Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8973 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3, 2015 No. 175 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Father of us all, thank You for giving 
us another day. 
In so many ways, the world is explod-
ing with crisis after crisis. We ask Your blessing on the people and city of San Bernardino, but also upon this Na-tion, which seems plagued by so many problems of violence and resulting death. 
We ask Your blessing upon Syria and 
the Middle East, where the threats and dangers of terrorism are confusing to nations who now find themselves, as traditional foes, vulnerable before a ruthless organization professing a twisted, violent religious fervor. 
And we ask Your blessing upon our 
planet itself, which we all share. No matter the cause, we are well aware of extremes in weather systems which threaten populations in many parts of our world. 
All of these are great and com-
plicated problems. As the Members of this assembly consider them, give them the grace to see one another as broth-ers and sisters, rather than as foes, who must work together for the love of our Nation and our world. 
May everything done in this place be 
for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING TOM COFFEY 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to remember journalist and community leader Tom Coffey. 
Last week, Tom Coffey died at the 
age of 92. He was one of the old-time newspaper guys. He never missed a chance to speak and listen to people he encountered. 
Mr. Coffey entered the news business 
as a copyboy when he graduated from Savannah High School in 1940. With the exception of a short time away to serve his country in World War II, where he was wounded in the Philippines, and a brief stint from 1969 to 1974, when he served as acting city manager of Sa-vannah twice, he was a journalist until he retired as editor of the Savannah Morning News. 
More than 20 years ago, when Mr. 
Coffey retired in 1989, Representative Lindsay Thomas, my predecessor, re-ferred to Tom as one of the most re-spected journalists in Georgia. 
During his life, Tom wrote about na-
tional news, including civil rights and desegregation, but he also wrote about the thrill of playing stickball in the backyards of Savannah and the local 
bootlegger who bribed local law en-forcement. 
Tom’s extraordinary career as a jour-
nalist and his work over the years has made life better for many people. He will truly be missed. 
f 
TAX EXTENDERS 
(Mr. SCHRADER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I come 
to the floor today to state my opposi-tion to the $800 billion of unpaid tax extenders now being discussed in Con-gress. 
It is incomprehensible to me that Re-
publicans and Democrats would enter-tain adding $800 billion to the $19 tril-lion debt that we already have, a debt 
that our children and grandchildren will end up having to pay. 
Just as every well-meaning program 
should be paid for in these tough times, so should every tax incentive. This is especially true when those incentives are being expanded beyond their origi-nal purpose and made permanent. 
What we really need, colleagues, is 
having a more comprehensive discus-sion on tax policy and entitlement re-form. We probably have too many tax breaks. We should broaden the tax base, frankly, and reduce our tax load. 
We must deal seriously with the 
long-term debt and deficits. Adding this additional burden to the out-of- control debt we already have is abso-lutely destructive to our country’s fu-ture. 
As one of the former Chairmen of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff said, the greatest threat to our Nation is not from abroad, but our national debt. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR THE CRADLE ACT 
(Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.000 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8974 December 3, 2015 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, sadly, 
every year in America, more than 20,000 babies are born addicted to drugs. Last year alone, nearly 1,000 of those babies were born in Maine. We can help these babies by passing H.R. 3865, the Cradle Act, of which I am proud to be an original cosponsor. 
Eighty percent of addicted infants 
are covered by Medicaid and treated at local hospitals; however, our hospitals are overwhelmed. They are not equipped to provide the specialized care that these babies desperately need to recover from the drugs in their tiny bodies. 
Residential pediatric recovery cen-
ters are designed and professionally staffed to provide this critically impor-tant early clinical care. These centers depend on Medicaid dollars to stay open, but need clear certification guidelines in order to receive those funds. The Cradle Act does that. 
Every baby born into this world de-
serves our compassion and care. This is an opportunity to help the most vul-nerable among us. This bill offers real hope for a healthy, safe, and loving start for thousands of American babies born addicted to drugs. 
f 
MASS SHOOTINGS 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
another mass shooting, another mo-ment of silence. Actually, we will have to do two in a day or back-to-back be-cause of the shooting in Savannah, Georgia. That did not get the attention because 1 person died and 3 people were injured, not like in California, where 14 died and 17 were injured. 
You stood already this week for Colo-
rado. I say ‘‘you’’ because I don’t do it any more. I can’t be hypocritical. You stand up, you sit down, you do nothing. 
There have been 355 mass shootings 
so far this year, not to mention the many who have died alone and get no attention or no moment of silence. 
When are we really going to stand up 
and do something? Just who has to die—your mother? your wife? your son? Or how many? We need to stand up, speak up, and take actions rather than another moment of silence. It is deaf-ening, and it is killing us. 
f 
FUNDRAISING EFFORTS FOR PENN 
STATE THON 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, next February, more than 700 students from Penn State Univer-sity will come together for the univer-sity’s annual dance marathon, other-wise known as THON. This event is the culmination of a huge fundraising ef-fort for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children’s Hos-pital, which is dedicated to fighting pe-
diatric cancer. THON is the largest stu-dent-run philanthropy in the world. 
Even though much of Pennsylvania’s 
Fifth Congressional District falls sol-idly within the territory of Pitts-burgh’s sports teams, I want to com-mend the Philadelphia Flyers and the New Jersey Devils hockey teams. The proceeds from tickets purchased for ei-ther the Devils game on December 19 or the Flyers game on January 5 will go to benefit THON. Both games fall with-in Penn State’s winter break, allowing students to support this effort even when they are away from the univer-sity. 
I wish all the students involved in 
THON the best of luck as they continue in this tremendous effort. They should be deeply proud of the role they are playing in striking a blow to pediatric cancer. 
f 
NO HARMFUL OMNIBUS POLICY 
RIDERS 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I 
came to talk about no harmful omni-bus policy riders, and I hope to get to that point, but my thoughts and pray-ers go out to the people of San Bernardino, the victims, and the fami-lies who have been affected by this vio-lence. Again, I hope that this violence wakes up the Congress to begin a really serious discussion about violence in America, by Americans, against Ameri-cans. 
In 8 days, we are going to find our-
selves staring at a deadline to keep the Federal Government open. As negotia-tions are finalized, we need a clean spending bill, not one that is peppered with toxic policy riders. 
We do not need more attacks on envi-
ronmental protections, Planned Par-enthood, the Affordable Care Act, and financial regulations. These are unac-ceptable policy changes in an appro-priations bill, and they are being threatened to be included. 
Mr. Speaker, in order for all of us to 
support this bill, I hope you have the courage to bring a clean bill to the floor. 
f 
JOE E. EDWARDS’ RETIREMENT 
(Mr. LOUDERMILK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, 
today I want to pay tribute to a true pillar of our community, Pastor Joe E. Edwards. 
For the past quarter century, Joe 
Edwards has served as pastor of the Church of God in Cartersville, Georgia; however, this Sunday, Joe Edwards will deliver his final sermon as senior pastor at The Church At Liberty Square, as he is retiring. Joe Edwards has been more than just 
a pastor. He has been a leader who has sought not only to preach the gospel of Christ inside the church, but put his faith into action throughout the com-munity. 
While he has made numerous con-
tributions to our community, his vi-sion of unifying local churches to pray for local, State, and national leaders is fundamentally transforming the cul-ture in our entire county. While he will be missed in the pulpit each Sunday, his legacy will live on through the thousands of lives he has touched. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people 
of Georgia’s 11th Congressional Dis-trict and the United States House of Representatives, I commend Pastor Joe E. Edwards for a life of service to God, community, and country, and con-gratulate him as he moves on to a new chapter in his life. 
Godspeed, Pastor Joe. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN AND 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
thank my colleagues for working across the aisle to prepare to pass the first long-term highway bill in more than a decade. 
For too long, Washington has gov-
erned from one manufactured crisis to another. This has hurt our economy by creating an environment of uncer-tainty for great manufacturers like Caterpillar, John Deere, UTC, and Woodward. 
American families shouldn’t have to 
worry when they cross a decrepit bridge on their way to the grocery store or take their kids to school. The men and women of labor who build our roads and bridges deserve this long- overdue, job-creating highway bill. And so do we. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I commend my col-
leagues for working together on this important issue. 
f 
FUNDING BILL RIDERS 
(Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to urge my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle to end their calls for shutdown and to work in a bipartisan manner to pass a funding measure without riders. 
This body has gotten into the habit 
of using last-minute Hail Mary votes to save us from one manufactured crisis after another, and it is taking our at-tention away from the list of things we need to get done—things like reforming our criminal justice system, addressing gun violence, or creating jobs. 
There is just 1 week left before fund-
ing runs out, and it looks like we are heading into yet another crisis. In the midst of growing threats to national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.002 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8975 December 3, 2015 
security, we need to take politics out 
of this equation. We need to take poi-son pills that threaten working Amer-ican families off the negotiating table. 
Mr. Speaker, I am ready and willing 
to work to keep the government of the greatest nation in the world open, and I know my Democratic colleagues will as well. I hope every Member of this body is ready to do the same. 
I want to express my condolences to 
San Bernardino and its families on their loss. I urge Congress to get mov-ing on gun safety legislation. 
f 
b0915 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 22, SURFACE TRANSPOR-TATION REAUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 546 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 546 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit if applicable. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). The gentleman from 
Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I con-
fess to you, I usually use the time that the Reading Clerk is reading the rule to collect my thoughts and think about what the bill is before us today and how I am going to try to persuade my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ But we only got about 15 seconds of the Reading Clerk this morning because this rule is so straightforward and so simple. 
I am thinking, why is it—because I 
sit on the Rules Committee. I think we do good work up there. Good work is sometimes complicated work. Why is it that the rule is so short today? And the answer is because we are in conference 
report season, Mr. Speaker. We are in conference report season. 
We have already done the hard work 
in committee. We have already done the hard work on the floor. The Rules Committee has already done the hard work of sorting through dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens of amendments. The Senate has done the same hard work. 
And we are now here on the conclu-
sion of that work, on the first long- term transportation bill in more than a decade. 
Mr. Speaker, Democratic administra-
tions, Democratic Presidents, Demo-cratic Houses, Democratic Senates have failed to do what we are doing today. Republican administrations, Re-publican Presidents, Republican Houses, Republican Senates have failed to do what we are doing today. 
In divided government today, Mr. 
Speaker, I dare say my friend from Col-orado didn’t get everything he wanted in this bill, I certainly didn’t get every-thing I wanted in this bill, but we are taking the first big step forward to-ward certainty for the American people on transportation that we have seen in more than a decade under both admin-istrations. 
Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 546 is 
a standard rule for consideration of a conference report to accompany H.R. 22, the FAST Act, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act. 
I want to thank Chairman B
ILLSHU-
STER for the way that he conducted 
this entire process. Mr. Speaker, I have the great pleasure of serving on his committee, and between his leadership, the ranking member’s leadership, Mr. D
EFAZIO, we have crafted a bipartisan, 
bicameral bill. 
I was privileged to serve on the con-
ference committee, Mr. Speaker, that completed this work, and it worked the way conference committees are sup-posed to work, I guess, because, Mr. Speaker, it is the first conference com-mittee I have been on. 
I have been here 4
1⁄2years. We don’t 
see things get to conference that often. I was a staffer around here, chief of staff, for a decade, never saw a con-ference committee from that perspec-tive. 
Mr. Speaker, these things don’t hap-
pen that often. They should happen more. We considered a conference com-mittee report on education yesterday. We are doing transportation today. I think we might be on to something. I think we might be on to something. It is called doing the long, hard work, Mr. Speaker. 
I don’t know how many sound bites 
you have read about the transportation bill. I don’t know how much press is being paid to this bill. It has taken not days, not weeks, not even months, but years to bring folks together around this solution, and folks have worked incredibly hard to make that happen. 
It is regular order, Mr. Speaker. It is 
regular order. This is the way it is sup-posed to happen. We are not supposed 
to have a bill airdropped into the House of Representatives, into the Sen-ate under a take-it-or-leave-it cir-cumstance. 
What you are supposed to have are 
those days, those weeks, those months, and, yes, even years of discussion and debate and moving people together, finding that common ground, finding those solutions, moving it to a con-ference report at the end. And that is exactly what we have done here today. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a report that 
contains views from across this con-ference—Members from rural districts, Members from urban districts, Mem-bers from districts that focus on mass transportation, Members from districts that have incredible road needs. 
It covers folks from the West in sin-
gle-Member States, single-district States, and folks from the East, with some of the highest population den-sities in the country. It is an amazing accomplishment to bring all of those folks together. 
I would tell you, Mr. Speaker, his-
torically, that has been the way trans-portation has been. Transportation is not one of those issues that divides us as Republicans and Democrats or even from the East and West. It is one of those issues that brings people to-gether. 
It is one of those issues—and there 
aren’t many—but it is one of those issues that we actually have a con-stitutional responsibility to perform. The Constitution does not ask much of this United States Congress when it comes to developing policy and prac-tice domestically here in this country, but transportation is one of those issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I mentioned it was the 
first long-term bill in more than a dec-ade. That is absolutely true. Length is important all by itself; certainty in 
transportation, important all by itself. 
We passed a 2-year transportation ex-
tension, Mr. Speaker. We put in the re-quirement to streamline some of the regulatory process. Here we are, more than 2 years later, and those regula-tions haven’t even come out yet. 
Building is a long-term process. Rule-
making, so that people can build, is a long-term process. 
Having long-term certainty is valu-
able in and of itself, but that is not just what this bill does. It focuses on the national highway freight network, Mr. Speaker. 
Between Washington, D.C., and Balti-
more, for example, there are three major Federal arteries. We have the Baltimore-Washington Parkway run-ning those 35 miles north. We have U.S. Route 1 running that distance. We have U.S. Interstate 95 running that dis-tance. Those roads are never separated by more than about 4 miles. 
Now, whether or not we need three 
major Federal arteries running be-tween two cities over a course of 35 miles, that is a debate that we can have. What the scope of Federal trans-portation funding should be is a debate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.003 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8976 December 3, 2015 
that we can have, And, in this bill, we 
did have it, Mr. Speaker. 
We are focusing on moving goods to 
market. This is a bill about getting to your child’s soccer game on time. This is a bill about freeing up congestion on America’s roads and improving Amer-ica’s mass transit in a way that you don’t miss the first pitch. But this is also a bill about moving freight to market. It is a bill about making America’s economy work. 
In a 21st century world, we cannot 
have a 20th century transportation sys-tem. We focus on those issues that have been left on the sidelines for far too long. We focus on bridges, Mr. Speaker. Bridges. It seems so simple. It is a transportation bill; there ought to be more that goes on than just roads and just buses. 
Bridges, Mr. Speaker, turn out to be 
that chokepoint that so many of us have in our district. It turns out it is expensive to build a bridge. It is envi-ronmentally difficult to get the per-mits. It is an engineering marvel to put together some of the bridges that we have here today. 
As dollars have gotten tight, many of 
our communities have not focused on the safety of existing infrastructure in ways that we all know our constituents demand. We make that investment in safety and security today. 
Mr. Speaker, we streamline a lot of 
Federal regulation in this bill. There is not a man or woman on this floor who doesn’t believe that we have an obliga-tion to protect this great Earth. There is not a man or woman on this floor who doesn’t believe that constructing in an environmentally sensitive man-ner is a priority for us all. 
But there is also not a man or woman 
on this floor who believes it ought to take 10 years to get a yes-or-no answer. There is not a man or woman on this floor that thinks it ought to take 8 years to get a yes-or-no answer. If the answer is no, the answer is no. But we deserve, our constituents deserve some certainty in that construction process. 
We eliminate duplication. We speed 
up delivery. We allow States, through a pilot program, Mr. Speaker, to begin to enforce some of these Federal man-dates. In many cases, it is not the man-date itself that is the problem. It is the Federal bureaucracy that is overbur-dened and can’t come through on per-mitting. 
We allow States, under this bill, as 
long as they abide by the Federal standards, to go ahead and implement those standards on their own so that they can prioritize the projects that are most important to them. 
Mr. Speaker, an issue that I know is 
important to all of our colleagues: We take some steps to get veterans back to work. This isn’t the first bill that has done that, of course. We have done bill after bill after bill after bill on this floor, Hire More Heroes most recently, to say, if the only thing standing be-tween you and putting our veterans back to work is Federal regulation, we want to get Federal regulation out of 
the way. We build on that again in this bill, Mr. Speaker. 
I don’t know if you have any truck- 
driving schools in your district, but I can’t find a truck-driving school in my district that doesn’t have job offers waiting today for folks who sign up today. The demand is so great, Mr. Speaker, for folks to move goods to market. 
But we have limitations on who is el-
igible to drive trucks, and for good rea-sons. For good safety concern reasons, we don’t want folks 19, 20 years of age to be driving these heavy trucks. 
But, Mr. Speaker, we have, returning 
from Afghanistan, returning from Iraq, folks who have been trained by the fin-est training facility in all the world, the United States military, folks who have been trained in the skills re-quired, the safety skills required, to move heavy equipment from one place to another. 
Those men and women are returning 
from serving us and are looking for work. If they were talented enough to serve us overseas, are they not talented enough to serve us here domestically? Of course they are. We take steps to 
recognize that here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I am still waiting on 
that opportunity when I can come to the floor and tell you I got absolutely everything I wanted in absolutely every line of the bill. It has only been 4
1⁄2years for me; I haven’t had that op-
portunity yet. I am still hoping that opportunity comes. 
But what I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, 
is that I came here to make a dif-ference. I came here to move the ball forward. I came here to do the hard things, not the easy things. The easy things have already been done. 
There is a reason we haven’t passed a 
long-term bill in more than a decade. It is because it is hard to do. And I take great pleasure and great pride, as a member of the Rules Committee, the Transportation Committee, and the conference committee, in bringing this rule to the floor today. 
If we pass this rule, Mr. Speaker, we 
can move to that conference report, and we can deliver for America what has been undeliverable for more than a decade. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I commend my colleagues on the 
House Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, who we will be hear-ing from shortly, for their diligence in developing a thoughtful, long-term, sustainably funded surface transpor-tation compromise that really has many of the priorities that Repub-licans and Democrats brought to the table. 
As the gentleman from Georgia said, 
this is an example of what we call reg-ular order of a conference committee. 
I want to inquire of the gentleman 
from Georgia, what was the vote on the conference committee on this final 
transportation bill? 
I yield to the gentleman from Geor-
gia. 
Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend for 
yielding. It was a unanimous approval of this provision. 
Mr. POLIS. Reclaiming my time, you 
did even better than the education con-ference committee. We were 39–1. There was actually one person on that con-ference committee who didn’t support it. What a great job that you and your colleagues did. 
The education conference committee 
was the first chance in 7
1⁄2years that I 
had to serve on a conference com-mittee; my friend from Georgia, his first chance during his time in Con-gress to do it. 
And that is a procedural matter. 
When the American people hear, oh, conference committee, that sounds pro-cedural. Yet another committee; what does that mean? But the product of these committees are substantial bills. 
b0930 
Part of the problem here in this in-
stitution is that it is a bicameral legis-lature, and the House and the Senate don’t talk to each other enough. The formal way they talk to one another is through a conference committee. What that means is there are Senators and Representatives on the same com-mittee working on the same bill, rath-er than what happens too often around here where the House passes one bill and the Senate, if they pass a bill at all, passes a very different bill, and never the twain shall meet. Mr. Speak-er, thanks to this procedural con-ference committee, the differences be-tween the House and the Senate have been worked out. 
So we were on the education bill yes-
terday. The Senate will likely consider that exact same bill next week, which means it will likely go to President Obama’s desk before Christmas. This transportation bill the House considers today, I don’t know the Senate’s sched-ule, but hopefully in the next week or two they will consider this exact same bill, and hopefully it will go to Presi-dent Obama’s desk. 
So we had a very quick meeting of 
the Rules Committee yesterday. My goodness, usually when the Rules Com-mittee meets, those are contentious meetings. We have a lot of amend-ments from Democrats and Repub-licans that want to have their voice heard. But on a final conference report, it went pretty quickly, and members of our committee on both sides of the aisle had a lot of praise for the chair and the ranking member of the com-mittee that had worked tirelessly to put this deal together. 
The Fixing America’s Surface Trans-
portation Act—they came up with a clever acronym, FAST. That works well, right? Transportation, fast, we all want to go fast, not too fast. The act commits $305 billion over a 5-year pe-riod towards improving our Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.005 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8977 December 3, 2015 
roads, bridges, transit systems, and 
railways. This is something that Re-publicans and Democrats both agree is the job of government. Transportation, infrastructure, and making sure people can get from one place to another is one of the most critical roles that our government plays. 
In the first year, FAST increases 
spending on highways by $2.1 billion. By the final year, the funding levels will reach $6.1 billion in addition to current investment. It also raises tran-sit funding from $8.6 billion to almost $10.6 billion by 2020. 
It establishes a Nationally Signifi-
cant Freight and Highway Projects program that helps focus our attention on projects that increase the competi-tiveness of American goods and serv-ices by expanding and improving upon heavily trafficked freight routes. Two that affect us in Colorado—very near and dear to my district—are highway 25, from Denver to Wyoming, and high-way 70, from Denver to Salt Lake City, which we were able to successfully in-clude an amendment in the House version, which I am proud to say is also reflected in this conference report. 
Mr. Speaker, these Nationally Sig-
nificant Freight and Highway Projects open the door to economic develop-ment, improve the flow of goods across our great country, increase the quality of life for residents, ease congestion and safety concerns, and, along our particular corridors, are to the benefit of tourism and the tourism industry as well. 
This bill helps leverage private in-
vestment in our surface transportation program by promoting the use of pub-lic-private partnerships which simply have become a reality for many infra-structure projects today like those used to expand highway 36 from Denver to Boulder, which I drive on most days that I am back home in Colorado. 
The FAST Act encourages installa-
tion of vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle- to-infrastructure equipment—which the Colorado Department of Transpor-tation has been at the cutting edge of designing and implementing—to im-prove congestion, ensure passenger safety, and really help create a 21st century infrastructure. This bill helps increase dedicated bus funding by 89 percent over the life of the bill, a change that was direly needed after the last highway authorization. 
The FAST Act maintains local flexi-
bility for STP Metro funding, allows governments to dictate what is best for our communities, and leaves the door open for complex transportation infra-structure projects like the northeast line of the Denver Regional Transpor-tation District’s FasTrack system, which our voters approved a decade ago. 
The bill requires a feasibility study 
to determine an impairment standard for drivers under the influence of mari-juana, something that I introduced a bill on and have been working hard on to increase the safety of driving in States where marijuana is legalized, 
like my home State of Colorado. 
This bill increases funding for high-
way railway grade crossings and re-quires operators to report the move-ments of hazardous materials along railroads, many of which, again, tra-verse my district. In Fort Collins, in Loveland, and in Longmont, where trains run through the downtown every day, these types of commonsense safe-ty measures are desperately needed and welcomed. 
The bill includes reforms to the Rail-
road Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing loan program—a loan that can be used to divert cumbersome traf-fic out of the middle of our downtown areas like in Fort Collins—to ensure speedy approval. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is a good bill. 
The policy changes are thoughtful and progressive. The funding levels author-ized are an improvement upon those of the past. The financing sources we tap, while not ideal, are workable. 
Now, it is always fair to say in any 
compromise that we could have done better. There are a few things I am dis-appointed that this bill doesn’t con-tain. 
We were on the edge of cutting a deal 
that would have included international tax reform that would have brought American wealth home, used the taxes gained to fund transportation and in-frastructure restoration projects na-tionwide, and prevented the offshoring of corporations, which we continue to see. 
Earlier this Congress, Mr. Speaker, I 
introduced a bill with my friend, Rep-resentative D
ELANEY , that would have 
deemed repatriation at 8.75 percent to fund both a 6-year highway bill at in-creased funding levels and create a new, national infrastructure bank. Combining international tax reform— desperately needed in its own right— with bold and robust infrastructure in-vestment is a forward-thinking, prob-lem-solving solution and exactly the type of move that I wish—and the American people wish—that Congress could have made. 
Our failure to come to a deal on the 
repatriation of overseas wealth has, unfortunately, robbed the American people of hundreds of billions of dollars in public investment and continues to abandon the $2 trillion in overseas earnings that could have been brought home. 
In addition, we fail to address the tax 
incentive that American companies have to merge with overseas corpora-tions or relocate their own head-quarters overseas to avoid paying American taxes. We came close—we came close—to addressing this in this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Congress to ad-
dress international tax reform as soon possible to prevent the continuing offshoring of companies and the mov-ing of jobs overseas, as well as to en-sure that over $2 trillion in overseas earnings can be invested here in Amer-ica rather than face an enormous tax 
penalty if it is brought back, thereby preventing it from being brought back and providing an incentive for compa-nies to invest in overseas growth and infrastructure rather than investing in infrastructure and growth here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, the failure to contain 
corporate tax reform is not my only challenge in supporting this bill. There were certainly other programs that I believe we could have invested in, like improving even more the TIFIA invest-ment which funds important projects like those needed along highways 70 and 25 in my district. I would have liked to have seen a direct funding stream tied to improvement and main-tenance projects along designated high-priority corridors. 
Finally, I would have liked to have 
seen the plight of communities with rail running through their downtowns addressed in the bill, an issue very near and dear to the cities in my district, cities like Fort Collins, Loveland, and Longmont, which are changed entirely by constant disruption of train horns and road blockages through our busy downtown areas. 
The economic loss that we face in our 
communities, on top of the disturbance to residents’ quality of life, isn’t some-thing that we can continue to sit by and do nothing about. We are going to work with every bit of flexibility in the bill. We continue to work with the de-partment on less expensive implemen-tation of quiet zones and of trying to reopen the rulemaking around train horns, which we expect to happen shortly, but there is no specific statu-tory fix to that issue in this bill itself. 
So while I support this bill and com-
mend the effort and the regular order that led to us getting here, we still need to look at what we can do. We see this bill as a floor, not a ceiling. There is even more we can do to bring our transportation infrastructure into the 21st century, to ensure its funding source is reliable and sustained, to re-patriate overseas earnings and invest them here at home, and to eliminate an incentive for American companies to move overseas. 
I hope my Republican colleagues 
agree that passage of this bill doesn’t mean that we retire from presenting new, thoughtful ideas to improve our Federal highway system. I hope that Republicans and Democrats will con-tinue to partner to address and solve some of these issues that I have raised that are not included in this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 30 seconds to tell my friend how much I appreciate what he had to say about international tax reform and what our opportunities are to grow America rather than grow our competi-tors abroad and to say there are a lot of different provisions in this bill. The Transportation Committee was unani-mous in its support of this bill, as were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.007 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8978 December 3, 2015 
several of the other committees who 
were involved in the conference, but there were a few stragglers out there on some of the extraneous provisions that were placed in here. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield 8 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. R
IBBLE ), a member of the 
freshman class of 2010 and a member of the Transportation Committee. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, the Con-
gress has offered Members the classic Sophie’s choice. Either vote ‘‘no’’ on the transportation bill and guarantee no reforms to road and bridge building happen, or vote ‘‘yes’’ and get reforms necessary to save money and stream-line construction, but do it without ac-tually paying for it and keep racking up the national debt. 
While many of my colleagues are 
sure to rush to the floor in the next few hours to pat themselves on the back for accomplishing this marvelous, transformational highway bill, we should not be popping champagne. There is no backslapping deserved. 
While I am encouraged by the fact 
that in many ways the policy related to surface transportation takes a sig-nificant step forward, I am deeply dis-couraged by the phony pay-fors. 
Mr. Speaker, during the upcoming 
debate on this legislation, you and the American people are going to hear re-peatedly that this bill is fully offset and fully paid for, essentially that new revenue and savings will keep the cost of this bill from adding to our national debt. This is, plain and simple, not the case. Most of the offsets are from gen-eral fund transfers. 
Now, it would take a magician of mi-
raculous skill to transfer money out of a fund that has a negative balance of $400 billion. If, in fact, there is money to transfer from an empty fund, I might suggest that we instead try to make the fund a bit less empty instead of transferring it to more spending. 
But I digress. Let’s take a look at the 
pay-fors. 
One of a long series of phony offsets 
is selling off oil that is currently owned by the American people in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. While you are stewarding the American peo-ple’s money, you are supposed to buy low and sell high, not the other way around. Not only are we selling off a public asset at near record low prices, we are also counting on getting over double the current market price in order to make all the math work. If you can find a buyer to pay $94 per bar-rel for oil, like the authors claim, while the market price is $41, I have got a bridge to nowhere to sell you. 
Another phony offset is hiring ag-
gressive private contractors to go after people who are delinquent on their Federal taxes. Now, listen, I am all for collecting all outstanding taxes. But what does that have to do with road building? If, in fact, we can collect an additional $2.5 billion by doing this, shouldn’t that money be put against 
the $400-billion deficit we are facing al-ready? 
Why is it an offset that generates its 
revenue amount over 10 years when the highway bill is only for 5 years? What is going to happen in year 6? Will all the road building the country needs be completed by then? Are there not any other roads going to need to be built in year 6? Are we not, then, just going to have to borrow even more money? 
Mr. Speaker, the bill does make a 
very reasonable point that taxes must be indexed to inflation to keep from losing value every year. I found this quite ironic. That makes total sense. So it is applied to the gas tax; right? Wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, here is my favorite 
phony pay-for. The bill’s authors didn’t have the political courage to deal with user fees for drivers, but instead are in-dexing taxes collected by the U.S. Cus-toms Service. Now, that is really iron-ic, but that tax is easy to hide from constituents. Now Americans returning from overseas will pay more for them in taxes to pave our roads while people who use the roads simply look on and smile. 
Yet, Mr. Speaker, there is more. 
There are modifications to royalty payments. Wow, that has got every-thing to do with roads. Or how about denying passports to those who have unpaid taxes? This is allegedly going to raise $350 million. Of course, that has nothing to do with roads, and, in fact, may not even be possible without all kinds of court trials and cases. 
Mr. Speaker, I know you can sense 
my frustration. At the end of the day, this bill will pass, the President will sign it, and while everyone is patting themselves on the back for passing a long-term solution, we are going to continue to pile debt on our grand-children. 
We are so close, though, to getting 
this right. We streamlined the process to get roads built faster saving tax-payer dollars. We have returned more decisionmaking back to the States, and we have reduced the bureaucracy and red tape around transportation con-struction. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from 
Colorado and the gentleman from Geor-gia have eloquently explained some of the benefits of the piece of legislation. These are valuable and not insignifi-cant reforms. It is because of these re-forms that I am going to reluctantly support this bill in spite of these phony, god-awful pay-fors. Here is why: I realize that if this bill does not pass, what we will get instead is another ex-tension of current policy and more bor-rowing, because that is what the Con-gress has done since I have been here. 
So this goes back to the classic 
Sophie’s choice I mentioned at the be-ginning of my conversation here. To get the good, I must accept the bad; to reject the bad, I must reject the good. If only this body, this Congress, had the political courage to tell the Amer-ican people a simple truth: if some-
thing is worth buying, it is worth pay-ing for. Taxing tomorrow should not replace living within our means today. It hurts future generations, and I am profoundly disappointed. We can and should do better for the people who sent us here to speak for them. 
b0945 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self 30 seconds before I further yield. 
I agree with many of the critiques 
from the gentleman from Wisconsin. I think, when you pick apart a lot of the ways that this bill is paid for, you will find that they either won’t generate the amount of revenue we think they will or you are borrowing from the out-years, meaning years 5 through 10, to effectively fund years 1 through 5. I know a lot of Members on both sides of the aisle will weigh that in their vote. I wish that the committee could have done better in finding pay-fors. 
I would like to briefly address the na-
tional petroleum reserve. I think it is great that Democrats and Republicans are coming together around selling as-sets the Federal Government has that are nonproductive assets, like the pe-troleum reserve that was set up for a time when America relied on foreign oil. We are now net producers of crude oil. 
I introduced an amendment that was 
not allowed for the energy bill yester-day to sell down the entire strategic petroleum reserve, which I think we should. However, the accounting for it in this bill shows us magically receiv-ing twice the value per barrel for the price of oil than the futures market ac-tually indicates that we would get. That is simply fictitious accounting in terms of how this bill is paid for. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
am inclined to yield 5 more minutes to my friend from Wisconsin because I strongly, strongly agree with the framework that he advanced. 
I have come to this floor repeatedly 
with a simple suggestion that we index the gas tax and move forward with pay-ing for our future. It is, I think, an in-teresting question if we had followed regular order dealing with transpor-tation funding, if we would have had a hearing that would have had the Presi-dent of the AFL–CIO, had the President of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, truckers, AAA, legislators from seven red Republican States that have raised the gas tax and the sky didn’t fall come forward and talk to Congress about what would make a difference. 
Because they have all agreed that we 
shouldn’t be borrowing from the fu-ture, that we should right-size this, not playing budget games, and be able to have the most effective way to create millions of family wage jobs and show that we can do our job the same way that was led by President Eisenhower and President Reagan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.008 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8979 December 3, 2015 
That said, I think this bill does rep-
resent an important step forward be-cause there was some regular order fol-lowed by the committee. I take my hat off to Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO, who worked their 
way through a variety of contentious issues and brought forward a piece of legislation that provides modest, but important, increases in our funding programs. 
It retains the basic structure. It has 
some improvements streamlining the process. It protects transit, safety, pe-destrian, cycling programs, and a high-er speed passenger rail. It speaks to a multiplicity of interests that Ameri-cans care deeply about. 
It has embedded in it areas of innova-
tion to encourage us to use technology to be able to improve the transpor-tation system. I think there is no ques-tion that this is a new frontier, that 10 years from now we will not recognize much of what happens in the transpor-tation space. 
We will be able to coax more value 
out of our transportation system. We will be able to stretch dollars and un-leash a great deal of innovation and ac-tivity. This legislation encourages that. 
Part of the innovation is that, while 
I think we should index and raise the gas tax to actually adequately fund a robust bill, I think it is important for us to get rid of the gas tax and replace it with something that is sustainable over time. 
And, again, this legislation has some 
provisions that will enable States to experiment with pilot projects like we have had in Oregon for the last 10 years for a fee that is based on road use, that would be sustainable, that would be fair, that actually could be adjusted in ways to help rural and small-town America and be able to give greater ac-cess to transportation in a more effi-cient fashion. 
Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that we 
will use the 5 years of stability, ending the saga of 35 short-term extensions be-cause we wouldn’t face the funding question. 
I am hopeful that we will use these 5 
years to be able to refine some of the improvements that are in it and to be able to directly face the question of whether or not we are going to pay for our transportation future, that we won’t use gimmicks, that we will use the tried-and-true user fee and replace the gas tax with something that is bet-ter and more sustainable. 
It is time to start building that foun-
dation now. It is not just more money, 
but it is transforming how the trans-portation systems work. I think this bill gives us leverage to move forward on that. Rebuilding and renewing America is a nonpartisan issue. It is an issue that can actually bring us to-gether while we make our communities more livable, our families safer, healthier, and more economically se-cure. 
We can put millions of Americans to 
work at family wage jobs that will im-prove the quality of life for commu-
nities from coast to coast. This bill is a step in that direction. But it is only going to work if we accept our respon-sibilities to properly fund it, to face the future, and accept responsibility to do our job right. I hope we will. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume to not just celebrate the successes that we are having today, but to associate myself with my colleagues who say the next round of hard work begins tomor-row. 
There is a reason that we have the 
funding pay-fors that we have in this bill. It is not a lack of political cour-age. I have colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have courage to spare. It is a lack of trust. 
When my constituents back home 
send me a dollar’s worth of taxes and get 50 cents worth of road out of it, they say: R
OB, what is the deal? 
The streamlining that goes on in this 
bill grows that trust. The elimination of duplication, the focus on national priorities instead of pet projects, on and on and on, builds that trust. 
The time to build that trust is before 
the next highway bill, not at the end of a highway bill cycle. There is a lot of work for each and every one of us to do in a bipartisan way to go out and build that trust. 
I think about what my friend from 
Oregon said: We are going to squeeze a lot of efficiency out of our transpor-tation system. 
The innovation title in this bill is ab-
solutely going to allow us to do more with less, which is precisely why con-stituents are worried about an indexed gas tax that puts transportation spend-ing on autopilot, because all of our ex-perience is, if you raise it, someone will spend it. 
Balancing efficiency with produc-
tivity is a challenge that we all face that begins with trust generated back home, Mr. Speaker. My great hope is that the reforms in this bill, combined with the reforms in MAP–21, combined by the leadership that States and local-ities are taking with their own revenue bases, are going to create that trust for a generation to come. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Ne-vada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Like the others you have heard from 
this morning, I commend those who have worked so hard on this bill. But, like them, I, too, have reservations about the final product. 
It continues to underfund our Na-
tion’s infrastructure and it relies on unsustainable revenue sources and budgetary musical chairs; yet, it does include some policy provisions that I believe will result in better project de-velopment and delivery. 
I represent the heart of the Las 
Vegas Valley, a region that is home to over 2 million people. We receive and enjoy the visits of over 43 million peo-
ple from around the world annually. Having a transportation system to safely and efficiently move these peo-ple and products around is vital to our economic success. 
That is why I am thankful that this 
final report includes a number of provi-sions that I advocated for, including language to ensure our States and MPOs consider the needs of the trav-eling public when developing their long-term transportation plans. 
The bill will also create a national 
travel and tourism advisory committee comprised of stakeholders from across the industry to develop a plan to iden-tify and invest in infrastructure and operational improvements along the most important travel corridors. 
In addition, the final bill includes 
language I submitted that will extend the authorization for the development of Interstate 11, a major regional project in the Southwest. 
Lastly, the conference report in-
cludes provisions I advocated for in the committee to make our roadways safer for all users, not just cars and trucks, but pedestrians and cyclists who have seen increased accidents and fatalities in recent years. 
For these reasons that affect my dis-
trict and the rest of the country and for others that have been mentioned, I think the bill deserves support. While it is not perfect, it is a step in the right direction. 
For that reason, I will vote for it. I 
urge others to do so as well. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume to say I think my friend from Nevada missed one of those great successes that she had—I will call it the Rodney Davis-Dina Titus amendment—to make sure that localities have even more control over their spending decisions. 
It is one of those episodes, Mr. 
Speaker, where folks didn’t get every-thing they wanted, but because folks were in there advocating for their con-stituents throughout the entire proc-ess, we ended up further down the road today than we would have been yester-day but for the Davis-Titus team push-ing forward on that language. 
Mr. Speaker, that is what this bill is, 
and that is what regular order gets us. It is so frustrating. I feel like I am in a room full of racehorses here trying to wait for the doors to open. The gates have just come open, and we all want to get to the finish line. 
Our new Speaker has made some 
commitments about bringing more in-volvement and individual Member par-ticipation in the process. That is new to this institution in many ways, Mr. Speaker, but it is not new to the Trans-portation Committee. It is not new to the work that you and I have been doing on the committee for these past many months. That is why this bill is worthy of the support of so many of our colleagues. 
I can go through a similar list as my 
friend from Nevada of ideas that came 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.012 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8980 December 3, 2015 
from the folks who lead back home. 
Folks who are in the tourism industry know more about tourism than those of us who are not, as do folks who are in the visitor industry, folks who are in the construction industry, folks who are in the concrete industry, on and on and on. 
Mr. Speaker, when you open the 
process up, you end up with fewer folks with political agendas at the table. You end up with more folks with prac-tical agendas at the table. When you open the process up, you don’t end up with politicians looking for their own piece of the pie. You end up with the public sharing their expertise and their experience. That is how you end up with a bill like the FAST Act today. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been a great 
pleasure for me to serve on the Trans-portation Committee with folks like the gentlewoman from Nevada, like the gentleman from Illinois, to be able to have a common goal—very different approaches on how you want to achieve that goal, very different constituencies pushing you towards that goal—but to know that, if you put in the time and if you put in the hours, you will get a result. 
So often in this Chamber, Mr. Speak-
er, it seems like we are tilting at wind-mills. When I joined the Transpor-tation Committee, I knew that we were not going to be tilting at windmills. We were going to be slaying a dragon. This bill slays that dragon today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I am pleased to be here as a conferee 
to the conference that worked to re-solve the difference between the House and Senate versions on the surface transportation reauthorization. 
A huge thank you goes to Chairmen 
S
HUSTER and G RAVES and Ranking 
Members D EFAZIO and N ORTON and 
their committees and personal staff for all the work that was put in to get us to this 5-year authorization. 
The fact is that America is literally 
falling apart. I am glad that we are going to be sending the President a long-term authorization this week. Making our infrastructure work and work for us smarter is really critical. 
b1000 
The bill does a lot to support re-
search, development, and the deploy-ment of transportation technology. 
I am pleased with the overall re-
search title, including specific invest-ments in hazardous materials, R&D, and traffic congestion mitigation, but I do have a couple of concerns with over-sight. 
The Intelligent Transportation Sys-
tems Joint Program Office was moved out of the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Research and Technology and into the Federal Highway Adminis-tration. We have to be vigilant that this move doesn’t undermine the 
multimodal coordination of ITS re-search and development. 
A new deployment program was fund-
ed through a large tax on existing R&D programs. While I support the deploy-ment program, we shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that today’s R&D invest-ments enable tomorrow’s new deploy-ment opportunities. So we shouldn’t be shortsighted. 
Nonetheless, I support the FAST Act. 
It is a bipartisan, bicameral, long-term authorization to fund highway transit, highway safety, motor carrier safety, hazardous material safety, and even passenger rail programs and projects. 
Let me be clear. It is not the bill I 
would have written, and it is definitely not perfect, including some of the prob-lematic pay-fors that have been dis-cussed today. But it will provide cer-
tainty, invest in America’s infrastruc-ture, and create good-paying American jobs. 
The bill is funded at the higher Sen-
ate-approved level, which is important. 
I am happy to have worked in a bi-
partisan fashion with my colleagues on the floor and in committee to make a difference in people’s lives. 
In our region, our Senators, Rep-
resentatives N
ORTON and C OMSTOCK , 
and I have provided new and direct Federal oversight of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. 
We have also worked to include tran-
sit-oriented development eligibility in TIFIA. Yes, this would mean that many of the transit-oriented projects across the Nation, in the metropolitan Washington region, and in my county, Prince George’s County, along the Green Line, will now be able to qualify for Federal financing because most transit-oriented development infra-structure projects are less than the $50 million threshold that TIFIA currently requires. 
In working with several Members, we 
were able to restore funding for the High Density States program that will allow transit systems in these States to maintain jobs, service, and service frequency and continue to help those who rely on public transportation. 
Though I oppose today’s rule, we 
have to enact a bill that will construct and rebuild our road, bridge, transit, and rail infrastructure that creates jobs here at home and enables the United States to compete internation-ally in the 21st century. 
This is a good first step. Let’s not 
stop here. Let’s continue to work in this fashion to rebuild America’s infra-structure. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the dis-
tinguished ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I thank Congressman P
OLIS for the 
time he has granted me. 
Mr. Speaker, after more than 2 years 
of obstruction by a vocal, ideologically driven minority that led to a 5-month 
shutdown of the Export-Import Bank, I could not be more pleased to rise and speak in strong support of the provi-sion in the conference report that would finally put the Ex-Im Bank back in the business of supporting U.S. jobs. 
After having spoken with and having 
listened to the stories of countless users of the Ex-Im Bank, both in my district and across the country, I can tell you without a doubt that the 4- year reauthorization of the Bank in this conference report is absolutely necessary and essential to ensure that U.S. businesses, both large and small, can operate and survive in the global marketplace. 
From the loss of satellite contracts 
in California, to the many potential job losses across this country, to offers from our foreign competitors that have urged American exporters to take their operations to Canada or overseas to Europe and China, there is no question that the shutdown of the Ex-Im Bank has done great damage. 
In joining with Whip H
OYER , Leader 
PELOSI , Representatives H ECK and 
MOORE , as well as with Representatives 
FINCHER and L UCAS , we showed that a 
determined majority of Democrats and Republicans who work together will ul-timately prevail. 
It is time to put an end to this whol-
ly destructive and entirely unnecessary period that has caused us so much pain and fear and hopelessness for so many businesses and workers across this country whose livelihoods rely on the Ex-Im Bank. 
I urge the passage of the conference 
report. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self 1
1⁄2minutes. 
Today, I recognize the patriotism and 
volunteer service of Major Fredric Ar-nold, a World War II P–38 fighter pilot in the Army Air Corps. 
Mr. Arnold flew and survived 50 com-
bat missions and was promoted to the rank of major at the age of 23. He re-ceived numerous medals, including the Distinguished Flying Cross and Air Medal with nine oak leaf clusters. 
While assigned to the Office of Flying 
Safety, he wrote and illustrated the first ever flight training manuals for the P–38, P–47, P–51, and P–80 fighter aircraft, and he created educational air combat situation drawings for the P–38 Lightning, which saved the lives of in-experienced American pilots. 
Today, at age 93, Mr. Arnold lives in 
Boulder, Colorado, where he is creating a monumental bronze sculpture, funded by The Radiance Foundation, which de-
picts 12 life-sized fighter pilots who are engaged in a World War II flight brief-ing, in order to honor the 88,000 airmen who lost their lives during the war and to ensure future generations remember the sacrifices that were made to pro-tect our freedom. 
This sculpture is entitled, ‘‘Lest We 
Forget: The Mission,’’ and it will be ex-hibited at the World War II Museum in New Orleans, Louisiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.011 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8981 December 3, 2015 
I am proud to recognize Major 
Fredric Arnold for his service as a fighter pilot and for his personal com-mitment to honor and help us all re-member the aviators who served this Nation during World War II. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would 
ask my friend from Colorado if he has any other speakers remaining. 
Mr. POLIS. We are prepared to close 
if the gentleman is prepared to close. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
If we defeat the previous question, I 
will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would close the loophole that allows suspected terrorists to legally buy guns. This bill would bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the terrorist watch list. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, a third of 
our Nation’s major roads are rated as poor or mediocre, and one in four bridges is in need of significant repair or expansion, many of them dangerous, while 45 percent of Americans don’t have access to public transit. 
Congestion on our roadways has got-
ten so bad that Americans are wasting an average of 8.4 billion hours—that is 8.4 billion hours less in productivity— and 4.5 billion gallons of gas over a dec-ade while being stuck in traffic. 
The average commuters are wasting 
nearly $800 of their own money and 5 full days of their lives each year in traffic. In my district alone, population and congestion has far outpaced our ability to maintain our critical thor-oughfares. 
If you have ever been to Colorado, 
you will know that there is one way up to our world-class ski resorts and ski areas and unparalleled 14,000-foot peaks from the Denver metro area. It is called highway 70. If you have ever taken it on a Friday evening or on a Sunday evening, you have probably sat in your car at a dead stop, waiting at times perhaps even for hours. 
If you have ever been to the largest 
city in my district, Fort Collins, home to one of our greatest universities, Col-orado State University, you have prob-ably found similar circumstances along highway 25 during rush hour. 
The expansion of highway 25 and the 
high-speed rail along highway 70 have been given completion dates of 60 years from now. That isn’t good enough. Fort Collins, Loveland, Boulder, Vail, Fris-co, Breckenridge—none of these tourism- and recreation-driven commu-nities can survive without making im-provements for 60 years. The future of these projects lies with 
a long-term, robustly funded surface transportation reauthorization. Our fu-ture depends upon our States’ and mu-nicipalities’ ability to rely on what level of Federal support they can ex-pect to receive and what their Federal partnerships will look like year in and year out. 
By providing consistency in funding 
levels and a several-year commitment to critical infrastructure projects, as we do today in this conference report, we open up a future for major highway improvements like those needed with highways 25 and 70 in my district and with highways and roads across the en-tire Nation. 
While I have outlined the issues and 
misgivings I have with this bill—and I certainly agree with Mr. R
IBBLE about 
the lack of courage this Congress has to actually pay for a bill and to instead devise clever gimmicks that only par-tially pay for the bill, including assum-ing that we are going to get twice the money per barrel for oil that the Fed-eral Government owns and the actual market price would bear—I think that this bill, nevertheless, is a step forward over continued short-term reauthoriza-tions, which I have been voting against the last several times they have come before us and which, I should point out, also generally include gimmicky ways of paying for it. 
So if this Congress, which it seems to 
have done, has chosen not to address the real issue of how to pay for some-thing and has chosen to instead use gimmicks, it is still better to do that in a predictable manner rather than to come up with a new gimmick every 60 days—a gimmick of the month, if you will—which is what this Congress has been doing throughout this year. 
I thank my colleagues for the inclu-
sion of my amendments in this bill, particularly an amendment to des-ignate Highway 70 from Denver to Salt Lake City as a High Priority Corridor. That provision will open up funding sources and opportunities for a high-way that has been a nightmare for resi-dents, for tourists, and for freight truck drivers for decades, particularly during its busiest times. 
I appreciate the committee’s desire 
to be transparent and receptive to ideas brought by Members who don’t serve on the committee. 
I am hopeful that what happened 
here this week, as my colleague from Georgia started out by saying, not only with the surface transportation reau-thorization but also with the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act, is only a beginning—a beginning of big things, of good things, of hard com-promises, of the success of regular order, of discussions between the House and the Senate that will hopefully bode well for future developments. 
I am hopeful that we can get back to 
work after a long hiatus of gridlock and grandstanding. I hope this is the first of many. I congratulate my colleagues for 
coming together on such a pivotal piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We have talked about how much 
work has gone into this bill—not days, not weeks, not months, but even years in trying to get here. 
I want to say what I said when I 
began, which is, when Democrats con-trolled every single lever of govern-ment, they could not get a bill like this done. When Republicans controlled every single lever of government, we failed to get a bill like this done. Today, with the leadership of B
ILL 
SHUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO, we are get-
ting that done. 
But it is not just at the Member 
level. And I want to associate all of the hard staff work that goes into making something like this happen, Mr. Speak-er. Chris Bertram, our staff director over on the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee; Matt Sturges, our deputy staff director over on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee; Collin, Geoff, Murphie on my own staff, Alex Poirot—folks who have put in hour after hour after hour, right through the Thanksgiving holi-day, making sure that America’s prior-ities get done. 
Folks back home don’t care how 
much hard work it takes; they care that we put in the hard work. And this is an example of that success today. 
Mr. Speaker, so often, I hear my col-
leagues say, ‘‘If I had written this bill myself, it would have been different.’’ Generally, when I hear my colleagues on the other side of aisle say, ‘‘If I had written this bill it would be different,’’ I think, ‘‘Thank goodness you didn’t write this bill.’’ I have no doubt that they think the same thing when I say that. 
We rarely get everything that we 
want, but we rarely have an oppor-tunity to come together and be as suc-cessful as we are today. 
The only roadblock between us and a 
long-term transportation bill for the first time in more than a decade is my yielding back the balance of my time. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 546 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.013 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8982 December 3, 2015 
member of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule ....  because the majority Member 
controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee 
on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 179, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 666] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers McSally 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—179 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.004 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8983 December 3, 2015 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Johnson, Sam Maloney, 
Carolyn Meeks 
Payne Rokita Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai 
Williams 
b1042 
Messrs. WALZ, LEVIN, and Ms. 
ESHOO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The question 
is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 384, noes 40, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 667] 
AYES—384 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman 
Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster 
Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert 
Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—40 
Becerra 
Bera Ca´rdenas 
Castro (TX) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Crowley Delaney Edwards Fudge Graham Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Huffman Jeffries 
Kennedy Lieu, Ted McCollum McGovern McNerney Moore Neal Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Rangel Ruiz 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schakowsky Slaughter Speier Thompson (MS) Tonko Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Johnson, Sam Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta 
Takai Williams 
b1051 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Messrs. CUM-
MINGS, ASHFORD, BRAT, MOULTON, and BUTTERFIELD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECU-
RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 542 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS) kindly take the chair. 
b1053 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manu-facturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other pur-poses, with Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, December 2, 2015, amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 114–359 of-fered by the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ) had been disposed 
of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–359 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 26 by Mr. C
RAMER of 
North Dakota. 
Amendment No. 30 by Mr. R OUZER of 
North Carolina. 
Amendment No. 37 by Mr. P ALLONE of 
New Jersey. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 252, noes 170, not voting 11, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.002 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8984 December 3, 2015 
[Roll No. 668] 
AYES—252 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—170 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Diaz-Balart Johnson, Sam Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky 
Takai Williams 
b1058 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ROUZER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 247, noes 177, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 669] 
AYES—247 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin 
Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pingree Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOES—177 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.005 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8985 December 3, 2015 
Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Johnson, Sam Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta 
Takai Williams 
b1103 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 243, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 670] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney 
Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Johnson, Sam Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta 
Takai Williams 
b1106 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manu-facturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other pur-poses, and, pursuant to House Resolu-tion 542, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.006 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8986 December 3, 2015 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I am opposed to 
it in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Cartwright moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 8 to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the fol-lowing amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE ll—CLIMATE CHANGE 
SEC. llll . CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL. 
In response to the overwhelming scientific 
consensus that climate change is real, United States energy policy should seek to remove market barriers that inhibit the de-velopment of renewable energy infrastruc-ture. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, this 
motion represents an opportunity for Members of this House to acknowledge that climate damage is a threat, and that we have a moral obligation to fight it, an opportunity for Members to bring themselves into line with the overwhelming weight of scientific re-search and authority, bring themselves into line with a huge and growing mass of American corporations that have ac-knowledged climate damage, and have taken green energy pledges. 
It is an opportunity for Members to 
bring themselves into line with over 200 other nations that are gathering, even as we speak, in France, people who are baffled that responsible adults in elected positions in our Nation con-tinue to deny what is reality. 
And it is an opportunity for Members 
to avoid a danger, a danger that their pollsters and their party leaders and their political advisers have failed to warn them about, and that is the dan-ger of the judgment of history. 
Make no mistake, future generations 
are watching. In fact, they are already judging our actions. Our young people in this Nation understand that they are the ones who will pay dearly for the politics that has taken over this issue, the politics that lead this Congress to inaction, despite the outcry from the scientific and worldwide community that we must act before it is too late. 
Mr. Speaker, I am not here to con-
demn Members for initial hesitation on climate damage. Who am I to judge? After all, as humans, when we discover a threat, at first it is reasonable and natural for us to question or attempt to deny that the threat is real, espe-cially when it is the kind of threat that, to meet it, requires strong, imme-diate, and decisive action. 
In fact, denial is such a common re-
action that aircraft pilots call it ‘‘nor-malcy bias,’’ the initial refusal to be-lieve that things are not normal, the desire to not believe the warning sig-
nals when they say something is grave-ly wrong. They teach pilots about nor-malcy bias because, when the warning lights go on, wishing those lights were off or hoping that they are wrong is not a valid course of action. Instead, it is the very most dangerous way of han-dling the situation. 
Mr. Speaker, the warning lights are 
on. So what we need to do is get past our denial phase, get past our nor-malcy bias, and take strong, imme-diate, and decisive action. And I say to you, that is the American way of han-dling a threat to our people. 
What we do here in America, the best 
of us, we examine it closely, a threat. We put our best minds on the problem, and we tackle the problem and take immediate, strong, and decisive action. 
b1115 
That is how the bravest and the best 
of us in America have always behaved in the face of threat, and that is how the Greatest Generation did it. Stick-ing our heads in the sand, pretending a serious problem will go away on its own, and doing nothing in the face of a grave threat is not the American way, and it never was. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I am not here to 
condemn anyone for his or her initial hesitation on climate damage. Instead, I offer this opportunity to my col-leagues across the aisle because I refuse to believe that they truly do not understand the climate crisis we face. 
I present this motion to recommit as 
a chance for this Congress to avoid the harsh light and the implacable judg-ment of the historians, who will not hesitate to include us on their lists of the greatest ignoramuses of all time, to lump us in without fear of con-tradiction, with the worst, lantern- jawed simpletons of history, historians who will unmercifully tell our grand-children and their grandchildren just how dumb we were if we do not take action to prevent damage to our cli-mate. 
So I invite my fellow Members, all of 
you, vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion, ac-knowledging that climate change is real. The warning lights are on, they are brighter than ever, and the rest of the world is taking them seriously. Let’s show the world and all of history that America is ready to take the lead in tackling this threat. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I claim the 
time in opposition to the motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, the world 
does face many challenges and risks, and when it comes to climate change, we on this side believe that we have to take an economically realistic and pragmatic approach. 
To address climate as well as other 
risks, we support policies that will pro-mote access to affordable and reliable energy that allows our communities to 
grow economically, to adapt to changes, and to be resilient both now and in the future. We also support technological innovation and the de-velopment of resilient, efficient infra-structure both to reduce emissions and to withstand climate-related events re-gardless of their causes. 
The underlying bill that we are about 
ready to pass promotes access to af-fordable and reliable energy, diversity, efficiency, and modernization of all of our energy infrastructures. Passage of this bill would help ensure that we have critical energy infrastructure in place to withstand new threats, wheth-er they be from climate or other risks such as terrorism and cyber attacks. 
I would note, Mr. Speaker, that here 
in the United States, thanks to innova-tion—as we have expanded access to our abundant energy supplies as we have over the last couple of decades— energy-related carbon dioxide emis-sions have actually significantly de-clined, and they are projected to re-main below 2005 levels through 2040 and will continue to decline as a share of worldwide emissions, particularly when compared to other nations like India and China. 
So for those reasons, Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 243, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 671] 
AYES—180 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.026 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8987 December 3, 2015 
Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Delaney Johnson, Sam Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai 
Williams 
b1124 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable 
to cast my vote on rollcall No. 671. Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 671, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ). The question is on the pas-
sage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 249, noes 174, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 672] 
AYES—249 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—174 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.009 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8988 December 3, 2015 
Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Johnson, Sam Lawrence Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai 
Williams 
b1131 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York and Ms. KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall 
Vote No. 672 on H.R. 8, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Clerk be au-thorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 8, to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section numbering and cross-ref-erencing, and the insertion of appro-priate headings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill, H.R. 8. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 22, 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION RE-AUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 546, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, 
and transit programs, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 546, the con-ference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and state-
ment, see proceedings of the House of December 1, 2015, at page H8679.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HU-
STER ) and the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. D EFAZIO) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the conference report to accompany H.R. 22. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am very pleased that today the 
House is considering the conference re-port to H.R. 22, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation, or the FAST Act. 
I believe this bill will be one of the 
most important things this Congress can accomplish for our country. This conference report is appropriately named the FAST Act for a few reasons. 
It will certainly help fix America’s 
surface transportation infrastructure. The process has been fast. In fact, from the day of introduction until today is 44 days that we have moved this bill forward; so, it happened fast. 
I think some of our staff, who worked 
very hard in this process to help get this bill done, actually had to fast over the Thanksgiving holiday. So my thanks go out to staff on both sides of the aisle for working through the holi-day as they did to get this bill put to-gether and brought to the floor. 
Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and I 
worked diligently with our House and Senate conferees to put together this conference report. I want to thank Mr. D
EFAZIO for all his efforts. 
Before I describe the transportation 
provisions in the conference report, I do want to note that the conference re-port includes numerous other provi-sions that were in either the House- or the Senate-passed versions of the bill. These provisions are in the jurisdiction of the Committees on Ways and Means, Financial Services, Energy and Com-merce, Natural Resources, and Judici-ary. 
Mr. Speaker, since I became chair-
man, one of my top priorities has been to pass a long-term surface transpor-tation reauthorization bill. For the last year and more, I have traveled across the country to talk to transpor-tation and business leaders about the need for a reauthorization bill. What I 
have heard is that all States and com-munities have significant infrastruc-ture needs and they all need long-term certainty to address them. 
The FAST Act represents a bipar-
tisan and bicameral agreement to pro-vide that certainty. This is the first time we have come together in a long- term bill in 10 years. It is fully paid for and reauthorizes Federal surface trans-portation programs for 5 years. 
It improves our Nation’s infrastruc-
ture, including our roads, public trans-portation, and rail systems; reforms our Federal transportation programs; refocuses these programs on national priorities, including the flow of freight and commerce; provides greater flexi-bility for States and local governments to address our needs; streamlines the Federal bureaucracy and accelerates project delivery; promotes innovation to make our surface transportation system and programs work better; and maintains a strong commitment to highway, rail, and hazmat safety. 
This bill also includes robust reforms 
of Amtrak, which the House already passed overwhelmingly this year. It cuts waste, holds Amtrak accountable, and increases transparency. It en-hances opportunities for competition on routes and increases private sector participation in station development and right-of-way leveraging. It gives States more power and control over their Amtrak routes. 
This legislation has wide support 
from throughout the stakeholder com-munity. 
The FAST Act invests in America, 
continues the essential Federal role in transportation, and helps keep our country economically competitive. 
I strongly urge all my colleagues to 
support this conference report. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 4 minutes. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
the chairman of the subcommittee for their tremendous cooperation and hard work. 
I certainly want to thank the staff, 
who spent the whole Thanksgiving break pulling this together and negoti-ating with the Senate, and I want to thank our colleagues in the Senate. 
We have something that is very rare 
in Washington, D.C., these days here on the floor of the House: a truly bipar-tisan approach to very real problems confronting our Nation. 
I have been to the floor many dozens 
of times to talk about our country fall-ing apart, and I won’t reiterate all those statistics again today. They are in the R
ECORD . 
But this is now 10 years and 3 months 
since Congress last passed a long-term bill. This 5-year bill will give States and local jurisdictions, cities, and counties the capability of dealing with bigger problems that confront our sys-tem of transportation. 
The series of short-term fixes we 
have had over the last 5 years and 3 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.010 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8989 December 3, 2015 
months, or the MAP–21 bill, did not 
give them the long-term certainty they needed. 
There is predictability in this bill. 
They know how much money they will be receiving, and the levels are higher than current expenditures. 
Sure, I think we should invest more, 
but the bill also contains a provision I championed that says, should a future Congress allocate more funds to Trans-portation and Infrastructure, that money will flow through the policies and the formulas in this bill with no further action required and no tam-pering by this or future Congress; i.e., it would be expedited and it would go right into the investments we need to put more people back to work. 
This will be the biggest jobs bill 
passed by this Congress. There is no way we can do more for the American economy than making these long-term investments, putting hundreds of thou-sands of people to work rebuilding our critical infrastructure. It also doesn’t just go to construction, design, engi-neering, and small business, as do high-way contracts. It also has a major in-vestment in transit. 
We increase the Buy America percent 
for transit vehicles to 70 percent. So that will create more American jobs. There are many other critical things. 
We create for the first time—amaz-
ingly, for the first time, given the im-portance of our country—a major Fed-eral freight program, an intermodal Federal freight program, that will help us be more competitive in the world 
economy and make major investments in more efficiently moving goods into our country and out of our country in accessing ports. 
It invests in workers with reforms of 
the workforce retraining program. It promotes local control. We are increas-ing the share that flows through to local jurisdictions. The chairman al-ready addressed that. It invests in all modes. It preserves the existing split between transit and highways and in-cludes alternate modes. 
It includes a new safety grant pro-
gram to prevent bicycle and pedestrian deaths, which would go to local or State jurisdictions that put forward comprehensive plans that deal with that growing problem. 
It provides grants to States that 
come up with innovative future ways to fund transportation for them to ex-periment, laboratories around the country experimenting with vehicle miles traveled or other programs that could pave the way for future bills in terms of spending and investing in our infrastructure. 
It improves hazmat safety very sig-
nificantly in this bill. It also invests in rail—Amtrak—and will help local com-munities who are dealing with pas-senger commuter rail implement posi-tive train control. 
This is a true bipartisan product. I 
recommend a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. G
RAVES ), the chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in enthusiastic support for this conference report, which reau-thorizes the surface transportation program for 5 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I would argue that few 
investments made by the Federal Gov-ernment are more important than the ones we are discussing here today. We depend on a very well-run transpor-tation network for just about every-thing we do in this country. Improving that system becomes more critical as we become more mobile as a society. 
In the immediate future, this con-
ference report is going to allow States to plan and execute some much-needed infrastructure repair. In Missouri alone, long-term surface transpor-tation reauthorization translates into improvements for 35,000 miles of high-way and 10,000 bridges. 
Specifically, this conference report 
reforms the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and increases transparency within its compliance, safety, and accountability program. These reforms will fundamentally change the way the agency analyzes and develops rules for the trucking in-dustry. 
This is an industry that we all rely 
on as Americans, but Federal regula-tions continue to make it harder and harder for small and independent truckers to do business. 
The FAST Act also increases effi-
ciency within high-cost construction programs. It uses existing funding to develop a new formula for highway freight projects and creates a competi-tive grant program for projects of na-tional or regional importance. 
While this 5-year reauthorization is 
fully paid for, it doesn’t address the long-term funding issues staring down the highway trust fund. That is why we directed research into more sustain-able long-term funding sources, includ-ing a user-funded model that does more than just rely on the existing gas tax. 
But, looking ahead, this bill sets the 
stage for us to continue reshaping and rethinking America’s transportation network. It will allow us to modernize roads and transit systems using inno-vations from the private sector. It is going to help us employ advances in technology and interconnectivity to improve safety on America’s highways. 
Ultimately, this report guarantees 
that local governments are going to no longer be forced to operate off of one short-term extension after another. This gives the States the certainty and the funding they need to improve their roads, rebuild their bridges, and invest in their infrastructure. 
I am proud of the bipartisan work 
that the House and the Senate have done to finalize this long-term Federal reauthorization. I would like to echo the words of the ranking member. 
This was a very bipartisan bill. 
Thanks to Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, Chairman S HUSTER , and Ranking Mem-
ber N ORTON , I think we did a fantastic 
job when it comes to putting the bill together. I look forward to seeing the President sign it. 
b1145 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), the 
ranking member on the subcommittee. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, the rep-
utation of our committee is that we are the most bipartisan committee in the Congress, and I think we have shown it with this bill. 
I can’t thank my partners enough— 
Mr. G
RAVES you just heard from; Chair-
man S HUSTER ; Mr. D EFAZIO, who is the 
ranking member; both good friends and, of course, the staff—for their countless hours, including missing Thanksgiving. I particularly thank the conference committee Members be-cause this bill needed compromises on both sides if we were going to get it done this year, and that is what we have done. 
This bill was improved in conference 
in many ways. If you are in the States, you will probably say the most impor-tant way is that you are getting more funding than anticipated. There was a tradeoff, of course, because it is now a 5-year rather than a 6-year bill, and we needed the longest term bill we could get; but it does mean almost $13 billion more annually in funding for the States, and they were so starved for funds that, I believe, this 5-year trade-off was most important for us and for them. 
The reason I have come to the floor 
with this chart is not to show you something about my own district, but because this chart is emblematic of what this bill will do for your district and for districts all over the United States. I chose it because one of my major projects is the H Street Bridge. I didn’t just choose a bridge; I chose a bridge with intermodality at its vor-tex. This is the bridge that runs over Union Station. All you have to do is look at it, and you will see the trains; and there is freight beneath this bridge, and major freight is in this bill. You will see Amtrak. Across the H Street bridge itself runs inner-city buses, local buses, and streetcars. 
You see how transit is the key to de-
velopment itself. So, if you don’t get the transit done, if you don’t get the infrastructure done for our bill, then other infrastructure which depends on it will not occur. 
We are trying to expand Union Sta-
tion here. This bridge has to be done if they are to accomplish this. They are going to expand the Union Station con-course. This bill will allow the im-provements in the Northeast corridor, which is so important to so many Members. In a real sense, this bridge and this poster tell the story of this bill. 
There were so many of my major pri-
orities in this bill that I would just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.034 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8990 December 3, 2015 
like to say something about a couple of 
them. 
One is the way we are now trying to 
get a hold of the highway trust fund which is a trust fund in name only—the $15 million to $20 million—that will allow for the States to experiment with new ideas. States are the only ones that are doing it, which is going to be absolutely necessary before the next long-term bill. We didn’t have anything of the kind in MAP–21. 
Look what we had to do instead. We 
took money to pay for this bill, for ex-ample, from the Federal Reserve and from the strategic oil reserves, for the first time in history—that is the cutest one—because oil is worth less than when it was used as an offset. We had to face down this highway trust fund, and that is why my major priority was new trust fund ideas. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I yield the gen-
tlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. NORTON. Finally, I want to say 
that I am very pleased that we worked together to get the Disadvantaged Business Enterprises provision done, and there is funding in this bill for a very important issue in our country for grants to address racial profiling. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ), the chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipe-lines, and Hazardous Materials. The gentleman did a lot of work on the Am-trak bill, which made it into this final bill. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, first of 
all, I appreciate the opportunity to have been a conferee on this important piece of legislation. 
This piece of legislation was a bipar-
tisan effort between not only Repub-licans and Democrats in the House, but as a conferee who has been working be-tween the House and the Senate, we have now culminated a number of dif-ferent issues that, for years, we have had hearings on. Specifically, in the subcommittee that I chair—Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials— we are dealing with passenger rail in this bill, with rail safety, and with haz-ardous material. 
Under the hazmat title of this bill, it 
contains many important provisions on crude-by-rail safety: 
First, we require all new tank cars 
carrying flammable liquids to actually have a thermal blanket and top fittings protection, which is something that the DOT failed to include in its rule; 
We also ensure that railroads provide 
States and local emergency responders with information on crude-by-rail ship-ments within their States. In my com-munity, this is a huge issue for our first responders, who want to know ex-actly what is traveling through our community; 
We also include a provision that fixes 
a loophole that would have allowed more than 35,000 legacy DOT–111—these old tank cars—to actually remain in service. The rail title follows closely the 
PRRIA bill of 2015—the passenger rail reauthorization—which we passed out of this House in March of this year: 
In the bill, we reform Amtrak to ac-
tually run more like a business, ensur-ing that Northeast corridor profits get reinvested into the corridor and make Amtrak more accountable to the States; 
In the wake of the Philadelphia 
crash, we make a number of safety im-provements, including having cameras in the locomotives. I will remind you that the purpose of this video footage is to assist crash investigators, which is something that would be important in Philadelphia. Let’s make sure that this does not punish or retaliate against the employees. 
Separately, this bill includes reforms 
that I have long championed and have based on legislation that I have au-thored in committee, the NEPA Reci-procity Act. We need to eliminate the duplicative environmental reviews. It will save us millions of dollars and years in project delivery time while still ensuring that appropriate steps are taken to mitigate the environ-mental impact. In California, we have the California Environmental Quality Act. We want to make sure that we have a strong environmental policy. Let’s just not waste years in duplica-tion to get these projects done. Let’s do them quickly. Let’s do them effi-ciently. Let’s save millions of dollars in the process. 
The bill also provides a much-needed 
boost in funding to fix our crumbling bridges in our communities. In my community, I continuously talk about the Seventh Street Bridge in Modesto. It is ridiculous that we have any bridges that are below satisfactory, but in this case, this bridge is rated 2 out of 100. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DENHAM. It is so bad that we 
don’t allow school buses on this. We have passenger cars as well as trucks— trucks that carry goods through Mo-desto and through our community—yet it is unsafe for school buses and our kids. This much-needed bridge funding will help us to fix many of these threats around our State and around the country. 
Finally, this legislation will codify 
pets on trains. For years now, pet own-ers have been able to take their pets on airplanes. I can go from California to D.C. with my dog; yet I can’t take my small dog onto Amtrak. This now changes that. I know that it is a big deal for those who travel on trains fre-quently to be able to take their pets with them. 
In conclusion, this is a great bipar-
tisan, long-term highway bill, and I am excited that we are going to finally give certainty to our States. 
Again, I thank the chairman, Mr. 
D
EFAZIO, and Mr. C APUANO —all who worked hard to make this a great bi-
partisan effort. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of the conference report on H.R. 22, the FAST Act. I do associate myself with the remarks of Chairman S
HUSTER , of Ranking Mem-
ber D EFAZIO, and, of course, of their ex-
traordinary staffs, including mine, who have been very effective in working on this very bipartisan and very thorough bill. 
I have been honored to serve on the 
conference committee, thanks to Lead-er P
ELOSI ’s appointment. I especially 
thank our transportation stakeholders in my district—California, of course— for their input on the policies included in this bill, which will benefit not only California but many of our Nation’s constituencies by improving their com-mutes, by enhancing the transpor-tation of goods to market, and by in-creasing transportation safety and air quality. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Those entities 
that really sent good, solid information to this committee were the San Gabriel Valley Council of Governments, the San Gabriel Valley Economic Partner-ship, the Alameda Corridor-East Con-struction Authority, the Foothill Tran-sit, the Gold Line Foothill Transit Project, the Gateway Council of Gov-ernments, the Access Services of Los Angeles, the LA Metro, the Southern California Association of Governments, Caltrans, the California Department of Natural Resources, and the California Department of Labor. 
I ask my colleagues for their support, 
and I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote from all of us. This is a great bill thanks to their bipartisan support. 
Mr. Speaker, I include for the 
R
ECORD a list of the items that were 
able to be included in the bill. 
OVERALL FUNDING LEVELS  
The bill authorizes Highway, Transit and 
Railroad programs at $305 billion over 5 years. $281 billion is directly funded from revenues in the bill (aka ‘‘contract authority programs’’) which is for highway programs and most transit programs. This is $12.8 bil-lion higher than the House passed bill. This higher funding level was requested by Cali-fornia transportation agencies including Caltrans, the Metropolitan Planning Organi-zations (MPOs) and the California Councils of Governments (COGs). 
$24 billion is authorized to be appropriated 
annually. The programs needing appropria-tions are New Starts Transit construction grants (which the larger California Transit Agencies strongly support) and Amtrak pas-senger rail investments (California has 3 of the top 5 Amtrak rail corridors). 
LOCAL CONTROL —INCREASED LOCAL  
SUBALLOCATION OF TRANSPORTATION FUNDING  
The bill increasie’s the percentage of funds 
that flow directly to local regions (instead of the State) within the Surface Transportation Program (STP) from the current 50% to 55% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.049 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8991 December 3, 2015 
(1% per year). This issue was supported by 
CAL COG and local CA Transportation agen-cies. 
TRANSIT FUNDING INCREASES  
The bill provides $13 billion over 5 years for 
the state of good repair transit formula pro-gram. These funds are distributed to state and local governments for repairs and up-grading of rail and bus rapid transit systems. This is a 20% increase over current funding. The bill provides $3.7 billion over 5 years for bus and bus facilities and sets aside $1.5 bil-lion for a competitive bus grant program. This is a 75% increase over current funding. California Transit agencies strongly sup-ported increased transit funding. 
FREIGHT PROGRAMS  
The bill creates two funded freight pro-
grams. The first is a Formula Freight pro-gram funded at $6.3 billion over 5 years which is allocated to the states. The second is a Nationally Significant Freight and High-way Projects Competitive grant program funded at $4.5 billion over 5 years that state and local governments can apply for. 
Creating these funded freight programs 
was a big priority of California Transpor-tation agencies including Caltrans, Cali-fornia Association of Councils of Govern-ments, League of CA Cities, Metropolitan Transportation Commission of the SF Bay Area, Southern California Association of Governments, San Diego Area Association of Governments, L.A. Metro, and Sacramento Area Council of Governments. 
In addition, language was included that 
many CA Transportation agencies care about to make local transportation agencies (such as JPA’s) eligible recipients of grant funds and to address local environmental impacts of freight movement. 
TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES —BICYCLE , PE-
DESTRIAN , TRAILS , SAFE ROUTES TO SCHOOL  
PROJECTS  
The bill funds transportation alternatives 
at $835 million per year in 2016 and 2017 and $850 million per year in 2018, 2019 and 2020, which is more than the House bill level of $819 million per year. The bill gives Metro-politan Planning Organization’s (MPO) new flexibility to use up to 50% of this funding for other Surface Transportation Eligible projects. California transportation agencies, environmental organizations, bike associa-tions, and safe route to school advocates strongly support this program. 
TIFIA LOAN PROGRAM  
The TIFIA loan program is funded at $275 
million/year in FY16 & 17 and $300 million/ year in FY18, 19, 20. This is more than the $200M/yr in the House bill. TIFIA is strongly supported by many California transportation agencies (especially those with local trans-portation funding sources such as sales tax measures) because they can use the govern-ment backed loans to expedite their projects and save money in the long run. 
Language was included to allow unused 
TIFIA funds to go back into TIFIA and to provide eligibility to Transit Oriented Devel-opment projects. This language was also a priority of CA transportation agencies. 
RAILWAY HIGHWAY GRADE CROSSING PROGRAM  
The bill maintains the current railway- 
highway grade crossing program and in-creases funding by $5 million/year to $245 million in FY20. California Transportation agencies, including the Alameda Corridor East Construction Authority in my district strongly support this program because safety issues around highway rail grade crossings are a big concern in our state. 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL GRANTS  
The bill provides $199 million for positive 
train control grants that commuter rail-roads can apply for. This was a big priority 
of Metrolink as they are currently devel-oping and implementing positive train con-trol safety systems. 
NEW STARTS TRANSIT CONSTRUCTION PROJECT  
CHANGES  
The bill allows local transportation agen-
cies to use Surface Transportation Program funding as the local match for New Starts. This was a priority of CA MPOs and CALTRANs because the original House bill prohibited this flexibility in funding. 
TRANSIT WORKFORCE TRAINING PROGRAMS  
The bill focuses transit workforce training 
programs on the front line workforce (bus drivers, rail operators, mechanics, etc.). The bill also focuses on career opportunities for underepresented populations, including mi-norities, women, veterans, low-income, and the disabled. This was a priority of LA Metro and California Transit Unions. 
TRANSIT OPERATOR SAFETY  
The bill requires DOT to perform a rule-
making on transit operator safety to address the growing concern of violence against transit workers. This was a priority of Cali-fornia Transit Unions. 
ALLOWING PARATRANSIT COORDINATED FARE  
STRUCTURES TO CONTINUE —LOS ANGELES  
COUNTY ISSUE  
The bill allows Access Services paratransit 
provider of Los Angeles County to continue using a tiered, distance-based coordinated paratransit fare system. For over 20 years, Access Services has had a DOT approved tiered fare structure that averages all the fares of 44 transit agencies into 2 fares. For riders traveling under 20 miles the fare is $2.75 and for riders traveling over 20 miles the fare is $3.50 (these paratransit fares are dramatically lower than the rest of the coun-try). DOT was going to require Access Serv-ices to change their fare structure by Jan. 1, 2016 based on confusing formulas for each in-dividualized trip a disabled customer takes. 95% of the public comments from the ADA community strongly opposed this change. This provision will allow Access to continue operating with their current tiered fare structure. 
BUY AMERICA  
The bill increases the domestic content re-
quirement for buses and transit rail cars from 60% to 70%. 
INNOVATIVE FUNDING ALTERNATIVES GRANT  
PROGRAM  
The bill creates a $15–$20 million/year 
grant program to allow states to experiment with alternative transportation user fees such as vehicle miles traveled taxes. Cali-fornia would benefit from this program be-cause we are implementing one of the only alternative transportation user fee pilot pro-grams in the country. 
NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND  
INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU  
The bill creates a new Bureau within the 
office of the Secretary to streamline the ad-ministration of the TIFIA and RRIF loan programs, private activity bonds, and the new freight program. California and Los An-geles County in particular has been a large recipient of TIFIA and RRIF loans but many agencies have complained at how long, bur-densome, and bureaucratic the process is. This Bureau will address these concerns. 
FUNDING FOR LOCALLY OWNED BRIDGES ON THE  
FEDERAL -AID HIGHWAY SYSTEM  
The bill fixes a major concern Los Angeles 
County had with the last transportation bill (MAP–21) which only allowed bridges on the National Highway System to be funded by the National Highway Performance Pro-gram. A lot of locally owned bridges in Cali-fornia are on the federal-aid highway system 
and previously received direct bridge funding but no longer do because they are not on the National Highway System. This bill allows all locally owned bridges on the federal-aid highway system to be eligible for funding in the National Highway Performance Pro-gram. 
PARK AND RIDE RELINQUISHMENT  
The bill allows states to relinquish owner-
ship of park-and-ride lots to local govern-ments if they wish. This was a big priority for CALTRANs and local CA MPOs like LA Metro because some local agencies would like to take ownership of state park-and- rides in order to invest in them and improve their performance within regional, multimodal transportation systems. 
HOV DEGRADATION STANDARDS IMPACT ON  
CALIFORNIA  
The bill allows for California or a local 
transportation agency to apply for a waiver from the current HOV degradation standard. It also requires the state or local agency to have a plan to improve their HOV oper-ations. Fixing problems with how the cur-rent HOV degradation standard works in California was a major priority of CALTRANs and local MPOs. 
The current HOV degradation standard re-
quires HOV lanes to maintain an average speed above 45 mph 90 percent of the time during peak hours. This standard does not take into account the specific transportation concerns of each state. The most recent data indicates that 60 percent of California’s HOV network is degraded under the current fed-eral standard, but it also indicates that ‘‘re-current congestion’’ is not a primary source of degradation in California. Other variables such as inclement weather, traffic incidents, or unforeseeable nonrecurring congestion have a greater impact on HOV lane perform-ance in California. The point of the federal standard is to address manageable traffic policy which is recurrent congestion. Since degraded facilities must be brought back into compliance under this federal law, the high levels of degradation in our state will require scarce resources to correct a problem that, in the majority of cases, is relatively infrequent and unpredictable. This bill al-lows the state to request a waiver from this unreasonable standard. 
CONGESTION MITIGATION AND AIR QUALITY IM -
PROVEMENT (CMAQ) PROGRAM FUNDING FOR  
LOCAL TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS  
The Conference Report continues to allow 
local California Transportation agencies to fund transit, congestion management, and bicycle/pedestrian projects with Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality (CMAQ) program funds. The original House and Senate bills contained provisions that local CA transpor-tation agencies strongly opposed that would have restricted their ability to use CMAQ funds for actual transportation projects. 
NO PREEMPTION OF CA MEAL AND REST BREAK  
LAWS FOR TRUCKERS  
The conference report does not include a 
provision from the House bill that would have preempted state meal and rest break laws as they apply to the trucking industry. The original provision in the House bill was a direct attack on a recent court decision in California that ruled that California truck drivers were entitled to meal and rest breaks under California labor law. 
The California Department of Labor and 
the California Teamsters strongly opposed the original House bill provision. 
NO COMPREHENSIVE OIL SPILL RESPONSE PLAN  
SECTION THAT WAS OPPOSED BY CALIFORNIA  
The bill does not include Section 7011 of 
the original House bill that required federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.011 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8992 December 3, 2015 
oil spill response plans for railroads. This 
section was strongly opposed by the Cali-fornia Department of Natural Resources be-cause it would preempt state law and Cali-fornia’s ability to impose their own rail oil spill response plans. 
PRIVATIZING ENGINEERING  
The bill does not include language requir-
ing or incentivizing states to outsource pub-lic engineering work. We must continue to support states that hire public engineers in order to protect the public interest. 
NATION -WIDE TRUCK SIZE AND WEIGHT ISSUES  
NOT IN THE BILL  
The bill does not increase truck sizes with 
double 33s or weights to 91,000lbs. (l.c. ‘‘el’’). There were attempts to increase truck size and weights but they were strongly opposed by CA Sheriffs Association, CA Peace Offi-cers Assoc. (PORAC), and CA highway safety groups. 
PORT PERFORMANCE INCLUDED WAS A CONCERN  
I am concerned that the bill includes a pro-
vision to require the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics to collect data on port per-formance freight statistics at the nation’s top 25 ports. I am glad this provision was amended in Conference to create a working group which includes labor representatives and port representatives that will determine how the port performance statistics program will be implemented. 
WIFIA FIX INCLUDED  
The Conference Report fixes a problem 
with the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) loan program from WRRDA 14 that prohibited local water agen-cies from combining tax exempt debt (i.e. municipal bonds) with WIFIA loans. This Conference Report changes that and allows water agencies to use municipal bonds (which are a major source of their revenue) as the local match to federal financing pro-vided by the WIFIA. This fix to WIFIA was strongly supported by CA water agencies in-cluding ACWA and CASA. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Water Resources and En-vironment. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 22, Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO, Chairman 
GRAVES , Ranking Member N ORTON , and 
my colleagues on the committee for coming together to craft bipartisan legislation that provides States with the certainty they need with this 5- year bill, which will provide long-term infrastructure planning. 
The FAST Act builds on the reforms 
that we did in MAP–21 to ensure that projects are completed in a timely manner. I was pleased to see that a number of priorities that are impor-tant to my district have been included in this legislation, including that of re-forming the broken Compliance, Safe-ty, Accountability program, which en-sures that motor carrier safety ratings are fair and accurate. 
As the subcommittee chairman on 
Water Resources and Environment, we worked to get a provision into WRRDA called WIFIA. In this bill, we put in a provision to allow WIFIA loans to be used in conjunction with tax-exempt bonds to leverage private capital. This will help our infrastructure needs and 
clean water projects. This is an impor-tant loan guarantee program that is similar to TIFIA, which provides mu-nicipalities with additional funding for water infrastructure projects. This will complement programs like the Clean Water SRF Project. 
I urge the support of this bipartisan 
legislation, which provides certainty and makes a good investment to pro-vide transportation in order to move commerce and people in the future. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
FAST Act, which authorizes $305 bil-lion over 5 years for highways, transit, and rail, including Amtrak. Although many of us would have preferred much higher funding levels, the conference agreement provides an increase in funding of $12.8 billion above the House bill and $26.8 billion in guaranteed funding above fiscal year 2015 levels. The funding increase allows us to pre-serve core highway and transit pro-grams and to still invest in new key areas. 
New York State will get an addi-
tional $1.5 billion above current levels in highway and transit formula funding over the life of the bill, of which an es-timated $500 million will go to projects in New York City. 
The bill provides $4.5 billion for the 
new freight program, originally created in the House bill for large-scale, multimodal projects that are critical to our regional and national economy. This was a key recommendation of the freight panel on which I was the rank-ing member, along with Mr. D
UNCAN as 
chairman, and I am very proud that it is included in the final conference re-port. 
The bill increases funding for transit, 
including the major programs that ben-efit New York, such as section 5340— High-Density States program, the State of Good Repair program, and cap-ital investment grants, and it preserves the ability to flex other transportation funding toward major transit projects. 
I am mostly pleased that the con-
ference report authorizes $10.2 billion over 5 years for intercity passenger rail, including $8 billion for Amtrak; dedicates resources for Northeast cor-ridor improvements; and provides $200 million to help commuter railroads im-plement positive train control. It also increases the liability limit on rail pas-senger accidents to $295 million, retro-
actively, to help cover claims for those killed or injured in the Amtrak derail-ment outside of Pennsylvania last May. 
I commend Chairman S
HUSTER , 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and my fel-
low conferees for all of their hard work in finally bringing a long-term trans-portation bill to fruition. It has been too long. I am glad we finally did it. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this conference report. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Trans-
portation Conference Report, now called the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act of 2015. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , and Ranking Member D EFAZIO, for 
developing a bipartisan bill that we can all be proud to support. 
The Conference Report authorizes $305 bil-
lion over five years for highways, transit and rail, including Amtrak. Although many of us would have preferred higher funding levels closer to the Administration’s GROW America Act, the conference agreement provides an in-crease in funding of $12.8 billion above the House bill and $26.8 billion in guaranteed funding above FY15. Every state will get an increase in transportation funding. New York State will get an additional $1.5 billion above current levels in highway and transit formula funding over the life of the bill, of which an es-timated additional $500 million will go to projects in New York City. The funding in-crease allows us to preserve these core pro-grams, and still invest in new key areas. 
The bill provides $4.5 billion for the new 
freight program, originally created in the House bill, for large scale multimodal projects critical to our regional and national economy. This was a key recommendation of the Freight Panel that I co-chaired with Mr. D
UNCAN , and 
I am very proud that it is included in the final Conference Report. 
For over a decade, we have made various 
attempts to address major freight projects that are too big or complex for states to address on their own. The PNRS program that we cre-ated in SAFETEA–LU was meant to address such projects, but was divvied up into many, relatively small, earmarks. In MAP–21, the PNRS program was reauthorized, but subject to appropriations, and never received any funding. This bill finally gets it right, and pro-vides guaranteed, dedicated funding to ad-dress goods movement throughout the coun-try. 
In addition to the grant program for large 
multimodal projects, the bill includes a new freight formula program to the States passed as part of the Senate bill, and it requires stra-tegic planning at the state and federal level. All of these programs together will bring about unprecedented resources to fund freight projects that are long overdue and critical to our economy. It is a ground breaking achieve-ment, and one of the things that sets this bill apart from its predecessors. 
The bill increases funding for transit, includ-
ing all the major programs that benefit New York. The Conference Report not only re-stores, but increases, funding for the High Density State program under Section 5340 that provides approximately $100 million for transit projects all across New York State. The bill includes a 20% increase in funding for the State of Good Repair program, and it in-creases funding for Capital Investment Grants. 
The conference report does not include lan-
guage restricting the ability of transit agencies to use other transportation programs, such as CMAQ and TIFIA, to fill the gap in federal funding for transit New Starts, which Mr. L
IPIN-
SKIand I fought against in the House bill. The 
bill maintains the historic 80/20 split between highway and transit funding, and it provides enough finding to create a robust Bus & Bus Facilities grant program that will benefit all fifty states while dedicating resources to the pro-grams upon which our urban centers rely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.012 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8993 December 3, 2015 
I am also pleased that the Conference Re-
port authorizes $10.2 billion over five years for intercity passenger rail, including $8 billion for Amtrak, and dedicates resources for improve-ments along the Northeast Corridor. The bill includes language to help the Gateway project compete for future funding, and it authorizes a new consolidated grant program to help rail-roads make safety and reliability improve-ments. Additionally, the bill dedicates $200 million to help commuter railroads implement Positive Train Control, and it increases the li-ability limit on rail passenger accidents to $295 million retroactively to help cover claims for those killed or injured in the Amtrak derail-ment outside of Philadelphia in May of this year. 
Overall, this is a balanced bill that will pro-
vide certainty and reliability for transportation agencies over the next five years. It would have been my preference to provide signifi-cantly more funding to address the major backlog of investment needs on our roads, bridges, transit and rail, but given the political reality this Conference Report is something we can all be proud to support. It increases fund-ing for core programs, addresses new critical areas, and although it includes a few objec-tionable provisions, it is generally free of major poison pills. 
I commend Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO, and my fellow conferees, 
for all their hard work in finally bringing a long term transportation bill to fruition. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this Conference Report. 
Thank you. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express con-
cerns regarding a particular provision in the bill before us today. The provi-sion in question retroactively increases a Federal statutory cap on liability to cover one railway accident that oc-curred earlier this year. 
b1200 
Mr. Speaker, retroactive legislation 
is not always unconstitutional, but it is clearly disfavored. The Supreme Court outlined in a case called Eastern Enterprises v. Apfel, and I quote: 
‘‘Retroactivity is generally 
disfavored in the law, in accordance with the ‘fundamental notions of jus-tice’ that have been recognized throughout history. In his ‘Com-mentaries on the Constitution,’ Justice Story reasoned: ‘Retrospective laws are indeed generally unjust; and, as has been forcibly said, neither accord with sound legislation nor with the funda-mental principles of the social com-pact.’’’ 
Mr. Speaker, while recognizing that 
retroactive legislation is constitu-tional in some instances—limited in-stances, I might add—none of those in-stances would clearly appear to apply to the provision in question. 
The Supreme Court further stated, 
‘‘Our decisions . . . have left open the possibility that legislation might be unconstitutional if it imposes severe retroactive liability on a limited class of parties that could not have antici-
pated the liability, and the extent of that liability is substantially dis-proportionate to the parties’ experi-ence.’’ 
In the case of the provision in ques-
tion in the bill before us today, the retroactivity imposes severe increases in liability—almost a 50-percent in-crease, in this case—on a limited class of parties who could not have antici-pated that liability. 
While I support reasonable compensa-
tion for those who have been done legal injury, I am concerned that this par-ticular provision may not pass con-stitutional muster. For that reason, I would register my concern. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L IPIN-
SKI). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the FAST Act, which will create jobs, boost the economy, ease congestion on our roads and rails, and improve our quality of life. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for pro-
ducing this bill and thank them for working with me in committee, on the House floor, and on the conference committee to make this bill better. 
Recommendations made by our 
Freight Panel, led by Chairman D
UN-
CANand Ranking Member N ADLER last 
Congress, led to new provisions that will improve the efficiency of freight movement and ease congestion on our roads and rails. This is critical for our Nation’s freight hub in northeastern Il-linois as we continue the CREATE rail program and other large freight projects. 
The bill includes revisions I authored 
to create Buy America content, deploy zero-emission buses, and improve tank car safety standards, which will produce more American jobs, protect the environment, and improve commu-nity safety. 
The FAST Act will also improve pub-
lic transit and active transportation infrastructure and safety. Commuter rail safety will be increased through PTC grants, and this bill prepares us for the future by including research provisions from my FUTURE TRIP Act. 
I would like to thank Science, Space, 
and Technology Committee Chairman S
MITH for working with me on this. 
Thanks, finally, to my staff—Andrew Davis, Jason Day, Eric Lausten, and Shawn Kimmel—and all the committee staff for their work on this bill. 
We have more work to do. This bill 
will not solve all of our transportation problems, but this bill is a big step for-ward for jobs and for surface transpor-tation in our Nation. 
I urge my colleagues to approve this 
conference report. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ), a hardworking member of 
the committee. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman and ranking member for all their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address 
the long-term nature of this highway bill. 
After 35-plus extensions, the upper 
and lower Chambers of Congress are sending the President a 5-year highway bill. I want you to think about that. We haven’t had legislation this long that provided certainty and confidence to our States in over 10 years. 
Before coming to Congress, I was a 
general engineering contractor. I built those highways, roads, bridges, and dams. I also previously served on the Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada, and I know what it takes to invest in infrastructure. 
I will be honest. These short-term 
patches would have been a disservice to our States and our districts. They need long-term certainty to build a master plan for the future. 
Many may not understand the as-
pects of what it takes to actually build infrastructure in our Nation. It is not all about just going out and investing a dollar and going and building a high-way, a railroad, or other infrastruc-ture. It takes a lot to go through the NEPA process and the engineering processes before you can even get to the point where you can turn a shovel of dirt. 
So we need to make sure that we find 
other funding mechanisms for the fu-ture. We need to start today and recog-nize that we need to plan for the future and invest in this country so it has quality infrastructure for our safety and the needs of this country. 
While the funding mechanisms are 
not perfect, we are moving in the right direction and putting our Nation back on the path to prosperity. That is why I proudly stand here today as a con-feree to support this long-term funding bill. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
this certainly is a great day for the people in this country, and I want to thank the leadership on this com-mittee. 
I believe wholeheartedly that this 
surface transportation bill will give the economy just the type of boost it needs. A long-term transportation bill will strengthen our infrastructure, pro-vide quality jobs, and serve as a tool to put America back to work long-term. 
This important legislation includes a 
critical freight grant program, addi-tional funding for transit systems and pedestrian safety program, includes funds to speed the implementation of positive train control, improves the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improve-ment Financing loan program, and cre-ates a disadvantaged business enter-prise program at the Federal Railroad Administration. 
It also includes additional funds for 
Amtrak, moves us closer to restoring passenger rail for the Gulf States, and protects our ports from unnecessary paperwork. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.013 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8994 December 3, 2015 
Transportation and infrastructure 
funding is absolutely critical to this Nation. If properly funded, it serves as a tremendous economic boost. For every billion dollars we spend in trans-portation, it generates 44,000 perma-nent jobs. When we pass this legisla-tion, we will put millions of hard-working Americans back to work to fix our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure and prepare our country for the future. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no better 
present for the people in this country than to pass this transportation bill. 
Merry Christmas, and God bless 
America. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS), a hardworking 
member of the committee. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution grants this body the power to regulate commerce with for-eign nations and among the several States as well as the power to establish post offices and post roads. 
Maintaining and improving our Na-
tion’s infrastructure is an important constitutional responsibility that we, as Members of this body, have, which is exactly why I told voters what I want-ed to do when I came to Washington was to work together in a bipartisan fashion to address issues just like this transportation bill is going to address. 
What does this bill mean to the vot-
ers in central Illinois who sent me here? It means about 80 percent of all of the road projects that are funded in my State of Illinois are funded by Fed-eral dollars. 
The vision that has been laid out in 
this bill—and we could argue about the pay-fors, whether they are not perfect. But we can also show the American people that we can work together to re-build our Nation’s crumbling infra-structure. 
I am confident that as soon as this 
bill passes overwhelmingly today, under the leadership of Chairman S
HU-
STER , he will begin debating how we 
move into the future in our next trans-portation bill. That is what is great about service on this committee. 
I want to commend Chairman S
HU-
STER , Chairman G RAVES , Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO, and all the hard-
working members of this committee who put a great bill together. 
Everybody has stood up and said it is 
not perfect, but no bill that comes out of this institution is perfect. We don’t always get everything we want, Mr. Speaker. But what we get is a long- term plan that is allowing our States to continue to plan and rebuild our roads and bridges. 
I also want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER because he helped new leaders on 
our committee become leaders in transportation. I want to talk about C
RESENT HARDY , who just spoke a few 
minutes ago. He was able to show his constituents that he is able to lead on transportation issues and work to-gether to get things done. J
OHN KATKO , GARRET GRAVES —these 
are new members of the committee that are able to go back to their con-stituents and show governing and bi-partisan success. 
This is what we came here to address, 
Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the minority whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I want to congratulate 
both Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO for 
their work on this bill. I want to thank the Senate, as well, for their work and their leadership. 
This is a good week, in many re-
spects. We passed yesterday, on an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, a bill to make sure that our education sys-tem works better. Today, we will pass, by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, a bill to give more stability and invest-ment to our infrastructure in America. Those are good things. 
I lament the fact that, although the 
previous speaker talked about a sound, long-term fiscal path for infrastructure investment, my own view is we don’t do that. We do better than what is but not what we ought to do. 
My own view is that we need to dedi-
cate the user fee we call the gasoline tax at a level which has not been raised since 1993 to a level that will in fact put us on a path to fiscal stability and certainty for our infrastructure pack-age. 
But this is a good package, and I 
want to thank my friend B
ILLSHUSTER  
for his leadership. Very frankly, that was critical to getting us to this point, not only on his side on the aisle but on 
our side of the aisle as well. And I want to thank Mr. D
EFAZIO. 
As has been said, this is not a perfect 
reauthorization. We ought to stop say-ing that because nothing we pass is perfect. What we hope for is the good, and this is good. It is a compromise. All these efforts are critical to cre-ating the kind of environment that en-courage private-sector development and job growth. 
At the same time, I am very pleased 
that a wide majority of Members, near-ly every Democrat and most Repub-licans, worked together to ensure that this conference report includes a multiyear reauthorization of the Ex-port-Import Bank, supported by a ma-jority of Republicans and all but one Democrat. 
It is unfortunate that Congress, 
through inaction by the Congress, al-lowed the Ex-Im Bank to shut down in July. Now, it didn’t actually shut down, but it had no authority to guar-antee loans, which cost us jobs. 
We are changing that policy in this 
bill. Today, we are coming together to reopen it so that it can help American businesses and workers compete on a level playing field in overseas markets. 
During the time the Bank was shut 
down, businesses began shifting jobs overseas and others refrained from in-vesting here because of the uncertainty over whether it would reopen. Today, that certainty will be restored. To that extent, the Export-Import 
Bank is in the same position that Gov-ernors and mayors and county execu-tives all over this country will be put in by this bill, giving them some degree of certainty that there will be a cash flow for infrastructure projects, bridges, roads, and other transpor-tation items. 
I want to thank again Ranking Mem-
ber M
AXINE WATERS for her work on 
the Export-Import Bank and D ENNY  
HECKand G WEN MOORE for their work 
that led to this provision in the trans-portation bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield an additional 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land. 
Mr. HOYER. I also want to thank, 
who showed great courage and great leadership, S
TEPHEN FINCHER of Ten-
nessee and F RANK LUCAS of Oklahoma, 
my Republican colleagues, without whom this Export-Import Bank provi-sion would not be in this bill. I con-gratulate them for their courage and their leadership. 
I thank again P
ETER DEFAZIO and 
BILLSHUSTER . 
This is a good day for our country. 
This is a bipartisan day for this Con-gress. And I urge my colleagues to sup-port this product. 
b1215 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ), one of the 
newest members of our committee. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the conference report for the FAST Act. 
As a member of the House Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure, I am pleased this bill reflects the com-mittee’s hard work. This legislation makes a fundamental investment in our Nation’s roads, bridges, and infra-structure, providing long-term cer-tainty for local governments and en-suring the efficient movement of con-sumer goods. 
Importantly, it also streamlines the 
environmental review and permitting processes to ensure transportation projects stay on time and on budget. 
I was pleased that three provisions of 
significance to my district were in-cluded in the final bill. One directs De-partment of Transportation to study the effects of marijuana-impaired driv-ing. The second would incentivize the use of innovative pavement material. The third would help address conges-tion in HOV lanes. 
This 5-year bill is fully paid for and 
will put a stop to short-term exten-sions that are costly to taxpayers and create significant uncertainty for local and State governments. 
I am pleased to support this historic 
bill coming before the House floor today, and I thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
for his hard work in making this bill a reality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.039 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8995 December 3, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in support of the FAST Act, our first long-term surface transpor-tation bill in nearly 10 years. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their 
bipartisan leadership. It has truly been an honor to work on a committee where we can show the American peo-ple that we know how to work to-gether. 
Mr. Speaker, transportation moves 
our economy. Passing the FAST Act will shift America’s infrastructure into higher gear. This legislation brings American families tens of thousands of new good-paying jobs while promoting safer, more efficient travel on our transportation infrastructure. It sends more dollars to our local communities, who know their needs best. 
I will associate myself with the re-
marks of my colleague Representative B
ROWN when I say that this is a won-
derful gift to the American people for this holiday season. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank Chairman S HUSTER and Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO for their work and ex-
press my appreciation for the oppor-tunity to serve as a conferee. 
There are several significant items in 
this bill that fall within the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
Chairman G
OODLATTE and I were also 
deeply involved in another part of this important bill: efforts to enact mean-ingful and effective permit stream-lining reforms. Enacting legislation to streamline the Federal permitting process has been among my primary goals. 
The RAPID Act, my bill to improve 
and review permitting timelines, has passed this House on three occasions 
on a bipartisan basis. Our goal has been to fix the flaws in our Federal permit-ting process that too often doom projects, leaving millions of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars in eco-nomic activity on a bureaucrat’s desk. 
This year, we worked with our col-
leagues Senators P
ORTMAN and M CCAS-
KILL on this important project. The 
amendment we offered on the floor dur-ing House consideration of this meas-ure represented a carefully crafted compromise that further achieves these goals. It was the product of a bi-partisan cooperation, and I am proud that these provisions were included in the conference report we are consid-ering today. 
This conference report is an example 
of the many ways that we can reach across the aisle to find solutions to problems facing us. Our priorities will make lasting reforms that are sure to improve our infrastructure and strengthen our economy. I am glad they will be made law through the en-actment of this conference report. This 5-year bill establishes certainty, 
stability, confidence, and, most impor-tantly, trust. I am a States’ rights guy, and the less Federal Government in my life, the better. Congress has removed obstacles for the States, who know best what is needed for their infrastructure. We must continue to remove impedi-ments for our States to move into the 21st century without job-crushing regu-lations. 
Please support this bill. This bill will 
improve the quality of life for all Americans. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire as to the time remaining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon has 10
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Penn-sylvania has 8 minutes remaining. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. N
OLAN ), a member of the 
committee. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to begin by getting the attention of our chairman over there and thank-ing him for the terrific job that he did, as well as our ranking member, Mr. D
EFAZIO. It was a real treat. It was, for 
me, a take-back to an earlier time when regular order prevailed around this place. 
Quite frankly, that is how you fix 
things and get things done. It is not al-ways just a matter of attitude; it can be a matter of process. When you have a chair and a ranking member that welcome all members to bring their ideas before the committee, to have an opportunity to have them discussed, examined, argued, and debated, that is how you bring people together. That is how you fix things. That is how you get things done. 
I would also be remiss if I didn’t 
thank the staff, both the Republican and Democratic staff. You all worked so hard and late into the night and long hours, day after day, getting us to this point. I thank my own staff assist-ant, Eddie Wytkind, in particular, for the work that he has done on this. 
With regard to the bill itself, you 
know, finally, after kicking this can down the road some 34, 35 times, we fi-nally have the kind of long-term sur-face transportation legislation that people in this country have been crying for and begging for so that we could begin fixing the roads and the bridges that are falling down and the trains that have been coming off the tracks. 
It is a good, nonpartisan piece of leg-
islation that will allow our States, our counties, and our cities to plan accord-ingly. Of course, that brings with it greater efficiency. 
It will put a lot of people back to 
work. Everyone has told us that infra-structure, transportation is funda-mental to our ability to grow jobs, to grow our economy, and to strengthen business opportunities. 
I am particularly grateful for our Du-
luth amendment that solves a par-ticular little problem, but an impor-tant one, that we have there with re-
gard to logging trucks on our Main Street. 
Last but not least, I want to com-
mend the leadership for including the reauthorization of Ex-Im Bank with this. As we all know, it is a great bank-ing institution that helps us reduce the deficit and creates jobs throughout the country, including the Eighth District of Minnesota. 
Thank you to all who were a part of 
moving this important legislation for-ward. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to be here today. 
This is a historic event. For 10 years 
now, we have been doing patches and temporarily providing funding for our roadways. It costs taxpayers money to do that, to do these temporary exten-sions, to compartmentalize the fund-ing. You have to take projects, and you have to separate them into smaller pieces. You have to pay for contractors to come out and to leave and to come back again. I will say it again: It costs taxpayers money to continue to do these patches and these temporary ex-tensions. 
This is historic because it provides 5 
years of funding. It provides funding certainty. 
Having run a large-scale infrastruc-
ture program for a number of years, I am well aware of the difficulty caused by doing these temporary patches and the increased cost. I will tell you, I think it results in less safe roads. It ab-solutely doesn’t deliver what taxpayers deserve. 
The other great thing about this bill 
and a reason that it is historic is that it is bipartisan, something that has been lacking for some time now, to see that Members on both sides come to-gether on something as important as infrastructure funding. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , I 
want to thank Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIO, respective staff directors Chris and 
Kathy, and everyone who worked on this bill on the conference staff. I know you put in a lot of time and you gave up your Thanksgiving. I want to thank you very much for all the work that has been done. 
This bill also increases funding for 
transportation. It results in nearly a 10-percent increase in investment in in-frastructure. In the case of Louisiana, we will see a $100 million increase in the fifth year of this bill—a $100 mil-lion increase just in that one year as compared to current funding levels. We need these funds. 
Something else important in this bill 
is the grant program that was estab-lished in the House bill for nationally significant corridors, for freight cor-ridors, $800 million to $1 billion a year to address these large-scale infrastruc-ture needs that have not been ad-dressed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.041 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8996 December 3, 2015 
In the case of my home State of Lou-
isiana, we are in dire need of a new crossing on the Mississippi River. Get-ting across that extraordinary bottle-neck, where the interstate drops down to one lane—the only place in the United States—is a great need that we have. It causes incredible traffic prob-lems. 
Addressing roads that need to be up-
graded, like LA 1, Highway 30, con-necting Walker to Gonzales, addressing a Pecue Lane exit, upgrading Highway 90 to interstate standards—projects that are in dire need and cause na-tional implications because of their in-ability to efficiently move commerce across this country, Louisiana being one of the top export States in the United States. 
This bill also ensures that the roads 
are safer, ensures that we address at- grade rail crossings, ensures that we have the right safety mechanisms in place to ensure that we are not going to have fatalities associated with driv-ing and traffic accidents. 
Importantly, this bill addresses tech-
nology. Mr. Speaker, we are still using traffic light technology from the 1920s. It is 2015. We can actually do on our telephones what took mainframe com-puters decades ago. 
This bill establishes a framework to 
ensure that innovation, to ensure that competition is actually integrated into our traffic management systems so we are not sitting around at traffic lights when no other cars are there, to ensure that our cars can communicate with one another, our phones can commu-nicate with traffic lights, where we can really take intelligent transportation systems to the next level. 
It expedites the NEPA and environ-
mental review process to ensure that we are getting dirt turned and getting roads in place as soon as possible while still respecting the environment. 
It, importantly, includes something 
that we were pushing very hard, the Sport Fish Restoration and the Boat-ing Safety Act, ensuring that boat safety, ensuring that sport fish and res-toration, ensuring that the CWPPRA program continues to move forward and we have those important restora-tion activities. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I just want to 
say I appreciated very much the oppor-tunity to be a conferee. This is a his-toric bill. And I want to urge: In-creased funding, safer roads—this is the right direction for this country. Support this conference report. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague from Oregon for yielding. 
The bipartisan highway conference 
compromise before us is just that, a compromise. But, despite its faults, I will support it. 
While this bill adequately funds our 
Nation’s long-term highway infrastruc-ture needs, which our communities des-perately need, it does fall short of mak-ing the robust long-term investments 
our crumbling infrastructure truly needs. 
I am pleased the bill does take an im-
portant step to protect consumers by prohibiting companies from renting or loaning out dangerously recalled vehi-cles for the first time. I have spear-headed this effort for years in honor of Raechel and Jacqueline Houck, two young sisters who were killed by their rented vehicle that was under recall. 
To be clear, this is an important step 
for consumer safety. But I am dis-appointed that, during conference, companies with fewer than 35 rental or loaner vehicles were exempted. Unfor-tunately, by our bowing to special in-terests, some consumers will still be at risk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mrs. CAPPS. However, we will con-
tinue to build on the important step of holding large rental companies and auto dealers accountable until, one day, all Americans can be confident that the cars that they drive are safe. This is our goal: that all rental cars be safe for their drivers to engage in as they rent them. 
b1230 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I have already thanked 
the committee staff. They did do a fab-ulous job. 
I also want to recognize others who 
were involved: the Senate staff of the Committee on Environment and Public Works; the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation; and the Committee on Finance. 
Over here, we are a little more con-
solidated when we deal with these issues. The Senate is a little more spread out, but that is the Senate. They were all involved and all a crit-ical part of this product. 
I also want to thank some others, be-
yond committee staff. The House Leg-islative Counsel, led by Curt Haensel, has provided a tremendous assistance in the drafting of this very extensive legislation, as well as the staff of the U.S. Department of Transportation, particularly the Federal Highway Ad-ministration. 
Curt Haensel and Carolyn Edwards of 
FHWA have been involved in every sur-face transportation bill since the nine-ties, and their expertise was invalu-able. We come up with policy ideas, but they have to figure out a way to lay down the legislative language so that we accomplish those goals. So they did great work. 
Mr. Speaker, this is, as many have 
said, historic for this Congress and re-cent Congresses in terms of the bipar-tisan nature of it and the fact that we 
are putting in place long-term assur-ances for major investments that our country needs for our transportation infrastructure. But it is a starting point. This is not the end. 
It provides certainty and modest 
funding increases for the next 5 years, but it does not even rise to the level of assuring that our transportation infra-structure 5 years from today will be in a better state of repair than it is now. 
There are tremendous unmet needs 
out there. This will help, but it is not the overall solution. Numerous times we have moved money from the general fund into the highway trust fund. We are again engaging in that activity here. The total, at this point, is $145 billion. 
I don’t resent moving general fund 
money, but I think there are better ways and more certain ways and more robust ways to finance the future of our investments in infrastructure. 
So we can say today we are cele-
brating, as we should, but there is more work to do. Next week, we should begin anew and recognize that we have to work together—Democrats and Re-publicans, truckers, transit agency, 
builders, and shippers—to find a way to restore the user fee mechanism to fi-nance these investments. 
President Eisenhower is often cred-
ited with establishing the Interstate Highway System, which now bears his name. Actually, Congress designated the system in the forties, but it was not until 1956 that Congress, with then- President Eisenhower, developed a user fee system to actually construct our incredible interstate system. 
So we need to work together to 
renew the mandate and find a path for-ward for long-term, sustainable fund-ing for these critical investments. Cel-ebrate today, but it is back to work to-morrow. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In my closing, I would like to take 
this opportunity to thank my House colleagues on both sides of the aisle, members of the committee, and the conferees. 
There was broad, bipartisan support 
of this bill. There are over 250 Members of this House that contributed to the bill. Working together on this impor-tant piece of legislation I think proves to the American people that we can get big things done. 
I would also like to thank Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO. He has been a real partner in this. 
We certainly had our moments of dis-agreement, but we were able to work through it and get a bill which he and I say is a good, solid piece of legisla-tion. And, through that effort, we were able to achieve that. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
G
RAVES and Ranking Member N ORTON  
for their hard work and support in this effort. 
I want to thank the vice chair of the 
full committee, Mr. D
UNCAN , who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.042 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8997 December 3, 2015 
chaired two important panels last Con-
gress, one on freight movement and one on public-private partnerships. From that work with a cross-section of the committee and across jurisdic-tional lines of the subcommittees, they were able to produce recommendations that became critical parts of this bill. So I thank Congressman D
UNCAN from 
Tennessee for his work. 
Finally, I thank the Speaker of the 
House. In becoming Speaker, he told the Conference and our House he was going to make sure we did regular order. This bill is a product of regular order. He had an open process on the House floor. We dealt with over 103 amendments specific to the transpor-tation portion of the bill but then an-other 20 or so that dealt with provi-sions in this bill. 
So it was an open process, and, again, 
I want to thank Speaker R
YAN for 
keeping his word to the Members of this body to have regular order and an open process. 
I also want to thank my Senate col-
leagues and their conferees for their ef-forts in putting together this bill. 
I want to thank the House and Sen-
ate Legislative Counsel, who don’t often get a whole lot of credit, but I thank Curt Haensel, Tom Dillon, Rose-mary Gallagher, Karen Anderson, and Tim Brown, for their efforts in writing up this bill and helping us throughout this process. 
Finally, I want to thank the staffs of 
both the majority and minority of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. As I said in the opening re-marks, they worked through the Thanksgiving holiday, a lot of long hours, and they are dedicated to the work of this committee. We wouldn’t be here today without their efforts. I thank them from the bottom of my heart for their efforts. 
I will include in the R
ECORD the 
names of those committee staff people because it is a long list and I don’t want to screw anybody’s name up. I just want to say thanks again for their long hours in getting this bill put to-gether and brought to the floor. 
TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE  
COMMITTEE STAFF  
REPUBLICAN T&I STAFF  
Chris Bertram, Matt Sturges, Jennifer 
Hall, Murphie Barrett, Geoff Gosselin, Mary Phillips, Alex Etchen, Caryn Moore Lund, Nicole Christus, Kristin Alcalde, Jim Billimoria, Clare Doherty, Keith Hall, Justin Harclerode, Holly Woodruff Lyons, Hannah Matesic, Collin McCune, Tracy Mosebey, Anna Oak, Max Rosen. 
Beth Spivey, David Connolly, Arielle Gior-
dano, Fred Miller, George Riccardo, Adam Twardzik, Kevin Rieg, Isabelle Beegle-Levin. 
DEMOCRAT T&I STAFF  
Liz Cooney, Kathy Dedrick, Jen Gilbreath, 
Ashley Guill, Russ Kelley, Ward McCarragher, Ben Lockshin, Auke Mahar- Piersma, Andrew Okuyiga, Luke Strimer, Helena Zyblikewycz, Ryan Sieger, Jennifer Homendy, Alexa Old Crow. 
Mr. SHUSTER. The FAST Act is ab-
solutely critical to America and our economy. I think everybody speaking here today laid out the many provi-
sions. It is important to America. 
I would encourage my colleagues to 
all support this bipartisan, bicameral agreement. And I believe it will have strong support today. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge everybody to 
vote for this bill. It is good for Amer-ica. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE COM-
MITTEE ON CONFERENCE H.R. 22, F IXING  
AMERICA ’SSURFACE TRANSPORTATION ACT 
Title XLIII of the Joint Explanatory 
Statement provides a summary of section 43001 concerning requirements in agency rulemakings pursuant to this Act. Section 43001 of the House amendments to H.R. 22 was not agreed to in conference and does not appear in the conference report to accom-pany H.R. 22. The summary of section 43001 in the Joint Explanatory statement there-fore appears in error. Accordingly, title XLIII of the Joint Explanatory Statement has no effect. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased 
that we were able to come together to find a longer-term solution for our nation’s infrastruc-ture. We cannot keep operating on short-term fixes. Investments in our country’s infrastruc-ture need certainty. Though I would have pre-ferred to see greater funding levels across the board, I am pleased to see provisions such as the High Density States Program are pro-tected and funded for the next five years. While I will vote for this bill because it puts Americans back to work and allows our state and transit authorities to do long-term planning for our crumbling infrastructure, I must high-light some of the reasons this bill falls short. 
The most substantial decreases in injuries 
and deaths on our roads and highways oc-curred as a result of major safety advance-ments, such as requiring seatbelts and airbags in all new cars. Today, we have a vehicle title that does not include such a safety advance-ment and does little to improve safety. This was a missed opportunity. This bill could have included meaningful safety improvements, such as imminent hazard authority to allow NHTSA to expedite a recall order when nec-essary, a requirement that ensured recalled used cars are repaired before they are sold, safety standards for rear seat crash-worthiness, and the elimination of regional- only recalls that no longer make sense for our increasingly mobile world. And civil penalties should have been higher so that sacrificing safety will not be treated as a ‘‘slap on the wrist’’ or just another cost of doing business. 
Instead, this vehicle title includes provisions 
that take a step backwards on safety and that could actually lead to more injuries and deaths on our roads. For example, it includes a provi-sion that exempts an unlimited number of rep-lica cars—that is, new cars made to resemble old cars—from vehicle safety laws, clean air requirements, and state emissions testing. It also includes a whistleblower provision that will not encourage, and may effectively dis-courage, whistleblowers from reporting serious safety problems to the government. And even the promising rental car provision section, which requires rental car companies and auto dealers to repair recalled cars before renting or loaning them to customers, was weakened by excluding those that have a fleet of fewer than 35 vehicles. I am disappointed that the bicameral, bipar-
tisan process failed to craft a vehicle title that actually enhances safety. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of this bipartisan transportation author-ization, the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act, also known as the FAST Act. 
I thank the Chairman for his leadership on 
this bipartisan transportation reauthorization. 
This is a 5-year bill that provides both budg-
etary certainty and project flexibility for our states and localities so that they may invest in and upgrade our transportation system and do so with more innovative technologies and ap-proaches. 
The certainty provided by this long-term bill 
also saves money by stopping the short term patches that complicate planning and yield cost overruns. 
As a representative in Northern Virginia, I 
know too well the traffic congestion issues we face and appreciate that this bill provides much-needed assistance in this area. 
I am pleased to have served on the Con-
ference Committee for this bill, and pleased that numerous provisions from one of my bills on congestion relief and research were in-cluded. 
This measure will help promote the develop-
ment of transportation technologies and tools for congestion relief. 
The bill also includes some of my provisions 
related to Metro safety and accountability that I worked on with my DC and Maryland coun-terparts, Ms. H
OLMES NORTON and Ms. 
EDWARDS . 
Again, I thank everyone involved in this 
process. 
I urge my colleagues to support the FAST 
Act. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, now that the 
House has approved the conference report I would like to recognize and commend my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for sup-porting the inclusion of bill language in H.R. 22 (Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act of 2015) that will help protect consumers from the longstanding problem of predatory towing. 
For some time now, egregious vehicle tow-
ing and storage practices performed by some unscrupulous companies have been a serious concern in many parts of the country. While the vast majority of towing and storage firms are honest and well-intentioned, some have been engaged in predatory business tactics designed to delay access to vehicles and in-crease costs for consumers. Because these companies have possession of vehicles, they are in a position to take advantage of con-sumers and charge excessive towing and stor-age fees. 
For reasons that are not entirely clear, cur-
rent Federal law allows states to regulate some, but not all aspects of tow truck oper-ations, limiting their ability to protect con-sumers from predatory towing tactics. The lan-guage included in the amendment introduced by myself and Rep. V
ANHOLLEN broadens the 
authority of states and localities to regulate tow truck operations, which is limited by cur-rent motor carrier law. This additional authority will now allow states and localities to regulate all aspects of tows conducted without the prior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.043 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8998 December 3, 2015 
consent or authorization of the owner or oper-
ator of a vehicle. The language is also in-tended to apply to accident scene and break-down towing, to allow states to protect con-sumers who are often unable to make an in-formed choice and give meaningful consent or acknowledgment on towing in those situations. 
I want to thank the conference chair and 
vice chair for their support of this important provision. I would also like to thank my prede-cessor, Jim Moran, who was a champion on this issue for so long and first introduced this language during the 109th Congress. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, today is a his-
toric day, as we are voting for a five year sur-face transportation reauthorization bill that pro-vides critical investment to our roads and bridges. This will help keep America competi-tive and provide certainty to states and com-munities planning infrastructure projects. 
However, it is irresponsible that neither the 
House nor the Senate has worked on serious reforms. We have not adjusted the user fee for our infrastructure in 20 years or considered new, sustainable revenue streams. Instead, we have spent valuable time searching for short term gimmicks. Make no mistake; I am disappointed with the offsets in this bill. We should not be robbing the banks or Customs to pay for our roads and bridges. 
This is fiscally irresponsible. At some point, 
we have to say enough is enough. That time has come. We need a long-term, robustly funded bill. We missed an opportunity with this legislation, but we in Congress must work to-gether to continue finding common ground on innovative ideas to ensure the Highway Trust Fund has a sustainable revenue source. We cannot allow our children and grandchildren to pay for the investments we should be making now. 
As a Conferee, I was happy to work with 
Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIO, and my Senate Colleagues on important 
roadway safety issues, such as preventing heavier trucks from driving on our local roads. 
This bill fully funds the Highway Safety Im-
provement Program, which invests in infra-structure like guardrails, rumble strips, and retroreflective signs. While you will never read the headline, ‘‘Rumble strip saves family of four,’’ this program saves lives every day and for that reason alone, I urge my colleagues to support this bill today. 
Additionally, I was pleased to see common- 
sense provisions that I championed included in the final agreement. For example, I intro-duced the Local Farm Vehicle Flexibility Act to make sure farm vehicles are not regulated like long haul trucks. Today, this highway bill in-cludes language to prevent farmers from get-ting tickets for driving from field to field without covering their load. 
It makes crude oil being transported by 
freight rail safer and gives first responders more time to react in the unlikely event of a derailment by including top fitting protections for the pressure relief valves. It also includes language that I strongly support to reduce pa-perwork burdens on concrete truck drivers. 
I worked with my fellow conferees to en-
courage the use of U.S. iron and steel in roll-ing stock frames and car shells. This provision will increase use of U.S. iron and steel in the fabrication of rolling stock frame and car shell components and subcomponents. 
Finally, many of the policy ideas that I intro-
duced in the Safer Trucks and Buses Act were incorporated in this final version. We must 
work to make sure we fix the important safety score program so that good decisions can be made on scores that actually represent truck and bus safety records. 
Investing in infrastructure is good for the 
economy and good for America. I am happy to vote for this long term bill and look forward to working with my colleagues on policy ideas that could be included in a comprehensive tax reform bill to ensure the Highway Trust Fund has a sustainable funding source. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Conference Report to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015,’’ a bill to authorize Federal Funding for highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs. 
I thank Transportation and Infrastructure 
Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO 
and the House and Senate Conferees for their work in bringing the Conference Report for the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor for a vote. 
It is good to see the spirit of bipartisanship 
return to the process of funding our nation’s transportation needs. 
As the former Ranking Member of the 
House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I am well aware of the importance of our nation’s transportation sys-tem. 
A well-functioning transportation system is 
critical to the nation’s prosperity. 
Whether it is by road, transit, aviation, rail, 
or waterway, we rely on our transportation system to move people and goods safely, fa-cilitate commerce, attract and retain busi-nesses, and support jobs. 
Houston is the fourth most populous city in 
the country; but unlike other large cities, we have struggled to have an effective mass tran-sit system. 
Over many decades Houston’s mass transit 
policy was to build more highways with more lanes to carry more drivers to and from work. 
The city of Houston has changed course 
and is now pursuing mass transit options that include light rail. 
This decision to invest in light rail is strongly 
supported by the increased use by Houstonians in the light rail service provided by previous transportation appropriations bills. 
The April 2014, Houston Metropolitan Tran-
sit Authority report on weekly ridership states that 44,267 used Houston’s light rail Service— representing a 6,096 or 16% change in rider-ship in April of last year. 
This increase in light rail usage outpaced 
ridership of other forms of mass transit in the city of Houston: metro bus had a 2.3% in-crease over April 2013; metro bus-local had a 1.3% increase over April 2013; and Metro Bus-Park and Ride had an 8.0% increase over April 2013. 
On February 5, 2013, the Houston Chronicle 
reported on the congestion Houston drivers face during their daily commute to and from work. 
The article reported that Houston com-
muters continue to experience some of the worst traffic delays in the country, according to the 2012 urban mobility report. Houston area drivers wasted more than two days a year, on average, in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,090 in lost time and fuel. 
Funds made available by the legislation will 
be available for the construction of the Univer-sity rail line and support of local government 
decisions by the Houston Metropolitan transit Authority and the city of Houston to expand rail service. 
More needs to be done to address the 
transportation needs of our nation from rural communities to major metropolitan areas. 
I appreciate that two Jackson Lee Amend-
ments are included in the underlying bill. 
The first Jackson Lee Amendment ensures 
that the goals of improving transportation effi-ciency and safety take into consideration the topic of public safety, a rest stop, and public parking that is funded by this bill. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment requires the 
Transportation Secretary to report to Congress on the security of locations that are intended to encourage public use of alternative trans-portation, as well as personal transportation parking areas. 
An essential part of the success of public 
transportation usage is the ability of auto-mobile drivers to park their vehicles in safety. 
More than 1 in 10 property crimes occur in 
parking lots or garages. 
The report will provide an opportunity for 
Congress to do more to enhance the safety of parking areas that are used by students, women, seniors, disabled, and other vulner-able members of the public. 
The Bureau of Justice Statistics provides a 
detailed report on the place of occurrence for violent and property crimes from 2004 through 2008. 
For example, purse snatchings and pocket 
pickings typically occur away from home. 
According to Bureau of Justice Statistics 
28.2% of purses snatched occur in open areas such as the street or on public transportation. 
The inclusion of this Jackson Lee Amend-
ment will lead to enhanced safety of car pool parking lots, mass transit parking; local, state, and regional rail station parking; college or university parking; bike paths, walking trails, and other locations the Secretary deems ap-propriate. 
The Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that 
victimization and property crimes occurring be-tween 2004 and 2008 in parking lots and ga-rages include: 213,540 victimization crimes that occurred in noncommercial parking lots and garages; and 864,190 property crimes. 
The Bureau’s report on victimization crimes 
that occur at public transportation or in sta-tions was 49,910 and property crimes was 132,190. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will make sur-
face transportation travel safer. 
More importantly, it will increase safety of 
the traveling public, especially women, sen-iors, students, disabled persons, and children. 
The second Jackson Lee Amendment in-
cluded in the Conference Report provides a report to Congress from the Secretary of the Department of Transportation on the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ (IoT) and its potential to improve transportation services to the elderly and per-sons with disabilities as well as assist local, state and federal transportation planners in achieving better efficiencies and cost effective-ness, while protecting privacy and security of persons who use IoT technology. 
The IoT refers to the wireless environment 
that will support networking of physical objects or ‘‘things’’ embedded with wireless electronic components, software, sensors, and network connectivity technology, which enables these objects to collect and exchange data on peo-ple, places and things. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.023 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8999 December 3, 2015 
The IoT will introduce the functionality of 
computing into physical space as computing technology is integrated into devices and sys-tems. 
It will also challenge the privacy and secu-
rity of users of the technology if precautions are not taken to ensure that information on these devices is not protected. 
This Jackson Lee Amendment will allow 
Congress to take into consideration how IoT technologies can be used to make public transportation, safer, more convenient to the elderly and disabled, and how it may improve mass and personal transportation efficiency. 
The ability to include wireless technology 
into physical things or support communication among digital devices that may be nearby or at distances will offer many benefits to con-sumers. 
IoT products are already being deployed for 
personal, recreational, city planning, public safety, energy consumption management, healthcare, and many other applications. 
Today, local governments are working to in-
corporate IoT services into transportation; gar-bage pickup, as well as the provision of wire-less connectivity for their residents. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will help en-
sure that we harness the benefits of the ‘‘Inter-net of Things’’ for the travelling public and minimize the threats to privacy and cybersecu-rity presented by this new and exciting tech-nology. 
This is a good bill and I encourage my col-
leagues to support its passage. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
offer comment on the FAST Act. 
I will support the bill. This is a strong, multi- 
year reauthorization which includes des-perately needed funding for infrastructure re-pair and investment. I commend Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for 
their work in producing a bipartisan bill 
I will also take this opportunity to remind my 
colleagues of a priority of mine to promote storm-resilient construction projects within the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). 
The concrete products industries in my dis-
trict in southern New Jersey has much to offer in helping the country build its transportation infrastructure. I know that many of my col-leagues have similar constituent companies and workers, and I urge them to take note of my comments. 
I was pleased to support language in MAP– 
21 that was designed to help incorporate per-meable pavements into the FHWA mission. Many of us on the eastern seaboard learned the utility of permeable pavements on Superstorm Sandy, and what flooding can do to our districts without warning if we are not prepared. I am happy to report that that lan-guage in MAP–21 dealing with permeable pavements is making good progress toward technological innovation that will Improve storm water mitigation, water quality, and more while providing aesthetically appealing paving surfaces. 
I will remind my constituents in New Jersey 
that, while the FAST Act overlooked an oppor-tunity to take that technology further, I am still looking for ways to move permeable pavement technologies into the mainstream where they can benefit our constituents and save taxpayer money as well. 
In accordance with that goal, I submit the 
following material on passage of the FAST Act, and I hope that staff at FHWA and that the House and Senate will take note as well. MAP–21 authorized the Secretary to con-
duct technology transfer and adoption of per-meable infiltration paving materials, practices, and systems that are designed to minimize environmental impacts, stormwater runoff, and flooding. Prior to MAP–21 and since, extreme rain events like Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and Superstorm Sandy, have underscored the need for stormwater mitigation. We encourage the Secretary to accelerate work on per-meable pavements in anticipation of future events like Katrina, Rita, and Sandy. The Sec-retary is encouraged to conduct research on full scale load testing in permeable pavements for street, highway, and road shoulders to de-crease environmental impacts and enhance sustainability. The Secretary is encouraged to conduct permeable pavement projects that demonstrate flood control and stormwater pol-lutant and volume reductions, including mitiga-tion of impacts from superstorms and hurri-canes, and life cycle cost analysis compared to conventional impervious pavements. Projects may include re-use and integration of permeable pavements with other cost-effective 
water conservation practices designed to treat, reduce, or remove pollutants by allowing stormwater runoff to retain infiltration capability similar to predevelopment hydrologic condi-tions, and for stormwater harvesting. 
We hope that FHWA will act upon language 
in Sec. 1428 of the FAST Act and previously existing authority to improve infrastructure in-tegrity by adding innovative segmental wall technology for soil bank stabilization and road-way sound attenuation, and articulated tech-nology for hydraulic sheer-resistant erosion control—areas in which emerging technologies could improve deliver marked benefits in sur-face transportation. Examples of emerging technologies that could meet the goals of this Act include cost effective segmental retaining walls that can make use of native soils and re-duce construction costs, durable geosynthetic soil stabilization and anchoring, more durable articulated segmental unit slope protection and erosion control that are more resistant to hy-draulic sheer and overtopping than riprap, and segmental roadway sound attenuation barriers that can give planners more options and help reduce procurement costs. We hope the Sec-retary will place primary emphasis on activities designed to assist state and local transpor-tation agencies in reducing initial cost of con-struction of retaining walls, slope protection and erosion control, and sound attenuation barriers using high-quality transportation-grade materials, designs and engineering tech-niques. Specific activities might include valida-tion of technology materials, soils require-ments, design methodologies and engineering data; research to develop current, accurate scientific data on the performance of geosynthetic reinforcement for structural char-acteristics; a cost-sensitivity analysis to assist state and local authorities in projecting initial construction cost savings to life cycle require-ments while providing competitive reliability; calibrating design methodologies based on tests of instrumented, full-scale testing of walls and barriers, slope stability, and segmental sound attenuation assemblies. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 22, the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation (FAST) Act. This long-term authorization of surface transportation programs will provide the certainty that states and municipalities need to plan and build out critical transpor-
tation infrastructure projects. 
This 5-year, $305 billion measure rep-
resents a bi-partisan compromise to help re-pair our crumbling infrastructure and secure our economic future while creating thousands of good paying jobs. As both a conferee to the transportation bill and the senior Texan on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, I can say with strong confidence that this legislation is a good-faith effort to make the important investments in our transportation infrastructure that our nation so desperately needs. While there are some shortcomings in the bill and some of us would like to have higher levels of investments be included, this bill will still help to further new and existing projects for the long-term. 
I am pleased to see that this bill supports 
research and development, including expand-ing university transportation center outreach to women and underrepresented populations. In going forward, I hope that we can do more to elevate our nation as a leader in multimodal transportation innovation. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans demand more in-
vestment in infrastructure and it is the respon-sibility of this Congress to make that invest-ment. I applaud Chairman S
HUSTER and Rank-
ing Member D EFAZIO and other members from 
the various committees of jurisdiction for their hard work on this bill. Passage of this legisla-tion is a strong first step in keeping America competitive and helping to build and maintain our nation’s critical transportation infrastruc-ture. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 546, 
the previous question is ordered. 
The question is on the conference re-
port. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 359, nays 65, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 673] 
YEAS—359 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.022 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9000 December 3, 2015 
Dold 
Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) 
Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner 
Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—65 
Amash 
Amodei Blackburn Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Culberson DeSantis 
DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Grothman Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Issa Jones Jordan Labrador Lamborn Marchant Massie McClintock Miller (FL) Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Palmer Pearce Pompeo Posey 
Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Roskam Salmon Sanford Schweikert Smith (TX) Stewart Tipton Walker Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Yoder Yoho 
NOT VOTING—9 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Johnson, Sam Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta 
Takai Williams 
b1325 
Messrs. CLAWSON of Florida and 
WALKER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. HOYER, Ms. ESTY, and Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the conference report was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 672 
on final passage of H.R. 8, the North Amer-ican Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘aye,’’ which is con-sistent with my position on this legislation. 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on December 3, 2015, I was unable to vote on the Conference Report to accom-pany H.R. 22, the Surface Transportation Re-authorization and Reform Act of 2015 (rollcall No. 673). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not able to vote today for medical reasons. 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 666, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 667, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 668, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 669, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 670, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 671, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 672, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 673, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, 
December 3rd, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to family rea-sons. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall 666, on ordering the Previous Question providing for further consid-eration of H.R. 22; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 667, on H. Res. 546, providing for consideration of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 22; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 668, on the Cramer Amend-ment to H.R. 8; ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall 669, on the Rouzer Amendment to H.R. 8; ‘‘nay,’’ on roll-call 670, on the Pallone Amendment to H.R. 8; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 671, on the motion to recom-
mit H.R. 8; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 672, on passage of H.R. 8; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 673, on passage of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 22. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, De-
cember 3, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not re-corded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like the record to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legis-lative business. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘no’’ on rollcall 666, the previous question pro-viding for consideration of the Conference Re-port to Accompany H.R. 22. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 667, the 
rule providing for consideration of the Con-ference Report to Accompany H.R. 22. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 668, the 
Cramer Amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 669, the 
Rouzer Amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 670, the 
Pallone Amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 671, the 
Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 8. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 672, final 
passage of the North American Energy Secu-rity and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 673, 
Agreeing to the Conference Report to Accom-pany H.R. 22. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
correct the R ECORD regarding my vote 
on H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act. 
On final passage, I voted ‘‘yes’’ and I 
actually intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
H.R. 8 contains a number of provi-
sions that would negatively impact the environment and undermine our Na-tion’s ability to move away from fossil fuel. 
This legislation would undermine 
previously enacted initiatives to mod-ernize America’s energy infrastructure and increase our energy efficiency and capacity and would provide unneces-sary handouts to the fossil fuel indus-try at a time when we should be focus-ing on expanding our Nation’s clean, renewable energy portfolio. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring 
of the majority leader the schedule of the week to come. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House 
will meet at noon for morning hour and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.025 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9001 December 3, 2015 
2 p.m. for legislative business. No votes 
are expected in the House in order to accommodate Members going to the White House event. 
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 
10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. Members are ad-vised that the first votes of the week are expected mid-afternoon on Tues-day. 
On Wednesday, the House will meet 
at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legis-lative business. 
Last votes of the week are still to be 
determined, but Members are encour-aged to keep their schedules flexible as we approach the end of the year. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. Included will be a bill to make urgent and necessary changes to the Visa Waiver Program. 
H.R. 158, sponsored by Representative 
C
ANDICE MILLER , will close loopholes in 
the visa waiver system to prevent ter-rorists from exploiting the system to come to America to wreak havoc. 
The House has identified a host of 
recommendations to improve the visa waiver system in a bipartisan way. I do want to thank the gentleman for his work and cooperation on this critical bill. 
In addition, the House will consider 
H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Prop-erty Protection Act, sponsored by Rep-resentative M
ACTHORNBERRY , which 
will provide legal certainty to property owners in Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, the House may also 
consider the conference report to H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, as well as a bill to extend certain provisions of the Tax Code. 
Additionally, it is possible that the 
House will consider an omnibus appro-priations act. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House may 
also consider budget reconciliation, if the Senate acts on that measure. 
b1330 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that information. 
I want to also thank him for the 
work that he has done on the Visa Waiver Program. His staff and my staff and the staff on Homeland Security on both sides of the aisle and the staff on the Judiciary Committee on both sides of the aisle, including the leaders on both sides, have worked very hard. 
I think we have come up with a bi-
partisan effort to keep America safer while at the same time providing for access to people who do not pose a threat to America or to Americans. 
I thank him for his leadership on 
that. I am pleased to have had the op-portunity to work with him, and I look forward to the bill’s passing with big majorities next week. So I thank him for that. Mr. Leader, there is indication that 
the appropriation bills, or the omnibus, as we are now calling it, will come to the floor. Can the leader tell me wheth-er or not we are making any progress on riders? 
Obviously, as I understand it, essen-
tially, we have agreement on the allo-cation of the dollars, which of course is the responsibility of the Appropria-tions Committee, and that is what they do. 
Clearly, we seem to be having dif-
ficulty with the so-called riders—that is, additions to the appropriations bill—which accomplish legislative ob-jectives either through a ‘‘none of the funds’’ provision or a legislative provi-sion which would require a waiver. 
Does the gentleman know whether or 
not we are making progress on elimi-nating riders that are controversial so that we can move the bill in a bipar-tisan fashion next week? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
As the gentleman knows, negotia-
tions are ongoing. The appropriators are working hard in trying to wrap up the bill, and I will advise the Members as soon as action is scheduled in the House. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that. 
Can I ask the gentleman again in 
terms of the timing of the omnibus. The existing CR, which is funding the government at the present time, ex-pires as of midnight on the 11th. Does the gentleman have any insight as to the scheduling of the omnibus? 
Presumably, we will have to pass it 
and give enough time for the Senate to consider it and then for the President to sign it. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
As the gentleman knows, wrapping 
up legislative business in December is always unpredictable. In knowing that the omni is a larger bill, we want to allow plenty of time for Members to be able to see it and read it, but it is our intention to get it done by the dead-line. 
If we have to move it a few days 
later, we shall. We are scheduled to be here until the 18th, but we will get our business done. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I understand that we are here until 
the 18th. Does the gentleman con-template the possibility of a short- term CR from the 11th to the 18th at any point in time? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Only if necessary. I would rather get 
it done by the 11th. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman, 
and I certainly share his view on that. It will be better for the country and better for the House if we do that. 
The gentleman also referenced tax 
extenders. Obviously, we have tax ex-tenders that expired in December of 2014, which have not been extended. 
Does the gentleman have any knowl-edge as to whether or not we have reached an agreement on a tax ex-tender bill and, if so, the substance of that and when it might be scheduled? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
As the gentleman knows, this side of 
the aisle did not want to wait on tax extenders, and many times we have passed the bills here to make them per-manent. 
There are ongoing negotiations. 
There is good movement, and I hope to see that done very soon. When it is, I will advise the Members of the action to be taking place. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Let me just observe to the majority 
leader, Mr. Speaker, that I have great reservations. I want to let the gen-tleman know that, on this side of the aisle, I think we have great reserva-tions about doing in this short time that we have left any kind of com-prehensive tax extender bill, which will adversely impact the possibility of tax reform, which all of us have said we want. 
But if we make a major effort on 
taxes now, particularly making many, many items permanent, some of which I support making permanent, it will have an adverse effect on the ability to do a big tax reform bill, bring cor-porate rates down, look at preference items, and try to make sure that we have a fiscally responsible piece of leg-islation. 
So I would hope that there is an al-
ternative, obviously, and that is a short-term bill that the Senate has passed and that that would be part of the discussions as a fallback. 
I don’t know that I am for a larger 
bill that I have heard about, but I would hope, certainly, that the alter-native that the Senate has passed would be an alternative if, in fact, we cannot get agreement on a bigger pack-age so that we will have, at least for last year and the year to come, some certainty with respect to tax con-sequences of certain actions that pri-vate businesses may be taking. 
I yield to my friend if he has any 
comment. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
As the gentleman knows, at times, 
we have philosophical differences. I think the greater certainty we can give to the American public, the more they can keep in their pockets and the stronger the economy is. I do not be-lieve that if we solve tax extenders that that harms us in any way in get-ting overall tax reform. 
But I do look forward to working 
with you on overall tax reform, and hopefully we can work in the same manner that we were able to on the Visa Waiver Program. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. As I said on the floor a little earlier 
today, this was a good week. We passed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.048 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9002 December 3, 2015 
an education bill in an overwhelmingly 
bipartisan fashion. Just a few minutes ago, we passed an infrastructure-high-way transportation bill with over-whelming bipartisan support. 
I hope America feels good about what 
we have been able to do this week, and I hope America and I and others can feel good about what we will do next week. 
Unless the gentleman has any further 
comments, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, 
DECEMBER 3, 2015, TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, December 7, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
ISHOP of Michigan). Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
SHIRLEY JOHNSON 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this morn-
ing, the Texas skies were not as big and they weren’t as bright. We lost Shirley Johnson, the wife of our hero and our colleague, S
AMJOHNSON . 
They were high school sweethearts 
and were married for over 65 years. The entire 8 years that S
AMwas being tor-
tured in Hanoi, Shirley kept a seat at the family dinner table for S
AM. She 
knew S AMwould come home. 
SAMcame home broken and battered. 
He worried, how would his family react to the new S
AM? As you can see, S AM 
had nothing to worry about. Led by Shirley, he was swarmed with love back home in Texas. 
Shirley is now among the heavens, 
and those Texas skies tonight will be as bright and big as ever. 
God bless Shirley Johnson. 
f 
NEW MEXICO’S EDUCATION 
SYSTEM 
(Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise to draw attention to the concerns and frustrations among parents, educators, business leaders, and so many others in my home State of New Mexico. 
Today, I voted in favor of the Every 
Student Succeeds Act because I believe this legislation is better, quite frankly, than the status quo, and it will work to improve our education system. However, we cannot forget that many 
of New Mexico’s schools are in trouble. These troubled schools stem from a lack of leadership at both the Federal and State levels. 
Unfortunately, the U.S. Department 
of Education has not held New Mexi-co’s leadership accountable for this failure. In fact, the Federal Govern-ment has enabled our States, including New Mexico, to put special interests ahead of student success. 
That is why Education Week ranked 
New Mexico as 49th out of 51, with a D- plus in preparing kids for college and a D-minus in K–12 achievement. 
This lack of accountability at the 
State and Federal levels is harming a generation of New Mexico students. New Mexicans deserve far better. It is time we had leaders who take responsi-bility for improving our schools and that hold each other accountable when their actions are failing students. 
While the ESEA moves beyond the 
status quo, more needs to be done to help our students. I hope we will work together to do that. 
f 
JAMES ZADROGA 9/11 HEALTH AND 
COMPENSATION REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT 
(Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to urge the House to bring the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act to a vote before the end of the year. 
On September 11, 2001, my wife and I 
were stationed at Fort Hood, Texas, celebrating the birth of our first son, Tommy. We watched in horror the at-tacks on the World Trade Center and on the Pentagon. Like many of you, we will never forget the brave efforts of the men and women who served as first responders on that tragic morning. 
Today, Tommy is 14 years old, and 
my children have grown up in a post-9/ 11 America. They will never know what America was like before those attacks, but they have been taught to look with 
pride at the heroes who risked their lives to help others. 
With that same pride, I rise today to 
ask my colleagues to support a bill that protects the benefits of those first responders. 
How often do we as politicians show 
up at 9/11 memorials to honor the first responders? How often do we talk about the heroes who rushed into those falling buildings when everybody else was running out? 
Now is our chance to do our part and 
give the men and women we call heroes the benefits they deserve. I encourage all of you to support the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act and bring it to a vote before the end of the year. 
f 
GUNS 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, over a 
month ago, I stood in this Chamber and delivered a message from San Diegans who were calling on Congress to expand background checks for gun purchases. Since then, Congress has done nothing. 
Last week, a gunman attacked a 
Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. What did Congress do? Noth-ing. 
Yesterday, there were deadly shoot-
ings in Houston, Savannah, and, in San Bernardino, 14 people were killed at a social services center. 
Today, here we stand in the only 
building in the Nation that could do something to curb this awful violence, and we cannot even get the Speaker of this House to let Congress vote to let us act on one of the several proposed laws that many of my colleagues and I support. 
Thoughts and prayers are not 
enough. Moments of silence are not enough. Maybe, Mr. Speaker, instead of a moment of silence, the American people could get a moment of action— a moment of action that might keep their communities from being next. 
If we want to honor these victims 
and their families, then we should do our jobs, and we should act now. 
f 
FAIR BURDENS ACT 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, the 
mass production of cheap, reliable en-ergy has powered the greatest expan-sion of wealth and opportunity in human history. It has resulted in high-er living standards and improved health in the United States and around the globe. 
Notwithstanding this too often ig-
nored reality, the President wants to commit the United States to even more stringent, anti-energy regulations than those currently in place. The Presi-dent’s Clean Power Plan alone is ex-pected to increase our energy prices by nearly $300 billion over the next 15 years and reduce annual job creation by over 200,000. 
According to the EPA’s only models, 
the impact of all of these rules on glob-al temperature increases will be near zero. 
The United States cannot effect 
change alone. China, the world’s larg-est polluter, and other top emitters of global CO
2emissions need to come to 
the table too. 
That is why, today, I introduced the 
Fighting Against Imbalanced Regu-latory Burdens Act, or H.R. 4169. This bill will prevent the EPA from impos-ing any restrictions on CO
2emissions 
from power plants unless countries re-sponsible for 80 percent of non-U.S. emissions have enacted similarly strin-gent policies. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
me in this effort. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.051 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9003 December 3, 2015 
b1345 
REMEMBERING MRS. BETTY 
FISCHER 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of longtime Tarrant County Democratic leader, Ms. Betty Fischer. 
In 1950, Ms. Fischer and her husband 
moved to Arlington, Texas, with their three children. Eight years later, she completely dedicated herself to Tarrant County Democratic politics. She served as a party volunteer. She was also the first woman chair of the party in 1982. She helped get one of our former Congressmen, Martin Frost, elected to office back during that time period. She was just a great person. 
I can tell you that, in addition to her 
work for the Tarrant County Demo-cratic Party and all her Democratic ef-forts, that she and her husband were also involved in the labor movement. She strongly believed that every man and woman in Tarrant County deserved the right to be able to take care of their family and make a decent living for them. 
In short, Ms. Betty Fischer did it all. 
There are very few left like her today. We were blessed to have her in Tarrant County. I am glad that our time on this Earth overlapped with each other, and I just wish her family all the best dur-ing this time period as they cope with their recent loss. 
f 
ACCESS TO GUNS 
(Mr. RICE of South Carolina asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, yesterday two terrorists mur-dered 14 people in a gun-free zone in San Bernardino, California, and my heart certainly goes out to the resi-dents of San Bernardino, all of Cali-fornia, and all of this country. 
The President’s response today, after 
revelations that these people had been radicalized and had traveled to the Middle East recently was that he felt they had ‘‘mixed motives.’’ His solu-tion to this is to propose restrictions for law-abiding citizens’ access to guns. 
I have two questions for the Amer-
ican public: 
One, do you believe that further re-
stricting law-abiding citizens’ access to guns would have solved this tragedy? 
Two, do you believe that this is the 
last time we will see radical Islamic terrorism on our shores? 
f 
HONORING PARKER WESTBROOK 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ great leaders, my friend, 
Parker Westbrook, who passed away last month at the age of 89. 
Parker and his vast love for historic 
preservation will be missed in Arkan-sas and throughout our country. Throughout his life, he was at the fore-front of preserving Arkansas’ history, earning the nickname, ‘‘Arkansas’s fa-ther of State preservation.’’ 
Parker received numerous awards for 
his work, including the Preservation Honor Award from the National Trust for Historic Preservation, and was ac-knowledged as a national treasure. 
For over 20 years, Parker and I 
worked together on the Historic Ar-kansas Museum, passionately expand-ing its exceptional museum and collec-tions of Arkansas-made art, furniture, and mechanical arts. I will miss his en-cyclopedic knowledge of all things Ar-kansas. 
I extend my warmest regards to and 
prayers for Parker’s many friends and loved ones. Parker Westbrook’s name will forever be preserved in our State and national history. 
f 
HONORING DARRELL ALLEN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Darrell Allen of Gar-land, Texas, who passed away on No-vember 10, 2015, as a result of wounds received while he was serving his com-munity. 
Darrell Allen was chief of police for 
the city of Marlin. He selflessly served his community, and he will be greatly missed. 
Darrell was born January 17, 1972, in 
Galveston, Texas. He graduated from Texas City High School and went on to obtain an associate’s degree in crimi-nal justice from McLennan Community College in Waco, Texas. In his pursuit to better serve his community, Darrell returned to school and received his bachelor in criminal justice in May of this year. 
Since he was a child, Darrell dreamed 
of becoming a police officer. He began his career in law enforcement in 1994 with the Galveston County Sheriff’s Department. Darrell’s distinguished ca-reer also included service with the Alvin Independent School District, the Hitchcock Police Department, the Dan-bury Police Department, the Arcola Police Department, the Harris County Precinct 6 Constable’s Office, and chief of police at the Lott Police Depart-ment. 
In 2005, Darrell joined the City of 
Marlin Police Department, where he proceeded to climb through the depart-ment ranks. He was promoted to assist-ant chief of police in 2006 and elevated to chief of police in 2009. 
As Marlin’s chief of police, Darrell 
focused his efforts on building police community relations and increasing ju-
venile safety. He consistently drove down the community’s crime rate. Today Marlin is one of the safest com-munities in America. His efforts gar-nered recognition for the Marlin Police Department from the Texas Police Chief Association’s Foundation for Law Enforcement Agency Best Practices Programs. 
Darrell worked tirelessly to better 
our central Texas community. He loved his city, and he left an enduring im-pression on those he served. This is evi-dent from the scores of residents who gathered together recently in memory of their fallen chief. He will forever be remembered for his devotion to public service, as a father to his children, and as a friend to countless Marlin citizens. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to the Allen family. We also lift up the family and friends of Darrell Allen in our prayers. 
As I close, I ask that all Americans 
continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who pro-tect us abroad, and for our first re-sponders who protect us here at home. 
f 
Honoring Diana R. Garland 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Diana R. Garland of Waco, Texas, who passed away on Sep-tember 21, 2015. 
Diana Garland was a teacher, dean, 
and a valued leader in the Baylor Uni-versity community. She led a full life and will be greatly missed in our com-munity. 
Diana was born on August 18, 1950, in 
Oklahoma City. She earned her under-graduate, master’s, and doctoral de-grees from the University of Louisville. After completing her degree, she went on to serve as professor of Christian family ministry and social work at the Southern Baptist Theological Semi-nary in Louisville. 
In 1997, Diana and her husband, 
David, moved to Waco and joined the faculty at Baylor University. One year later, Diana was named the director of the university’s Center and Commu-nity Ministries. Under her leadership, Baylor University expanded its social work program. Later when the univer-sity created the School of Social Work, she was appointed its founding dean. 
During the following decade, Diana 
oversaw the school’s rise to national recognition. Under her guidance, the School of Social Work grew to 20 full- time faculty members and 240 graduate and undergraduate students. During her tenure, she helped raise more than $7 million for research and established an endowment of $14.5 million. 
In 2010, Diana administered the 
school’s move to downtown Waco. This move allowed the school to triple its teaching and lab space. To commemo-rate her achievements as the school’s dean, the Board of Regents recently 
voted to name the university’s School of Social Work in her honor. 
In addition to her teaching duties, 
Diana was the author, coauthor, and editor of 21 books and more than 100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.053 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9004 December 3, 2015 
academic articles. Her literary works 
included: ‘‘Flawed Families of the Bible: How God’s Grace Works Through Imperfect Relationships’’; ‘‘Inside Out Families: Living the Faith Together’’; 
and ‘‘Why I Am a Social Worker: 25 Christians Tell Their Life Stories.’’ 
Diana was also the first lady of 
Baylor University while her husband, David Garland, served as the interim president from 2008 to 2010. 
Diana stepped down as dean on June 
1 of this year due to her battle with cancer. She enjoyed the last few months of her life taking in God’s beauty in Colorado. 
Mr. Speaker, Diana Garland left a 
strong legacy at Baylor University and touched the lives of many. She will be forever remembered as a cherished mentor, a loving wife, and a visionary servant leader. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to the Gar-land family. We also lift up the family and friends of Diana Garland in our prayers. 
As I close, I ask that all Americans 
continue to pray for our country dur-ing these difficult times, for our mili-tary men and women who protect us abroad, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
EXCESSIVE USE OF FORCE BY 
POLICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BOST). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) is rec-
ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ad-
dress this esteemed House of Rep-resentatives on an issue that is facing the American people, an issue that is facing our great Nation from coast to coast. This is the issue of wanton, senseless murders of unarmed young Black men and women throughout this Nation. 
This past year, Mr. Speaker, we have 
all seen on the many news platforms all across this Nation—the morning news, the noon news, the evening news—all have been punctuated with videotapes of unarmed Black men mostly, Hispanic men, men and women, boys and girls, teenagers, being shot down in cold blood by just a few—I want to emphasize ‘‘a few’’—rogue cops that hunt our Nation’s cities, that hide behind a badge and a gun. These rogue police officers operate not to serve and protect, but to commit murder and mayhem and use their badge, their offi-cial status to get away with it. 
b1400 
This popular television show, ‘‘How 
to Get Away With Murder,’’ could use many departments all across this Na-tion as a formula, indeed as the plot of ‘‘How to Get Away With Murder.’’ 
I bear witness that this has been 
going on, these murders—wanton, senseless, lawless murders—have been 
going on in this Nation for far too long. 
Last year, Mr. Speaker, at this same 
time I stood before the Members of this body sharing with the Members of Con-gress the life and the murder of my best friends in Chicago, Fred Hampton and Mark Clark. They were both mem-bers of the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party. 
They were young men full of leader-
ship abilities, young men who were committed to serving their neighbor, young men who were committed to try to uplift the African American commu-nity and similarly situated commu-nities all across this Nation. 
At this very time last year, I talked 
about December 4, 1969, the day that Fred Hampton and Mark Clark were killed by the Chicago Police Depart-ment and the State’s Attorney’s police department in my city of Chicago. They were shot. 
Our pathologists indicated that, at 
the time that the police raided their apartment, Fred Hampton lay sleeping in his bed, that he had been drugged with a drug called Seconal, and that Fred had in his body at the time of his murder enough Seconal to immobilize an elephant. That is what the science and our pathologists indicated to us. 
On December 4, 1969, at 4 o’clock in 
the morning, members of the Chicago Police Department sneaked into the streets on the west side of the city of Chicago in utility trucks, trucks that had been decorated with the signage of the local gas company, and came in with murder in their hearts. They knocked on the door of the apartment. 
Mark Clark answered: ‘‘Who is it?’’ The police at the front door said: 
‘‘Tommy.’’ 
Mark said: ‘‘Tommy who?’’ The police at the front answered: 
‘‘Tommy Gun, Tommy Gun.’’ 
At that time, after kicking the door 
down, they came in shooting with a machine gun and other automatic weapons, aiming to kill everybody in that apartment. 
After the first shot was fired in the 
front door, then that was a signal to those who were gathered in the rear, and they came bursting in, firing. Ninety-nine shots all total went into that apartment. 
A Federal grand jury indicated after 
the investigations were concluded that possibly only one shot exited that apartment. One shot fired out and 99 fired in. Cold-blooded murder 46 years ago. 
Fast-forward to today. All across this 
Nation cops are killing citizens, cold blooded, without any justification, and getting away with it. It is not only in Chicago, but all across this Nation, all across America. 
Dontre Hamilton was a 31-year-old 
African American male killed by the Milwaukee Police Department in Mil-waukee, Wisconsin, on April 30, 2014, just a little over a year ago. 
Eric Garner, an unarmed 43-year-old 
father, was killed by the New York City Police Department on July 17, 
2014, a little over a year ago. 
On August 9, 2014, Michael Brown, an 
18-year-old unarmed teenager, was killed by the Ferguson, Missouri, po-lice department, a little over a year ago. 
A little over a year ago, Mr. Speaker, 
Ezell Ford, an unarmed 25-year-old mentally ill man, was killed by the Los Angeles Police Department, Los Ange-les, California, August 11, 2014, a little over a year ago. 
Mr. Speaker, Laquan McDonald, a 17- 
year-old teenager, was killed by a member of the Chicago Police Depart-ment on October 20, 2014, a little over a year ago. 
A little over a year ago, Mr. Speaker, 
in Cleveland, Ohio, Tamir Rice, a 12- year-old boy, was killed by the Cleve-land Police Department on November 22, 2014. 
In the State of my birth, in DeKalb 
County, Georgia, Anthony Hill, a 27- year-old unarmed Air Force veteran, was killed by the DeKalb County Po-lice Department on March 6, 2015, less than a year ago. 
Less than a year ago, Nicholas Thom-
as, a 23-year-old unarmed Black man, again in my birth State of Georgia, in Smyrna, Georgia, was killed by the Smyrna Police Department on March 24, 2015, less than a year ago. 
Less than a year ago, Mr. Speaker, 
Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old Black man, while in custody of the Baltimore Po-lice Department in Baltimore, Mary-land, was killed on April 12, 2015, less than a year ago. 
We all remember Sandra Bland, a 28- 
year-old woman who was found hang-ing in a jail cell in Waller County, Texas, on July 13, 2015, less than a year ago. 
The list goes on, Mr. Speaker. November 16, 2015, Jamar Clark, a 24- 
year-old unarmed Black man, was killed by a member of the Minneapolis Police Department, less than a month ago. 
Mr. Speaker, there are many, many 
others. In my city, a few years back, about 3 years ago, Rekia Boyd was killed by a police officer who was out of uniform, firing over his shoulder and striking Rekia Boyd in her head, kill-ing her. 
The now-terminated ex-police super-
intendent of the Chicago Police De-partment, Garry McCarthy, at the time of Rekia Boyd’s murder had the un-mitigated gall to stand before the citi-zens of Chicago and say that this un-armed, young Black woman who was killed was the target, that the police officer aimed at the person who he killed. 
b1415 
This statement has been repudiated 
so many, many times. He fired over his shoulder into a crowd of people. 
There is a conspiracy in our police 
departments, a cancer in our police de-partments, all across our very Nation. State by State, urban area by urban 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.054 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9005 December 3, 2015 
area, large cities and small cities, 
young Black men and young Black women are targets, fair game, for some who are wearing a badge and a gun and hiding behind a uniform and a vow that they don’t believe in and that doesn’t govern their lives and their official and unofficial duty. 
They don’t believe in serving and 
protecting. They believe in: How can we commit murder and get away with it? How can we murder those who don’t look like us, murder those who we stereotypically view as criminals and thugs? We have a right because we wear a badge. We have a gun and we have a uniform to hide behind. We have an unmitigated right to shoot them down at will. 
There are laws in this Nation that 
protect even wild animals from being killed. 
In Chicago, Illinois, my city, there 
are only about 30 officers who have in excess of 10 citizen complaints against them. This police officer who was just indicted for the first time in the his-tory of our city—only one police officer indicted for the murder of an unarmed Black man in Chicago—had 18 citizen complaints against him—18—mostly for excessive use of force. 
Why was he even on the street? Why 
was he wearing a uniform? Why were our tax dollars being used to pay for his livelihood when he had no apprecia-tion for the lives and the rights of American citizens 18 times? 
He shot Laquan McDonald while 
Laquan was walking away from him. That is what the video showed. Laquan McDonald wasn’t even within 20 feet of this police officer, now ex-police offi-cer. 
But he shot him 16 times, 15 times 
when Laquan McDonald was on the ground. He couldn’t have threatened him at all. He fired 16 rounds, 15 of them while Laquan McDonald was on the ground. He fired 16 rounds in 15 sec-onds. 
Forty-six years later we have these 
kinds of police atrocities occurring throughout the Nation. It is up to this body, Mr. Speaker, this Congress, to fi-nally stand up and protect all of the people of this great Nation from these rogue cops who are roaming to and fro in our communities mercilessly, wan-tonly murdering our citizens, mostly Black and Latino young men and young women. 
Mr. Speaker, I will be introducing in 
a matter of days a resolution to estab-lish a permanent select committee on the excessive use of force by America’s police departments, a permanent and select committee on excessive use of force by America’s—yours and mine, the Members of this body—police de-partments. 
Mr. Speaker, if we can have a select 
committee on Planned Parenthood and women’s health, we can have a select committee on excessive use of force by America’s police departments. 
This select committee will be author-
ized and directed to conduct a full and complete investigation and study and 
to issue a report and recommendations of its findings to the House of Rep-resentatives regarding each of the fol-lowing: 
Number one, a uniform definition of 
excessive use of force; 
Number two, create national guide-
lines on excessive use of force; 
Number three, collect accurate and 
reliable data on police shootings and use of excessive force, both lethal and nonlethal; 
Number four, implement and create a 
national database to make available public data of citizen complaints filed against police officers and depart-ments; 
Number five, include demographic 
data on police officers involved in shootings in the Uniform Crime Re-porting Program; 
Number six, require mandatory FBI 
reporting of police departments on the number of justifiable homicides com-mitted by those departments; 
Number seven, create effective train-
ing methods and mental counseling of police officers to increase their under-standing of the word ‘‘threat’’ and weed out any indication of racial animus and hostility; 
Number eight, create adequate train-
ing for police officers dealing with mentally ill persons. 
Yes, we have mentally ill patients 
and police do not know how to deal with them. Under this resolution, this select committee will require training for our Nation’s police to deal with mentally ill patients. 
Number nine, require transparency of 
internal police discipline and police ac-countability; 
Number ten, report to this Congress 
on the rising cost of lawsuits and set-tlements that are indicative of prob-lematic policing and civil rights viola-tions and civil rights abuses. 
This is the resolution that I will be 
introducing over the next few days, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to conclude 
by repeating something that I said last year, and I intend to repeat this throughout the remaining days of my life. 
b1430 
The murders, the political assassina-
tions, the cold-blooded murders of Fred Hampton and Mark Clark on December 4, 1969, will not be in vain. 
The murders of American citizens, 
particularly young, unarmed African American boys and girls, Hispanic American boys and girls, other minori-ties, unarmed mentally ill Americans, unarmed White Americans, these mur-ders by America’s police agencies must come to a screeching halt. Justice de-mands it. This Congress ought to pro-mote it. 
This Congress, this esteemed body, 
ought to protect all of our citizens. We have to show and demonstrate, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that just because you have a badge, you wear a badge, just because you are dressed in a uni-
form, just because you have a gun, with a license to arrest and detain, just because you have those assets, those powers, you do not have a right, the authority, the power to commit cold- blooded murder. And don’t believe, not for 1 millisecond, that you will con-tinue to get away with it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
JUST ANOTHER DAY IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) is recognized for 
the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 25 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, today, like so many Ameri-cans, we are in utter disbelief that our country is once again left reeling after yet another horrific massacre of inno-cent Americans. There is grave concern that this has become the norm. 
In fact, this is how the BBC charac-
terized the shootings in California yes-terday: 
Just another day in the United States of 
America—another day of gunfire, panic, and fear. This time in California. 
But it could have been, as it was last 
week, in Colorado, or in Arizona, or Or-egon, or South Carolina, or Nevada, or Wisconsin, or D.C., or in Georgia, where it also transpired. 
In the capital city of Connecticut, in 
Hartford alone, there have been 28 deaths this year as a result of gun vio-lence. 
In 11 days, we will be passing and ob-
serving the third anniversary of the mass murder of schoolchildren and their teachers at Sandy Hook Elemen-tary School in Newtown, Connecticut. 
In the 3 years since that tragic day in 
2012, when many thought, ‘‘Well now, finally now, this innocence, this slaughter of innocent children, surely there will be change. Surely the United States Congress will take a vote. Sure-ly Congress will respond. They will take a vote. They will take action,’’ but as we did then, we will do next week. We will stand in silence, a re-spectful and heartfelt silence, for vic-tims of what happened in California and Georgia just yesterday. It is some-thing this Congress repeats in such a way that the BBC characterizes it as just another day in America. 
In the 3 years since that tragic day in 
December, in fact, there have been an additional—additional—1,000 mass shootings in the United States of America. One thousand mass shootings in the United States of America—that averages almost a mass shooting per day—and yet not a single vote, not a vote. Irrespective of where you stand on the issue, in the great Chamber 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.057 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9006 December 3, 2015 
where the country looks to for leader-
ship, not a single vote. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to put up this 
chart that I think graphically displays what has been going on in this country to illustrate a point—a sad point, no matter how you view this chart. 
Between 2001 and 2013, guns killed 
more people in the United States of America than AIDS, illegal drug overdoses, wars, and terrorism com-bined. Gun violence has taken more in-dividuals than all these other tragedies and calamities combined. 
Far more Americans have faced and, 
as the families of victims, they hear the remorse, they hear the platitudes, they observe the moments of silence and the laying of wreaths, but there is no action that comes from the United States Congress. These statistics should stagger anyone who reads them and compel Congress to take action, any action, to address this epidemic of gun violence. 
Now, I say ‘‘any action.’’ Whether 
you believe, as I do, that we should have commonsense, universal back-ground checks so that we keep guns out of the hands of criminals, the men-tally ill, and terrorists on a watch list, this is common sense. This is what I believe the Nation should be doing, and I believe, frankly, so do a majority of people in this Chamber and throughout this country, but we have yet to take a vote. We have yet, though there are bills on the floor, though they are bi-partisan. At least the Senate, in a bill sponsored by Senator J
OEMANCHIN , 
Senator P ATTOOMEY , put forward a 
reasonable proposition. 
Whether you believe that it is a pan-
acea or not or that it will somehow help, or maybe not, aren’t the citizens of this country, aren’t the families of the victims entitled to a vote? What do we owe our constituents if not a vote? 
If the United States Congress con-
tinues to remain silent, as it has, I sub-mit, we are complicit in these deaths every time we remain silent and every time we take no action. 
It doesn’t take a lot of courage, 
frankly, to vote. We are protected in this building by police. We are sur-rounded by armed guards. There is nothing that threatens any Member of Congress from doing his constitutional responsibility to vote. 
What takes courage is what Officer 
Garrett Swasey did just last week, giv-ing his life in the line of duty, defend-ing and protecting people under siege. 
b1445 
Mr. Speaker, do you want to talk 
about terrorist threats? There is real terrorism happening in America every day: more than 1,000 mass shootings since Sandy Hook, deaths on our streets due to gun violence. 
We could rush in a matter of days to 
this floor when an outrage occurred in Paris, rush to this floor in days with legislation to deal with refugees, and yet, in our own country, in our own cit-ies across this Nation and throughout our States, can we not have a vote in 
Congress? 
I recognize and respect the fact that 
people will disagree and perhaps think that background checks are not nec-essary or won’t solve the problem. Maybe that is true. I don’t believe so. But aren’t we entitled to a vote? Aren’t those victims of those families entitled to a vote? Do their voices mean any-thing? 
If the vote fails, the body will have 
spoken, and if the vote succeeds, this body will have spoken also and will have an opportunity to see its results and observe it. 
Mr. Speaker, that is how this great 
body works. To be denied the oppor-tunity to vote only, in my mind, makes us further complicit to the tragedies that are happening all across this country. 
Another day in America, another day 
of gunfire, panic, and fear. How about a day where Congress actually votes, where Members actually stand up and are accountable for what they say they believe in so no matter how you feel on this issue—and I truly respect people who disagree with me. 
But I would like to have the oppor-
tunity to vote the conscience of my constituency and the beliefs that I deeply hold. It would seem to me that, in this day and age, in this body, we ought to be able to do that. 
I recognize that there are probably 
not many people listening to my re-marks right now, and I realize that Americans are incredibly frustrated with the United States Congress in general because of its inaction on so many levels. 
But I urge anyone who is listening 
across America, whether you are op-posed to universal background checks or you are in favor of them, to call their Representatives and demand of them before they go home to enjoy the Christmas holidays, before we adjourn, that we take a vote on this issue. De-mand that we show you where we stand on commonsense background checks. 
If you really believe in your position, 
what is there to hide from? We need to take a vote. Americans need to know where we stand. This isn’t a profile in courage; this is our responsibility. 
This issue has been looked at, it has 
been studied, and it has supporters on both sides. There is a discharge peti-tion on the floor, but, frankly, this bill ought to be brought to the floor and voted on. 
It should be voted on in the Senate 
Chamber. It is my understanding that H
ARRY REID will include it as an 
amendment. The Senate then will have voted twice, and the House remains si-lent. We need to vote. 
In this body, in this great Chamber, I 
would much rather be known by the votes I have taken than the speeches I have made, the press releases that have gone out, and the 30-second sound bites that will follow. I would like to be known, as I believe all Members of this body would, for the votes I have taken standing up on behalf of my constitu-
ents. 
Above the podium of the Speaker, 
there is a famous quote from Daniel Webster, and I paraphrase that quote. Webster asked aloud of all Members of this body whether, in our day and gen-eration, we will perform something for which we will be remembered. I ask this body for a vote for which we will be remembered. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair and not to a per-ceived viewing audience. 
f 
SELF-DEFENSE ISSUES OF THE 
DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it was 2 
years ago this week that a precious life was cut short tragically. Kari Renee Hunt, a resident of Marshall, Texas, was murdered by her estranged hus-band in a hotel. 
They were in the hotel room. While 
the estranged husband was assaulting Kari, her 9-year-old daughter, while witnessing the murder, did what most parents teach their kids to do in an emergency. She dialed 911—and got nothing. 
Because what this precious 9-year- 
old—and the family hasn’t used her name publicly, so I will not either— what the precious girl didn’t know is what a lot of folks dialing 911 in that situation wouldn’t know, that you have to dial 9 before you can dial 911. In order to dial the 911, you need to dial the 9 prefix in order to get an outside line. 
Mr. Speaker, she didn’t know that. 
She was desperately trying to get help to save her mother before the assault turned into murder. She never got help, not in time. 
Kari’s father, Hank Hunt, has worked 
tirelessly to try to get something done. The State legislature in Texas has en-acted a law, but from the Federal Gov-ernment end, we can make it universal across the country. 
I do thank my friend Kevin Eltife for 
his work in the State legislature. 
Mr. Speaker, our bill is a little dif-
ferent. I was surprised to find out that, actually, most of the time, there is no cost whatsoever to requiring that a phone be furnished to a business or a home or anywhere where there might be a need to punch 9 to get an outside line—there is no cost to having a de-fault that you can dial 911 without the prefix, and it will go straight to the emergency help. 
Once I learned that, it became clear 
there was no reason not to have a law that just tells providers, provide the phone so that the default when you dial 911 is to get emergency help, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.058 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9007 December 3, 2015 
you don’t need a prefix to get an out-
side line. 
So, today, after a lot of help—again, 
I am thankful to Hank Hunt for his tireless work—a number of groups have made this easier to come together on language that was acceptable to most. There were a couple of objections, but this is the final language. 
So I want to thank Mark Fletcher 
with AH&LA, the American Hotel & Lodging Association; FCC Commis-sioner Pai; and the 911 Association. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill we filed today is 
H.R. 4167, and, as it says in the bill, the purpose is to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to di-rectly initiate a call to 911 without di-aling an additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix. That is the purpose. 
It is a short bill of three pages. If it 
had been the law 2 years ago, help would likely have gotten there before Kari’s murder was final. So, while this legislation will not reverse the heart-breaking loss of Kari, Kari’s law should prevent it from happening again. And when it doesn’t cost anything, why not? 
Mr. Speaker, I thank all of those who 
have helped, and, actually, I want to thank the news media in east Texas for being so helpful in bringing attention to this issue and helping us get to the point where we are. 
Now we have to get through com-
mittee and get it to the floor. We have Senators, one in particular, looking at it to bring to the Senate floor so we can get this done and make it law. 
There has been no veto threat on this 
bill, so I would doubt the President would refuse to sign it if we would just pass it. 
Since the shootings in San 
Bernardino, I guess it shouldn’t have been surprising that so many people would immediately call out for gun control even before they knew how Fa-rouk—the defendants, the shooters, the evil shooters, acquired their guns. 
It is interesting that I believe there 
were 13 bombs already made, a number of bombs already made. So if guns were completely outlawed in the United States, it wouldn’t change the evil in the hearts of radical Islamists who are bent on terrorizing and killing people. 
Mr. Speaker, it gets tiresome hearing 
people feel like they always have to say, ‘‘All Muslims we know don’t feel this way,’’ yet they have no conviction and no compulsion, when they con-demn Christians as being guilty of cru-sades, of saying, ‘‘But we know all Christians don’t feel this way.’’ 
I would submit, Mr. Speaker, that 
the fact is I don’t know whether that shooter in Colorado Springs was self- described as a Christian or not. He ob-viously was confused about his gender. 
b1500 
Maybe the next thing we will hear is 
that—since he apparently checked off— or it is reported that he had filed a reg-istration where he indicated he was an 
unaffiliated female, perhaps the next we will be told is that maybe, if he had been allowed to go into the little girl’s restroom in elementary school, he wouldn’t have later snapped and did those merciless killings. 
It has also been interesting—and, as 
a former prosecutor, a judge, also—I don’t know if there is anybody else in this body of 435 representatives or any-body in the Senate—I don’t know—who has ever been court-appointed to ap-peal a death penalty conviction as I was. 
Even though I begged the judge not 
to appoint me, he did. And I do believe in our adversarial system to the point like John Adams said after the Boston Massacre, for our system to work, it requires adversaries on both sides doing the best they can legally and ethically. 
When I got into it, it appeared clear 
he had not gotten a fair trial. I later convinced the highest court in Texas to reverse his capital murder conviction, which it did. I don’t know how many others in this body or the Senate have appealed and reversed a capital murder conviction. People always think I am such a heartless guy, but I do believe in the rule of law and I do believe it should be followed. 
I don’t believe it helps the lawless-
ness that is breaking out across our land to have an administration that picks and chooses the laws that it likes to enforce and have an IRS that abuses their positions in the law, that has Homeland Security that deletes thou-sands of documents that would help us identify terrorists and then go after the guy that preserved them on his own classified IronKey. 
He is a real hero, but he has now been 
forced out of Homeland Security. He resigned. But after they empanelled a grand jury to investigate him, became terrorists in the way that the govern-ment treated them, not with guns, but with the power of this administration. 
I mean, with somebody as law-abid-
ing as some of our whistleblowers have been only to find that this administra-tion will come after you if you try to stand up for truth and integrity, can we not expect lawlessness to break out? John Adams wrote: This govern-ment was intended for the governing of a moral and religious people. It is not fit to govern any others. 
I know the President and others keep 
saying there is nowhere in the world that has the frequency of shootings like this or mass murders like we do in the United States. But, as I have men-tioned before, there was an article by Kyle Becker 4 months ago. He has a chart and says, if you don’t compare apples and oranges, if you actually compare the number of rampage shoot-ing fatalities to the number of people in the country, then Norway is first, 15.3 per million; 1.85 per million in Fin-land; 1.47 per million in Slovakia; 1.38 in Israel; .75 in Switzerland; and .72 per million in the United States. The trouble is the loss of even one 
life is unnecessary, and appropriate steps should be taken to prevent them. 
My friend John Lott has an article 
out today in National Review. He says—this is John Lott: 
‘‘On Sunday, Hillary Clinton 
slammed Republicans for not being se-rious about protecting Americans from terrorism. ‘How many more Americans need to die before we take action?’ Clinton asked in response to Friday’s shooting at a Planned Parenthood clin-ic in Colorado Springs. She believes that stopping such attacks involves ‘common-sense steps like comprehen-sive background checks, closing the loopholes that let guns fall into the wrong hands.’ Within minutes of the attack in San Bernardino, California, yesterday, Clinton pushed again for more regulations. 
‘‘Clinton also wants to crack down on 
terrorism by prohibiting people on the no-fly list from buying guns. ‘If you are too dangerous to fly in America, you are too dangerous to buy a gun in America.’’’ 
And I will insert parenthetically that 
I have got one of the most patriotic friends I know who is a highly deco-rated general in the United States Army who lived just outside Marshall, Texas. 
We have had a number of times tried 
to help the general, this patriotic free-dom-loving American, who has put his life on the line repeatedly. We have had to repeatedly work to get his name off the no-fly list because, apparently, there is someone with a similar name. And whoever that person is, this patri-ot’s name is on the list. 
Well, John Lott goes on: ‘‘Are Republicans really putting 
Americans in danger by opposing new gun-control laws? 
‘‘After every mass shooting, Clinton 
and President Obama have called for ‘comprehensive’ or ‘universal’ back-ground checks, which would apply not only to the purchase of guns from a dealer, but also to private transfers of guns. However, it wouldn’t have stopped any of the mass shootings dur-ing Obama’s tenure. Last weekend, Clinton, Obama, and other Democrats issued their calls for new legislation before anyone even knew how the Colo-
rado shooter had obtained his rifle. 
‘‘Colorado already had expanded 
background checks two years ago. So had Oregon before the Umpqua Com-munity College shooting in October. France also has a background-check system. So too does California, which experienced yesterday’s attack. Yet, while the existing laws didn’t stop shootings of the very kind Clinton claims that they will stop, she uses these failures to justify imposing simi-lar laws on the rest of the country. 
‘‘The American background-check 
system is supposed to prevent the pur-chase of a gun by anyone who has been convicted of a felony or certain mis-demeanors. The Feinstein amendment would also ban the sale of guns to any-one who is on the terrorist watch list. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.060 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9008 December 3, 2015 
Now, being on the watch list sure 
sounds bad, but it doesn’t mean that a person has been convicted of anything. In fact, it is pretty easy to get on the watch list; you can be on it simply be-cause the FBI wants to interview you about someone you might know. Ac-cording to the TechDirt website, about 40 percent of the people on the watch list are considered to be under ‘reason-able suspicion’ even though they have absolutely ‘no affiliation with known terrorist groups.’ 
‘‘The number of people on the list has 
grown dramatically during the Obama administration; by 2013, there were about 700,000 people on the list. As of 2014, about 50,000 people were on the no- fly list. This is a ten-fold increase since Obama became president. 
‘‘Between February 2004 and Decem-
ber 2014, over 2,000 people on the watch list bought one or more guns. The gov-ernment has not identified a single one of these people as using a gun in a crime. 
‘‘Should the government be able to 
deny you the right to protect yourself simply because it wants to ask you about someone you might know? And that isn’t the only problem posed by the proposed expanded background checks. In New York, today’s back-ground checks add about $80 to the cost of transferring a gun. In Washington State, they add about $60. In Wash-ington, D.C., they add $200. In effect, these laws put a tax on guns and can prevent less affluent Americans from purchasing them. This disproportion-ately affects poor minorities who live in high-crime urban areas. 
‘‘While some people on ‘no-fly’ lists 
are there because they are suspected of terrorist activity, you can also get added because you are a suspect in a criminal case, made controversial statements or tweets unrelated to ter-rorism, are the victim of a clerical error, or refused to become a govern-ment informant.’’ 
And I might add, last November, as I 
was leaving London, I had a security person tell me they realized I was a U.S. Congressman and, ‘‘We are very sorry,’’ but that our Homeland Secu-rity Department here in the United States said I was to be thoroughly per-sonally searched along with my bags. 
I don’t know. Maybe they didn’t like 
my questioning of the Secretary of Homeland Security and were threat-ened by my questions trying to get truth out of them. 
‘‘Between February 2004 and Decem-
ber 2014, over 2,000 people on the watch list bought one or more guns.’’ It is pretty amazing there. But not one of them—not a single one of those people have been accused of using a gun in a crime. 
So even if these people wanted this 
law to be changed, it would not have changed the outcome in Oregon, Colo-rado, or California. It seems as if my well-meaning friends proposing tough-er and tougher laws to take away our Second Amendment rights mean well, but they are proposing things without 
even knowing whether they would save a single life. Certainly they will take away rights of law-abiding Americans, but they certainly would not have changed the outcome in Colorado or California. 
‘‘The error rate for identifying poten-
tial terror threats is probably similar to the error rate for background checks on gun purchases. Over 94 percent of ‘initial denials’ for gun purchases are dropped after just a preliminary re-view. These cases were dropped either because the wrong person had been stopped or because the covered offenses were decades old and the government decided not to prosecute. The total 
error rate comes to about 99 percent. 
‘‘Putting people on a list and prohib-
iting them from legally purchasing guns doesn’t really stop them from get-ting weapons. The fact that people are prohibited from buying certain drugs doesn’t mean people can’t get them. It’s the same with guns. And, inciden-tally, drug gangs supply both illegal drugs and illegal guns. 
‘‘Indeed, since Clinton wants to make 
a comparison to last week’s Paris at-tacks, we should point out that France’s strict weapon bans didn’t stop the terrorists from getting the AK–47s and explosive belts they used in the at-tacks. 
Strangely, the Oregon, Colorado, 
California, and Paris shootings are being used to push for additional gun- control laws of the sort that failed to prevent those attacks.’’ 
That is John R. Lott, Jr., today writ-
ing. 
When I proposed and filed Kari’s Law 
today, I had to be sure that it would make a difference and that the added burden would not cause any extra ef-fort, cost money, hardly ever, just something that needed to be done. 
Kari’s Law would be a great law for 
our country, whereas, the laws being hailed as something we must pass wouldn’t have saved a single one of the lives that we will pause in silence and for whom most of us will pray. 
b1515 
Mr. Speaker, I know that Christians 
are being reviled. Certainly, in the Middle East, they are being beheaded. Here, in the United States, after lead-ers talked about praying for the vic-tims’ families, there have been belit-tling comments made. 
But I look at the quote that Thomas 
Jefferson provided. It is inscribed in his memorial: 
‘‘God who gave us life gave us lib-
erty. And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have re-moved their only firm basis, a convic-tion in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift of God? that they are not to be violated but with His wrath? Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just; that His justice cannot sleep for-ever.’’ 
Jefferson, on March 4, 1805, in his sec-
ond inaugural, said: ‘‘. . . I shall, need to the favor of that 
Being in whose hands we are, who led our forefathers, as Israel of old, from their native land and planted them in a country flowing with all the necessities and comforts of life.’’ 
James Madison made many declara-
tions and statements. 
On July 23, 1813, in the National Day 
of Public Humiliation and Prayer Proc-lamation, James Madison, who is given credit for being the most prolific au-thor in the Constitution, said: 
‘‘If the public homage of a people can 
ever be worthy of the favorable regard of the Holy and Omniscient Being to whom it is addressed, it must be that in which those who join in it are guided only by their free choice, by the im-pulse of their hearts, and the dictates of their consciences; and such a spec-tacle must be interesting to all Chris-tian nations as proving that religion, that gift of Heaven for the good of man, freed from all coercive edicts, from that unhallowed connection with the powers of this world which corrupts religion . . . and making no appeal but to reason, to the heart, and to the con-science, can spread its benign influence everywhere and can attract to the di-vine altar those freewill offerings of humble supplication, thanksgiving, and praise, which alone can be acceptable to Him . . . ’’ 
We have observed a time now in our 
country’s history where we have gone from, not nine Supreme Court Jus-tices—most of the time, it is just five— who have said, even though the Found-ers have been requiring every day to start with prayer since the beginning of the new Constitution, we don’t think you should have prayer in public places. 
That was a shocker. It would have 
been a shocker to the Founders since they started with prayer in the very beginning and have continued through to this day. 
The Supreme Court goes on to say 
that they don’t think you should talk about Jesus. You can talk about Mo-hammed, and you can talk all about Islam, but you can’t talk about Jesus Christ. We have even had Federal judges say you can’t mention the name 
‘‘God’’ in your graduation ceremony. Our judicial system has a small group of judges who has run amuck, who has lost its way, and it has taken the coun-try with them. 
Abraham Lincoln said: ‘‘It is the duty of nations as well as 
of men, to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and transgressions, in hum-ble sorrow, yet with assured hope that genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon; and to recognize the sub-lime truth, announced in the Holy Scriptures and proven by all history, that those nations only are blessed whose God is the Lord.’’ 
It is remarkable that this is 2 years 
and 40-something days before his assas-sination. 
Abraham Lincoln, with people dying 
all over the country, put this in print 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.061 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9009 December 3, 2015 
in his National Day of Humiliation, 
Fasting and Prayer Proclamation. 
Abraham Lincoln said: ‘‘We have forgotten God. We have for-
gotten the gracious hand which pre-served us in peace and multiplied and enriched and strengthened us; and we have vainly imagined, in the deceitful-ness of our hearts, that all these bless-ings were produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own. Intoxi-cated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. 
‘‘It behooves us then to humble our-
selves before the offended Power, to confess our national sins, and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.’’ 
I will just share one more, Mr. 
Speaker. 
William Howard Taft is the only man 
in U.S. history to have been President and Chief Justice—or any Justice—on the Supreme Court. 
In 1908, William Howard Taft said: ‘‘No man can study the movement of 
modern civilization from an impartial standpoint and not realize that Christi-anity and the spread of Christianity are the only basis for the hope of mod-ern civilization and the growth of pop-ular self-government. The spirit of Christianity is pure democracy. It is the equality of man before God, the equality of man before the law, which is, as I understand it, the most godlike manifestation that man has been able to make.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a med-
ical appointment. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 3 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Decem-ber 7, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3630. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a letter reporting a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Navy case number 14-01, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258, Sec. 1351; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appropriations. 
3631. A letter from the Assistant Director 
for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bu-reau’s report on the impact of the Credit 
Card Accountability Responsibility and Dis-closure Act of 2009 on the consumer credit card market, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1616(d); Public Law 111-24, Sec. 502(d); (123 Stat. 1756); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3632. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Changes to Accounting Requirements for the Community Develop-ment Block Grants (CDBG) Program [Docket No.: FR 5797-I-01] (RIN: 2506-AC39) received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3633. A letter from the Chair, Securities 
and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 2014 Annual Report of the Se-curities Investor Protection Corporation, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78ggg(c)(2); Public Law 91-598, Sec. 7(c)(2); (84 Stat. 1652); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
3634. A letter from the Program Analyst, 
NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — List of Nonconforming Vehicles Decided to be Eligible for Importation [Docket No.: NHTSA-2015-0087] received December 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3635. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s eleventh annual report on Ethanol Market Concentration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(10)(B); Public Law 90-148, Sec. 1501(B) (as added by Public Law 109-58, Sec. 1501(a)); (119 Stat. 1074); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3636. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Cyber Security Event Notifica-tions, Regulatory Guide 5.83, received No-vember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3637. A letter from the Chairman, Con-
sumer Product Safety Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2015 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3638. A letter from the Chief Executive Of-
ficer, Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service, transmitting the Corporation’s semiannual report to Congress for the period from April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3639. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s semiannual report to Congress covering the 6-month period that ended Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3640. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a notifi-cation of a federal vacancy, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3641. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s Semiannual Re-port to Congress for the period ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on 
Oversight and Government Reform. 
3642. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Labor Relations Authority, transmitting the Authority’s FY 2015 Performance and Ac-countability Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3643. A letter from the Chairman and Mem-
bers, Federal Labor Relations Authority, transmitting the Authority’s semiannual re-port for the period April 1, 2015, through Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3644. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Maritime Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Performance and Account-ability Report for fiscal year 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3645. A letter from the Chairwoman, Fed-
eral Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2015 Agency Fi-nancial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3646. A letter from the Administrator, Gen-
eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Semiannual Manage-ment Report to Congress for the period of April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3647. A letter from the Labor Member and 
Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s semiannual report for the period April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3648. A letter from the Chairwoman, U.S. 
Election Assistance Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s semiannual report for the period from April 1, 2015, through Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3649. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-
rity Regulations Branch, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Technical Amendment to List of Field Offices: Expansion of San Ysidro, Cali-fornia Port of Entry to include the Cross Border Xpress User Fee facility [CBP Dec.: 15-17] received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3650. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3620; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-029-AD; Amendment 39- 18319; AD 2015-23-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3651. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3969; Directorate Identifier 2014- SW-010-AD; Amendment 39-18318; AD 2015-23- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE7.063 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9010 December 3, 2015 
02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 
2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3652. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lockheed Martin Corporation/Lock-heed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1425; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-185-AD; Amendment 39- 18312; AD 2015-22-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3653. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0244; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-127- AD; Amendment 39-18313; AD 2015-22-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3654. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4211; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-150- AD; Amendment 39-18311; AD 2015-22-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3655. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0593; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-08-AD; Amendment 39- 18254; AD 2015-17-21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3656. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0649; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-132-AD; Amendment 39-18314; AD 2015-22-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3657. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0454; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-138-AD; Amendment 39-18298; AD 2015-21-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3658. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-2461; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-202- AD; Amendment 39-18310; AD 2015-22-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
3659. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Van Nuys, CA [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1138; Airspace Docket No.: 15- AWP-3] received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3660. A letter from the Ombudsman, 
FMCSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Prohibiting Coercion of Commercial Motor Vehicle Drivers [Docket No. FMCSA-2012- 0377] (RIN: 2126-AB57) received December 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3661. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator, Office of Procurement, National Aer-onautics and Space Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — NASA FAR Supplement: Safety and Health Measures and Mishap Reporting (RIN: 2700- AE16) received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); ; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on 
House Administration. H.R. 195. A bill to ter-minate the Election Assistance Commission (Rept. 114–361). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on 
House Administration. H.R. 412. A bill to re-duce Federal spending and the deficit by ter-minating taxpayer financing of presidential election campaigns (Rept. 114–362, Pt. 1). Or-dered to be printed. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3869. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communica-tions integration center, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–363). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3106. A bill to author-ize Department major medical facility con-struction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–364). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2915. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the eval-uation of such programs by the Secretary; with an amendment (Rept. 114–365). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1107. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bu-
reau of Reclamation to manage its infra-structure assets; with an amendment (Rept. 114–366). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. S. 1580. An act to allow additional appointing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates (Rept. 114–367). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. S. 1629. An act to revise certain authorities of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–368). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself and Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California): 
H.R. 4165. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax incentive for the installation and maintenance of me-chanical insulation property; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. 
D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 4166. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to provide specific cred-it risk retention requirements to certain qualifying collateralized loan obligations; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. 
F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
and Mr. C ULBERSON ): 
H.R. 4167. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a default configura-tion that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9-1-1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. 
V
ARGAS ): 
H.R. 4168. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to re-quire an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual govern-ment-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself, Mr. 
M
CKINLEY , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. Z INKE, 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and 
Mr. R OUZER ): 
H.R. 4169. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to prohibit any regulation under such Act concerning the emissions of carbon diox-ide from a fossil fuel-fired electric gener-ating unit from taking effect until the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency makes certain certifications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 4170. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to draft disclo-sures describing the rights and liabilities of customers of domestic care services and re-quire that such services provide such disclo-sures to customers in any contract for such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03DE7.000 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9011 December 3, 2015 
services; to the Committee on Education and 
the Workforce. 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 4171. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit the operation of cer-tain aircraft not complying with stage 4 noise levels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. R ENACCI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. D UFFY , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. C AR-
NEY, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. R USH, Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 4172. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with re-spect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania (for himself and Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM): 
H.R. 4173. A bill to provide that an alien 
who has traveled to Iraq or Syria during the 5-year period prior to the alien’s application for admission is ineligible to be admitted to the United States under the visa waiver pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself and 
Mr. A
SHFORD ): 
H.R. 4174. A bill to establish a program 
that promotes reforms in workforce edu-cation and skill training for manufacturing in States and metropolitan areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 4175. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a deduction for conservation expenditures to reduce ground-water consumption; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 4176. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to limit the recovery of dam-ages in a civil action related to the disclo-sure of certain personal information from State motor vehicle records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
JONES , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. W ILSON  
of South Carolina, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. B ABIN): 
H.R. 4177. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit the ac-ceptance by political committees of online contributions from certain unverified sources, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. 
K
USTER , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 4178. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the work oppor-tunity tax credit and to allow small employ-ers a credit against income tax for hiring in-dividuals receiving unemployment com-pensation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, and Ms. C LARKE of 
New York): 
H.R. 4179. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to promulgate reg-ulations requiring material in the online public inspection file of a covered entity to be made available in a format that is ma-chine-readable; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. 
C
ONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 4180. A bill to improve Federal agency 
financial and administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ de-velopment and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and re-sponding to fraud, including improper pay-
ments; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. P
AS-
CRELL , and Mr. B LUM): 
H.R. 4181. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the incentives for the production of biodiesel; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida (for himself 
and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida): 
H.R. 4182. A bill to require the lender or 
servicer of a home mortgage, upon a request by the homeowner for a short sale, to make a prompt decision whether to allow the sale; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): 
H.R. 4183. A bill to increase the penalties 
for fentanyl trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Ms. E
STY, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. 
POCAN ): 
H. Res. 548. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of February 12, 2016, as ‘‘Dar-win Day’’ and recognizing the importance of science in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. K EATING , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. C AS-
TOR of Florida, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
GALLEGO , Ms. H AHN, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. S CHIFF , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. T ITUS, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. E STY, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ECKof 
Washington, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ASS, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. S INEMA , 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. P INGREE , Miss R ICEof 
New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Ms. K USTER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH ): 
H. Res. 549. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of June 26 as ‘‘LGBT Equality Day’’; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. 
G
OODLATTE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. U PTON , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
KILDEE , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan, and Mr. C ICILLINE ): 
H. Res. 550. A resolution honoring the 
achievements of Berry Gordy, Jr. and the musical history he created through Motown Records; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for 
himself, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. 
ROYCE , and Mr. E NGEL ): 
H. Res. 551. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of the United States-Israel eco-nomic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. 
M
ULLIN , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): 
H. Res. 552. A resolution expressing support 
for health and wellness coaches and ‘‘Na-tional Health and Wellness Coach Recogni-tion Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. C
OFF-
MAN, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. R USSELL , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OYCE , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. L ONG, Mr. Z ELDIN , 
Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
DESANTIS , and Mrs. B LACK ): 
H. Res. 553. A resolution urging the Presi-
dent and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to submit to Congress the text of all side agreements entered into be-tween the IAEA and Iran with respect to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03DE7.100 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9012 December 3, 2015 
By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 4165. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 4166. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 4167. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-
stitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . to regulate Commerce . . . among the several States.’’ Telecommunication devices, such as a multi-line telephone system (MLTS), enable the interstate transmission of voice telephony communication. Addition-ally, MLTS devices enter the stream of com-merce as part of an economic enterprise and affect interstate commerce in that they are bought, sold and transported across state lines, and under Article I, Section 8 Congress has the authority to regulate products in interstate Commerce. See also, U.S. v. Lopez, 514 U.S. 549 (1995). 
In addition to Congress’s power under the 
Commerce Clause, ‘‘Congress shall [also] have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution’’ its power to regulate Com-merce among the several States. U.S. Con-stitution Article I, §8, clause 18. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 4168. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS: 
H.R. 4169. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1: All legislative Powers 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 4170. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 4171. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 4172. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 4173. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion under the General Welfare Clause 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 4174. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 4175. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution that states ‘‘the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and gen-eral welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 4176. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 4177. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Nec-
essary and Proper Clause 
In 2011, the United States District Court 
for the District of Columbia held in Bluman v. FEC that ‘‘It is fundamental to the defini-tion of our national political community that foreign citizens do not have a constitu-tional right to participate in, and thus may be excluded from, activities of democratic self-government.’’ Bluman specifically ad-dressed and prohibited political campaign contributions to U.S. elections. 
In 2012, the United States Supreme Court 
affirmed, holding that the prohibition in 2 U.S.C. 441 (e) on campaign contributions by any ‘‘foreign national’’ was narrowly tai-lored to achieve a compelling government in-terest. 
Given that the Stop Foreign Donations Af-
fecting Our Elections Act supplements the intent of these rulings and the 1966 law that banned such contributions, it is both within the scope of Congress’s power and is thus constitutional. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 4178. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 4179. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. MEADOWS: 
H.R. 4180. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 4181. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common 
defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 4182. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The clause 
that states Congress has the power ‘‘to regu-late Commerce with foreign nations, and among several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 4183. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The clause 
that states Congress has the power ‘‘to regu-late Commerce with foreign nations, and among several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 158: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Ms. E STY, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. C UL-
BERSON , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. H ARPER , 
and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 170: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 317: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 344: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 363: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 379: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California. 
H.R. 430: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 546: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 592: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 721: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 746: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 921: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1076: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
DONOVAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. G RAHAM and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. F OSTER , and 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 1421: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1457: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1586: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1670: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 1733: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. D OLD, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. 
MOOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 2125: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2138: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2228: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2293: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2302: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2342: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. 
LOEBSACK . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.028 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9013 December 3, 2015 
H.R. 2382: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 2477: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2612: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 2680: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 2850: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2874: Mr. I SSAand Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. R USH, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. J ENKINS of 
West Virginia. 
H.R. 3051: Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ONAMICI , and 
Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 3159: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 3180: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 3183: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 3314: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. C HAFFETZ and Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 3437: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. O LSON , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 3455: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 3497: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3520: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. 
GUINTA . H.R. 3551: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3565: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
HAHN, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 3667: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 3706: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3713: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. V ELA´QUEZ , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
TAKANO , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 3721: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 3734: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 3760: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3785: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Miss R ICEof 
New York, and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 3808: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. K INGof 
New York. 
H.R. 3846: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ILMER , and 
Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 3852: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3880: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 3888: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3917: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and 
Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3926: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
CRAMER , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 3965: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 3986: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 3997: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 4014: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 4019: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 4032: Mr. C ULBERSON and Ms. 
GRANGER . 
H.R. 4040: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 4062: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 4084: Mr. K NIGHT and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 4087: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 4109: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 4113: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 4122: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 4131: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
KIND, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 4153: Mr. H ANNA . 
H. J. Res. 11: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H. J. Res. 23: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H. J. Res. 74: Mr. F ORBES . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. H ILL. 
H. Con. Res. 98: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H. Res. 265: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H. Res. 343: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 393: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 419: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H. Res. 432: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 467: Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C LAY, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H. Res. 523: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H. Res. 535: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H. Res. 536: Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida. 
H. Res. 544: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana and 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE7.031 H03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8323 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3, 2015 No. 175 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, our helper, as a tragic 
pattern of insane violence continues to bring pain to our Nation and world, we turn our eyes to You. Thank You that though evil seems undeniably strong, You continue to rule in Your universe. May we refuse to be intimidated by the adversaries of freedom, as we remem-ber Your sacred words, ‘‘There is no fear in love.’’ 
Lord, lead our Senators with Your 
wisdom. As they focus on Your pres-ence and power, shield their hearts with Your peace. When they seek Your guidance, direct their steps in the path of truth. 
Give us all the sensitivity to com-
prehend the holy meaning and the sa-cred mysteries that reside in every mo-ment. And, Lord, be near to all who are affected by the mass shooting in San Bernardino, CA. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L EE). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I hope all 
Members of Congress—Democrats and Republicans, Members of the House and Senate—take a long, hard look this morning, maybe in the mirror, and ask themselves: Where do I stand? 
Yet again our country is faced with 
another sickening act of gun violence. Yesterday’s shooting rampage took the lives of 14 people and wounded at least 17 more, a number of those grievously injured. That wasn’t the only shooting yesterday; a gunman in Georgia killed a woman and injured three others. 
So where do we stand? We have an 
epidemic of gun violence in America, and it is nothing less than sickening. 
Fort Hood, 13 dead; Tucson, 6 dead; 
Carson City, 4 dead; Aurora, 12 dead; Newtown, 20 little children, 6 edu-cators; the Navy Yard in Washington, DC, 12 dead; Las Vegas, 3 dead, two of whom were police officers. And I have heard this talk: Oh, it is so unusual, a 
husband and wife. These three people killed in Las Vegas were killed by a husband-and-wife team. In Charleston, nine dead; Moneta, VA, two dead—on live television, he came to kill two peo-ple. At Umpqua Community College, nine dead; Colorado Springs, three dead. 
That tragic list is nowhere close to 
being comprehensive. The one in Geor-gia yesterday—one dead, two wounded. It hardly made the press. But the ones I just mentioned are a few that we picked up earlier this morning in my office. 
It would be very difficult to list all 
the mass killings that have taken place in recent years. Why? Because we are 337 days into 2015 and we have had at least 355 mass shootings—355 mass shootings in 337 days. We are averaging more than one a day. Two months ago I came to the floor 
very sad. I was here mourning the mur-der of innocent community college stu-dents attending class in Roseburg, OR. I said then that each time our Nation endures one of these mass killings, we go through the same routine. First we are shocked. Then we ask questions about the killers, their motives, and how they got their hands on those guns. Then we wonder, what could we have done to prevent this terrible thing from happening? 
As I said, the disturbing part is that 
we don’t do anything. We don’t do any-thing. We, as the legislative body of this country, do nothing. So I have a question for every Member of this body: How can we live with ourselves for failing to do the things that we know will reduce gun violence? Will it get rid of all of it? Of course not. But will it reduce it? Yes. We are complicit through our inaction, and if we con-tinue to fail to act, we will be complicit today and every day into the future. We will keep ending up right where we are, mourning innocent vic-tims in San Bernardino, CA, or Charleston or Newtown. When victims turn to us for leadership and help, we will have nothing to show but empty hands and a few empty gestures. It is despicable. 
For far too long we have done noth-
ing, even as the gun violence shakes our Nation to its core. We must do something. We can start by passing im-proved background check legislation. Is it asking too much that if someone is crazy or a criminal, they shouldn’t be able to walk into any gun shop and buy a gun? Of course not. But that is the law in America. 
I know the thought of upsetting the 
National Rifle Association scares ev-erybody—oh, especially my Republican colleagues. Do you know what scares the American people? Gun violence. These mass shootings at holiday par-ties frighten the American people. Is it unreasonable that they are frightened? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.000 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8324 December 3, 2015 
Of course not. People are afraid to go 
to a movie theater or to a concert. 
The bill before the Senate today is to 
get rid of ObamaCare, and everybody knows it is just a gesture in futility. They have tried it 60 times or 48 times—I don’t know; we lost track—in the House, and every time, the same answer: No. In the Senate, we have done it 14, 15 times—always the same answer. Einstein said the definition of ‘‘insanity’’ is when someone does the same thing over and over again know-ing they are going to get the same re-sult. So we are wasting our time today. Everyone knows the result. 
But we have the opportunity to cast 
a vote here today—or we will shortly— because we are focused on doing some-thing. People on this side of the aisle are focused on doing something to stop this gun violence, and we are going to force amendments to that end today— not many but a few. We will try to do something, anything. 
Are we going to vote on expanded 
background checks? Shouldn’t we do that at least? We are going to vote to prevent criminals convicted of harassing women’s health clinics from buying a gun, owning a gun. 
Senators will have to decide where 
they stand on these amendments. Do they stand with babies who were killed in Connecticut, families who want to do nothing more than go about their day without the daily threat of shoot-ings? My friends in Nevada, two police officers in uniform sitting down to have a lunch break, and two people walk in behind them and shoot them in the back of the head and kill them. They went over to Walmart and killed another person. 
People are afraid. There was a time in my legislative 
career that I tried to work with the Na-tional Rifle Association, but the NRA today is a far cry from the sportsmen’s organization I once supported. The NRA once called mandatory back-ground checks ‘‘reasonable.’’ That is what they said; I am not making this up. But now its leadership and organi-zation have transformed into a quasi- militant wing of the Republican Party. They are being pushed more and more into the camp of guns for everybody anytime they want them, and they are being pushed by the—they have a com-petitor now: Gun Owners of America. 
Those who choose to do the NRA’s 
bidding will be held accountable by our constituents. Their vote against these sensible measures will be a stain for all of the American people to see. 
Something has to be done. We must 
take a stand. The American people are desperately looking for help—some help, any help. It will never be possible to prevent every shooting. We know that. But we have a responsibility to try. There are certain things we can do. If someone is mentally deranged and a criminal, should they be able to walk in and buy a gun anyplace? Of course not. We have a responsibility as lawmakers to enact commonsense re-forms that have been proven to stop at-
tacks and save lives. I hope Repub-licans will find the courage to join with us and pass meaningful legislation to prevent further gun violence. 
I apologize for speaking before the 
Republican leader, but I was told he was going to be late. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
TRAGEDY IN SAN BERNARDINO 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
senseless loss of life in San Bernardino continues to defy explanation. We have faith that law enforcement will con-tinue working hard to uncover the truth behind this tragedy. Today, what we should all agree upon is that we will keep the victims and the families in our thoughts, that we as a Senate offer condolences to them, and that we as a Senate recognize the continuing efforts of law enforcement officials and first responders. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
middle-class Americans continue to call on Washington to build a bridge away from ObamaCare. They want bet-ter care. They want real health reform. For too long, Democrats did everything to prevent Congress from passing the type of legislation necessary to help these Americans who are hurting. 
Well, today, Mr. President, that ends. 
Today, a middle class that has suffered enough from a partisan law will see the Senate vote to build a bridge past ObamaCare and toward better care. 
The Restoring Americans’ Healthcare 
Freedom Reconciliation Act we are de-bating deserves the support of every Member of this body because here is what we know. ObamaCare is a direct attack on the middle class. It is riddled with higher costs and broken promises. It is defined by failure. It is punctuated with hopelessness. And the scale of its many broken promises is matched only by the scale of its defenders’ rigid and unfeeling responses to it. 
Let us consider just a few right now. 
Americans were promised they could keep their health plans if they liked them. It was a promise Democrats made to sell ObamaCare and it is a promise they broke. Americans could only keep their plans if the President liked them, not if they liked them. Americans could only keep their plans if the President liked them. 
Millions saw the coverage they liked 
ripped away as a result of a callous and partisan law. 
Democrats’ response to their broken 
promise? They tried to dismiss stories about folks losing insurance by saying they had lousy plans anyway and that they should be grateful the government was taking them away. The American 
people took a different view. 
Here is a note I received from a con-
stituent in Caldwell County when her family lost their plan. Here is what she said: 
I was lied to by the President and Congress 
when we were told the ‘‘Affordable’’ Care Act would not require us to switch from our cur-rent insurance provider. My husband and I work hard, pay a lot of taxes and ask for lit-tle from our government. Is it asking too much for government to stay out of my health insurance? 
Americans were promised that 
ObamaCare would lower costs and even bring down premiums by $2,500 per fam-ily. It is a promise Democrats made to sell ObamaCare, and it is a promise they broke. 
Just last night, we learned from the 
government’s own actuaries that ObamaCare is leading to higher health care costs. We also know that pre-miums continue to shoot up by double digits in many areas, including Ken-tucky. 
Democrats’ response to their broken 
promise? President Obama said Ameri-cans who already had health insurance ‘‘may not know that they’ve got a bet-ter deal now [under ObamaCare] than they did, but they do.’’ Obviously, the President thinks he knows more about our health insurance than we do. Of course, the American people took a dif-ferent view. 
One Kentuckian wrote me after being 
forced into an ObamaCare plan she called ‘‘subpar’’ with a nearly $5,000 de-ductible. ‘‘I cried myself to sleep,’’ she said. ‘‘I work hard for every penny I earn,’’ and this ‘‘is unacceptable.’’ 
Americans were promised ObamaCare 
would create millions of jobs. It is a promise Democrats made to sell ObamaCare, and it is a promise they broke. ObamaCare is leading to fewer jobs, not more of them. In Kentucky, our Democratic Governor once de-clared it an ‘‘undisputed fact’’ that ObamaCare’s Medicaid expansion had added 12,000 jobs to Kentucky’s econ-omy. But as Kentuckians now know, he was undisputedly wrong. Not only did those jobs fail to materialize, but health care jobs have actually declined in Kentucky since the passage of ObamaCare. 
Democrats’ response to their broken 
promise? I think this headline about the comments of a senior Democrat captures it perfectly: ‘‘ObamaCare al-lows workers to ‘escape’ their jobs’’—to escape their jobs. Well, the American people took a different view. 
A constituent from Somerset wrote 
to tell me that ObamaCare’s mandates were causing her to lose up to 11 hours—up to 11 hours—per week at work, which meant about $440 less in her pocket every month. ‘‘ObamaCare,’’ she said, ‘‘[is] causing us to lose hours [and] lose wages, yet expecting us to spend more.’’ 
Now, Americans were promised 
ObamaCare wouldn’t touch Medicare. Americans were promised that taxes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.008 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8325 December 3, 2015 
wouldn’t increase. Americans were 
promised shopping for ObamaCare would be as simple as shopping for a TV on Amazon. Three more promises, three more betrayals, and on and on and on it has gone for more than 5 long years. 
Democrats need to understand it is 
time to face up to the pain and the fail-ure their law has caused. They can keep trying to talk past the middle class. They can keep trying to deny re-ality. But they have to realize that no one is buying the spin but them. 
Americans are living with the con-
sequences of this broken law and its broken promises every single day. Its negative effects are often felt in the most personal and visceral ways, and Americans are tired of being con-descended to. They want change, and they want a bridge to better care, not ObamaCare, and this bill offers it. 
I think Democrats have a particular 
responsibility to the millions their law has hurt already to help pass the law we have before us. I think the Presi-dent has a particular responsibility to the millions his law has hurt already to then sign it. That is the best way to build a bridge to a fresh start—to a better, healthier, and stronger begin-ning. 
f 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE NEW 
SENATE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, on another matter, every day this week I have mentioned some of the sig-nificant accomplishments of a Senate under new management—a Senate that has put its focus back on the American people. 
After years of inaction, this Senate 
took bipartisan action to help the vic-tims of modern day slavery. Many said the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act would never pass the Senate, but we proved them wrong. We proved it could actually pass by a wide bipar-tisan margin. In a new and more open Senate, Senator C
ORNYN was able to 
work with Democratic partners to en-sure it ultimately did. 
After years of inaction, the Senate 
took bipartisan action to protect the privacy of Americans. Many said the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act would never pass the Senate, but we proved them wrong. We proved it could actually pass by a wide bipartisan mar-gin. In a new and more open Senate, Senator B
URR, a Republican, and Sen-
ator F EINSTEIN , a Democrat, were able 
to ensure that it ultimately did. 
After years of inaction, the Senate 
took bipartisan action to lift children up with better educational opportuni-ties. Many said the Every Child Achieves Act would never pass the Sen-ate, but we proved them wrong. We proved it could actually pass by a wide bipartisan margin. In a new and more open Senate, Senator A
LEXANDER , a 
Republican, and Senator M URRAY , a 
Democrat, were able to ensure that it ultimately did. And after years of inaction, the Sen-
ate took bipartisan action to meaning-fully improve our roads and infrastruc-ture over the coming years. Many said that the long-term Highway and Trans-portation Funding Act would never pass the Senate, but we proved them wrong. We proved it could actually pass by a wide bipartisan margin. In a new and more open Senate, Senator I
NHOFE , a Republican, and Senator 
BOXER , a Democrat, were able to en-
sure that it ultimately did. 
Today, we are on the verge of passing 
that bill again. We are on the verge of passing it into law. The revised legisla-tion we will consider provides 5 full years of highway funding. It would be the longest term bill to pass Congress in almost two decades, and it would provide long-term certainty in a fis-cally responsible way. In other words, this bill will finally provide State and local governments with the kind of cer-tainty they need to focus on longer term road and bridge projects. This is a significant departure from years— years—of short-term extensions. 
There is a lot more to say about what 
the new Congress has been able to achieve on behalf of the American peo-ple. I look forward to continuing to share these successes here on the floor. 
Tuesday’s announcement on the 
highway bill is just the latest reminder of what is possible in a new and more open Senate. It builds the basis for more wins into the future. And most importantly, it is an achievement for the American people—an achievement that only a new Congress has been able to deliver. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
f 
WORK OF THE SENATE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, no matter 
how many times my friend—and we have served together in this body for a long, long time—comes here and talks about how wonderful this Senate is under Republican leadership, the facts aren’t on his side. He talked about get-ting things done after years of inac-tion. The inaction was the result of Re-publican filibusters—recordbreaking filibusters. 
Bill after bill was blocked. Elemen-
tary and secondary education, cyber security, everything that he men-tioned—everything, without excep-tion—would have been done a long time ago except for Republican filibusters. To now come to the floor and claim: Isn’t it wonderful we were able to get things done during this Congress, be-cause we did not block things—no mat-ter how many times he comes, we and the pundits have already said it is the most unproductive year in the Senate’s history. We have had more revotes than at any time in the history of the country and less done than at any time in the country’s history. AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wonder 
what my Republican friends do when they are not here in Washington, DC. Do they bother to talk to their con-stituents? Do they sit down and meet them at townhall meetings or across a fence in someone’s backyard? I have a hard time believing my Republican friends are spending much time listen-
ing to constituents’ concerns. I already talked about guns today. 
It seems to me what we are doing is 
counter to the needs of constituents. This absurd—absurd—attempt to re-peal the Affordable Care Act through reconciliation is a perfect example. Every day the Republican leader comes to the floor and rails against ObamaCare, yet more than 10 percent of his constituents are benefiting from the Affordable Care Act—500,000 people. I can’t believe those people in Ken-tucky are telling the Republican leader to take away their health care. 
Now, he is not alone in pushing the 
repeal that would expressly hurt people back home. He and the junior Senator from Wyoming both oppose the Afford-able Care Act and the law’s expansion of Medicaid, but their own Republican Governor—the Governor of Wyoming— is using ObamaCare to expand health coverage for the people of Wyoming. 
Wyoming Governor Matt Mead is pro-
posing a Medicaid expansion that will help 17,000 people. Now, 17,000 people in the sparsely populated State of Wyo-ming is a lot of people. Governor Mead wrote this to the State legislature: 
This economic boost would stabilize serv-
ices and inject tax dollars paid by Wyoming citizens back into Wyoming communities. The numbers are compelling. 
But apparently those facts are not 
compelling enough for the Senators from Wyoming, who are both voting for repeal. 
The Republican Senator from North 
Dakota has also been a critic of the Af-fordable Care Act. Once again, his op-position does not jibe with what North Dakota’s Governor is saying. North Da-kota Governor Dennis Daugaard is fighting in the State legislature to ex-pand Medicaid access to residents. He is a Republican and served for 10 years as J
OHN HOEVEN ’s Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, but Senator H OEVEN will vote for 
repeal. 
The junior Senator from Montana is 
opposed to Medicaid expansion. Earlier in the month he seemed supportive of Montana’s expansion of Medicaid say-ing: 
I respect the decision of our Legislature 
and our governor on Medicaid expansion. I’m one who respects their rights and voices. 
But today, I am told, he will perform 
a breathtaking about-face and vote to do away with Montana’s health care. 
There is a longer list. Republicans 
from Ohio, West Virginia, and the State of Nevada have all embraced Medicaid expansion. 
In Nevada, Governor Brian Sandoval 
is considered by many to be a star in the Republican Party. But notwith-standing his party’s anti-ObamaCare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.009 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8326 December 3, 2015 
ideology, he displayed courage by ex-
panding health coverage for tens of thousands of Nevadans. 
I hope my friend and fellow Senator 
from Nevada will follow our Governor’s example and stand for our constitu-ents’ health care. Too few Republicans will. If ObamaCare is so awful, why are Republicans from Kentucky, Wyoming, North Dakota, and New Hampshire so eager to use it? It is simple: The Af-fordable Care Act expands coverage and cuts costs. It is good for the States. That is why Arizona expanded Med-icaid. It is insuring hundreds of thou-sands of Arizonans, as we talk now. 
I was disappointed with my friend. 
We served together, we came to the House together, we came to the Senate together, and he is the senior Senator from Arizona. He made it clear that he will vote for repeal, in spite of all the people benefiting from ObamaCare back home. This is what J
OHNMCCAIN 
said: ‘‘Obviously the Governor and Leg-islature in my state decided that they wanted that program and so it is going to trouble me in the vote.’’ The senior Senator from Arizona acknowledged that he is casting a vote in direct oppo-sition to the needs of the people of Ari-zona. 
So if Republicans aren’t listening to 
their constituents or State leaders, to whom are they listening? As always, the answer is corporations. Billion-dol-lar companies have no trouble getting congressional Republicans to do their bidding. Even as they try to snatch health coverage from 17 million Ameri-cans, Republicans are throwing money at corporations. That is what they plan to do with the money saved by repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act. They will hand it over to corporations in the form of tax breaks. 
I have news for my own Republican 
friends: These multibillion-dollar com-panies don’t need your help. They are doing just fine on their own. The Amer-ican middle class needs help, but this Republican Congress is doing nothing to aid working families. Why are we here if we are not here to help people back home? 
When Republican Presidential can-
didate John Kasich—somebody whom I came to the House with in 1982—was asked earlier this year why he chose to expand Medicaid in the State of Ohio, he gave this remarkable answer: 
When you die and get to the meeting with 
St. Peter, he’s probably not going to ask you much about what you did about keeping gov-ernment small. But he is going to ask you what you did for the poor. You better have a good answer. 
That is from John Kasich. He is 
right. This is an opportunity to help unfortunate Americans who lack qual-ity health insurance. I only wish Gov-ernor Kasich could convince the junior Senator from Ohio of that simple truth. 
I say to my Republican friends: Do 
the right thing; stop this nonsense about repeal of ObamaCare. Everyone knows this repeal of the Affordable Care Act is going nowhere. Instead of 
wasting everyone’s time and instead of ignoring the wishes of the people back home, let’s work together to improve health care coverage. There are a lot of things we can do by working together to improve health care coverage for Americans. Let’s move beyond repeal and start making the Affordable Care Act work even better for the American people. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness of the Senate today. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ 
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 3762, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconcili-
ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
Pending: 
McConnell amendment No. 2874, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Murray/Wyden amendment No. 2876 (to 
amendment No. 2874), to ensure that this Act does not increase the number of uninsured women or increase the number of unintended pregnancies by establishing a women’s health care and clinic security and safety fund. 
Johnson amendment No. 2875 (to amend-
ment No. 2874), to amend the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act to ensure that individuals can keep their health insurance coverage. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, if I could 
interrupt and apologize for that, I ask unanimous consent that the time in quorums called by the Chair be divided equally between the majority and mi-nority. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Under the previous order, the time 
until 1:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
Mr. DURBIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this 
morning I will be joining—at the Presi-dent’s invitation—a bipartisan group of Congressmen and Senators to discuss the need for criminal justice reform in the country. I am actually very glad the President has shown such an inter-
est in this topic, one we have been working on in the Congress for a num-ber of years. 
I have said it before and I will say it 
again, I don’t agree with the President on a lot of things, perhaps most things, but I am glad to know he is making this issue a priority. I think it is one of those rare, magical moments where you see things coming together on a bi-partisan basis across the political spec-trum, where we can actually make some real progress that will benefit the American people and make our crimi-nal justice system fairer and more ef-fective. 
Of course, in the Senate, a diverse bi-
partisan group has shared this concern for a very long time. While I appreciate the President’s vocal support and for convening the group to discuss it this morning, I want to make it clear that this legislation has been years in the making. Actually, the impetus for the part I contributed to the bill emanated from a 2007 experiment in Texas in prison reform. That legislation has manifested itself in the Senate and is now called the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of 2015. It is a result of a lot of hard work and some com-promise, which is the only way things actually get done around here in order to build a bipartisan consensus, and it brings targeted and much needed re-forms to the Federal justice system. 
I am very glad to be able to join with 
the junior Senator from Rhode Island, somebody, again, who is probably at the opposite end of the political spec-trum from me in terms of ideology, but we have found common ground on this important prison reform component. 
Most prisoners will eventually be re-
leased into society, which is something we have forgotten. Unfortunately, our prisons have too often become ware-houses for human beings, and we have forgotten the reality that many of them will be released back into soci-ety. Yet we have done very little to help prepare them to successfully reen-ter society rather than get into that turnstile that sometimes characterizes our criminal justice system and many end up right back in prison again. We can’t save everybody, but I believe we can offer an opportunity for some who want to save themselves to improve themselves and be better prepared to reenter society as productive individ-uals. 
As I said, this reform was based on an 
experiment in Texas starting back in 2007. People perhaps think of Texas as being tough on crime, and indeed we are, but we finally realized we also have to be smart on crime. Prisons cost money. Every time somebody reoffends and ends up back in the prison system, we have to pay the salaries of prosecu-tors, public defenders, judges, and oth-ers, and that is expensive. If we can find a way to be fiscally more respon-sible and actually be more effective when it comes to the results, we ought 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.011 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8327 December 3, 2015 
to grab that opportunity. I happen to 
think it represents the way we ought to legislate here in Washington, DC, that is based on successful experiments in the States. 
It is no coincidence that Louis Bran-
deis once called the States the labora-tories of democracy, but it represents the opposite of what we have seen here in Washington, DC, when, for example, in ObamaCare the President decides we are going to take over one-sixth of the U.S. economy and we are going to man-date from Washington a one-size-fits- all approach for 320 million or so Amer-icans. It just doesn’t work, as we have documented time and time again on the floor. 
I am optimistic we have found an 
area where we can work with the Presi-dent and move this legislation forward. I ask that the President roll up his sleeves and work with us, along with the Democrats and both Houses of Con-gress, so we can make this criminal justice reform a reality. 
Mr. President, I mentioned 
ObamaCare. That is my second topic for today. 
This afternoon we will keep a prom-
ise we made to the American people that we will vote to repeal ObamaCare. ObamaCare—were this legislation signed into law—could not sustain this mortal wound that is going to be in-flicted this afternoon. Are we doing this for partisan reasons? I would say, no, absolutely not. What we are doing is listening to our constituents who told us that they have had one bad ex-perience after another with ObamaCare. They have been forced by the Federal Government to buy cov-erage that they don’t want, don’t need, and can’t afford. So we proposed to send a bill to the President that would repeal ObamaCare and then replace it with affordable coverage that people actually want. We made it clear to the American people that if they gave us the privilege of leading in the Con-gress, we would keep this promise, and we will fulfill that promise in the Sen-ate today. 
I remember voting at 7 a.m. on 
Christmas Eve in 2009, when 60 Demo-crats voted to jam ObamaCare down the throats of the American people. They made promise after promise. The President himself said: If you like what you have, you can keep it. That proved not to be true. The President said a family of four would see an average re-duction in their premium cost by $2,500, and that wasn’t true. 
So as somebody who has spent a lit-
tle bit of time in law enforcement as a former attorney general in my State, I would call this a deceptive trade prac-tice. This is defrauding the American people, selling them a product based on a set of promises that ends up not being true. 
I believe it is time to repeal this bad 
law and to replace it with something that people want and that they can af-ford. 
My State has been hit hard, as all 
States have been, including the State of the Presiding Officer, by the effects 
of ObamaCare. Almost every day we read news accounts of escalating health care costs, including premiums and fewer choices and options and less access for our constituents. 
Just recently, the Houston Chronicle 
reported that next year the Houston- area patients won’t have access to any plans on the ObamaCare exchange that cover costs at MD Anderson, the pre-mier cancer-treating facility in Amer-ica. If we can’t buy insurance to cover catastrophic events like cancer at the hospital of our choice, what good is it? 
As a matter of fact, I remember our 
former colleague, Senator Tom Coburn from Oklahoma, who has used up most of his nine lives, but he has experienced cancer at least three times, to my recollection, and he actually was seek-ing treatment at MD Anderson. He said that as a result of ObamaCare, he could no longer get coverage from the insur-ance policy he had because MD Ander-son wasn’t an acceptable provider under the ObamaCare policy. 
So today I will provide a very quick 
snapshot of the thousands of letters I have received, and I am sure they are typical of the letters we have all re-ceived from our constituents about the problems they have encountered with ObamaCare. 
One of my constituents recently 
wrote to me to tell me her story, and it is similar to the narrative I have heard from many others. Her insurance plan was canceled last fall because it didn’t meet the mandates of ObamaCare. As a result, she had to switch to a more ex-pensive policy, one with a higher monthly payment and an $11,000 de-ductible. What good is it to have an in-surance policy with an $11,000 deduct-ible? How many Americans can self-in-sure and pay that bill so that they can take advantage of what limited cov-erage they actually have under such a policy? 
She went on to say that she was noti-
fied that her plan would once again be terminated for the next year, and her monthly costs would go up again as a result. To top it off, she would end up losing her primary care provider. In other words, the doctor she preferred would no longer be available to her under this new policy that she would be forced to buy at a higher price. 
She is like a lot of folks around the 
country—full of questions and frustra-tions and seemingly nowhere to turn to find any relief for her spouse, for her children, or for their small business. 
This particular constituent implored 
me and Congress to do something about it. She said: ‘‘Senator C
ORNYN , 
this has caused turmoil throughout Texas . . . we are terrorized in our own country by the so-called benefit of the Affordable Care Act.’’ Those are her words, not mine. She said her family was terrorized by ObamaCare. 
The strong message she conveyed is 
not all that different from what I have heard from other people. Another con-stituent raised a similar issue. He is now, for the third time in as many 
years, searching for yet another health insurance plan after his was canceled. He went on to highlight another theme that is impossible to miss when I talk to folks back home about this topic. He said: 
I seem to remember the President saying 
something about liking your insurance and being able to keep it? For myself and my family it’s been just the opposite. We loved our insurance prior to the passage of the act and have since been forced to purchase much more expensive insurance with much higher deductibles. 
Well, he is right. And in just a few 
hours we are going to have a chance to vote on the Johnson amendment to this legislation we are considering, which is an ‘‘If you like it, you can keep it’’ amendment, to keep that guarantee. We will see how our friends on the other side of the aisle vote, who forced this flawed legislation down the throats of the American people, based on this experience. 
Just like many other Texans, the 
people I have talked about back home have seen their premiums and their deductibles skyrocket to unaffordable levels. Along with this anemic econ-omy and flat wages, people have found themselves with less and less money in their pockets and found themselves with a decreased and diminished stand-ard of living, which has caused a lot of frustration. 
This particular constituent ended his 
letter to me by asking the Members of Congress to ‘‘do anything within your power to reverse this terrible healthcare trend. . . . I need relief,’’ he said. 
We have reached a pretty scary time 
in our Nation’s history when we have Americans writing and calling their elected representatives saying they need relief from their own government. The threat is not outside; people are being threatened by their own govern-ment and the overreach they see and the negative impact it has on their quality of life and their standard of liv-ing. 
So we have a duty now—we have a 
mandate, I believe—to repeal this ter-rible law and to make it a relic of the past, and we are going to do our duty. We are going to keep our promise to the American people today. 
There was an outcry from my con-
stituents back home on another topic that gripped our attention—the hor-rific videos released showing Planned Parenthood executives callously dis-cussing the harvesting of organs from unborn children. We seem to have for-gotten those terrible videos and what they have depicted. 
This bill will also do something to 
defund Planned Parenthood and redi-rect those funds to the many commu-nity health centers that exist in Texas and across the country that day in and day out diligently provide health care to people in my State and around the country. There will be no less money directed toward public health care; it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.012 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8328 December 3, 2015 
will be redirected away from Planned 
Parenthood and to the community health centers. 
By the way, there are a whole lot 
more community health centers, so there will actually be improved access for most Americans at community health centers. 
By repealing ObamaCare, we are 
doing more than just delivering on a promise; we are providing a way for-ward for millions of Americans around this country who have been hurt—not helped but hurt—by ObamaCare. We will do our best to help them find some relief, as one of my constituents whom I just quoted implored. 
We look forward to passing this legis-
lation to scrap ObamaCare and to bring this country one step closer to making it history. 
Again, this isn’t just about repealing 
ObamaCare; this is about replacing it with coverage that people want and that suits their personal needs at a price they can afford. One would have thought that health care reform would be about making health care more af-fordable, but, in fact, ObamaCare was just the opposite. It made it more ex-pensive and less affordable, as we have seen and as I have tried to point out in my remarks. 
I don’t see any other Senator seeking 
recognition, so I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRAGEDY IN SAN BERNARDINO  
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, when I 
woke up this morning, I had hoped that yesterday’s tragedy in San Bernardino was just an unimaginable nightmare. Then, as I usually do in the morning, I went through the clips from my State and I read the headlines: 
‘‘Bloodbath in San Bernardino.’’ ‘‘14 slain at California office party.’’ ‘‘Carnage in California.’’ ‘‘Shooting Rampage Sows Terror in 
California.’’ 
‘‘At Least 14 Dead in Mass Shoot-
ing.’’ 
‘‘Deadly rampage at holiday party.’’ ‘‘A Day of Horror.’’ ‘‘Horror Hits Home.’’ ‘‘‘Horrific’.’’ Just one word. ‘‘Masked Mass Murder.’’ These are papers all over my State 
and a couple of national headlines. 
My heart is broken after this ram-
page that led to the tragic loss of life, so many injuries, so much trauma and pain for the people of San Bernardino. 
I thank the medical personnel who 
are working as we speak to save lives and all the brave, courageous law en-forcement officers who rushed to the scene and later stopped these killers. 
We know the victims in this attack 
were county employees at the San Bernardino Department of Public 
Health. I began my career as a county supervisor, and I oversaw in Marin County the Department of Public Health. I know how dedicated those county employees are. They are right there. They are right there in the com-munities. And the facility was dedi-cated to helping disabled people. So for this to happen at a holiday party where these employees were gathering in friendship—it is a stunning shock. 
While details about the motive be-
hind this despicable attack are still un-known, here is what we do know: Be-cause these killers used military-style weapons, 14 people died and 17 people were wounded in a matter of minutes. 
The purpose of these guns, these 
military-style guns, is to kill a lot of people very fast. The scene looked like a war zone, and there is a reason for that—again, because these weapons are designed for the military. They are de-signed for the police. 
I have to be honest with my col-
leagues: I have never heard one persua-sive argument about why anyone else would need to have this type of weap-on. These weapons of war just don’t be-long on our streets and in our commu-nities. My colleague Senator F
EINSTEIN  
for years has been pushing sensible leg-islation that would keep these mili-tary-style weapons off our streets. We need to stand with her. We need to stand with her across party lines and pass it. 
It is so discouraging that we can’t 
even pass legislation here that would keep suspected terrorists who are on the no-fly list from legally buying a weapon—any kind of a weapon. 
It isn’t enough for us to keep lament-
ing these tragedies; we need to take ac-tion now, before something else like this happens again in the Presiding Of-ficer’s State, in my State. When we take an oath of office, we swear that we will protect and defend the Amer-ican people. I just don’t think we are protecting them when we allow these types of weapons to get into the wrong hands. 
This year we are averaging more 
than one mass shooting every single day—multiple people killed by guns, innocent people, every day. This is America. This doesn’t happen in other industrialized nations. Thirty-one peo-ple die every day from gun violence. After 10 years of the Vietnam war, we lost nearly 60,000 Americans, and peo-ple were in despair. We lose more than that in gun violence in less than 2 years in this great Nation. If there were anything else that caused the death of 30,000 Americans a year, every single Senator would be in their chair and we would be demanding action and we would be crossing over party lines to stop it because that, my friends, is an epidemic. 
People deserve to feel safe in their 
communities. I don’t understand it. They deserve to feel safe when they go to a holiday party at work. They de-serve to be safe sitting in these gal-leries. They deserve to be safe going to 
a movie theater. They deserve to be safe in their school when they are 6 years old or 16 or 26. They deserve to be 
safe in their workplace, at a shopping mall, at a restaurant, and at a health care clinic. 
This is our job, to keep our people 
safe. We know the threats that face us abroad, and we have threats at home. So we need to do both. We need to pro-tect our people abroad from threats abroad and from threats at home. The very best way to honor the victims of gun violence is to take sensible steps that are supported by the American people, such as universal background checks, safety features on guns, keep-ing assault weapons in the hands of our military and our police, and keeping guns out of the hands of people who are unbalanced, unstable, criminals. Then we can prevent these tragedies. 
Will we prevent every tragedy? No. I 
know my friends will say: Well, some-one can have a knife. Yes. It is a lot easier to get away from a knife than an automatic weapon that mows you down before you can even look up and figure out what is happening. 
I am crying out today for support for 
sensible gun laws, and regardless of motive—regardless of motive—we need to make sure that military weapons be-long in the hands of the military and the police. It is pretty straightforward. Our people are not safe. I don’t care what State you look at, I don’t care what city you look at, I don’t care what county you look at. 
San Bernardino is a beautiful place. I 
don’t live far from there. I have an of-fice about 15 minutes or less from there. People deserve to feel safe in our communities. So I send my love, my prayers, my solidarity to the commu-nity, to the families, to the first re-sponders, and to everyone there. Yes, we are going to pull together, as all these communities do, but we need to prevent these things from happening because if we don’t, we are liable. 
I believe we are liable. We know what 
is killing people every day. It is gun vi-olence, and we know it. I am not a law-yer, but I have a lot of family members who are lawyers—my son is, my father was, my husband is—and I think once you know something is happening and you can do something about it and you don’t do something about it, you are liable—maybe not in a legal sense, but in a moral sense. 
So I hope we can come together 
around this. Every time the press comes in and asks me, tragedy after tragedy after tragedy: Will something happen now? After Sandy Hook, I said: Absolutely. We are going to come to-gether. We did not. We did not. 
I want to close with this. In Cali-
fornia we have tough gun laws. I don’t know how these weapons got where they were. We will find out. People say: Well, we have these gun laws. Look at this; we have had a 56 percent reduc-tion of gun violence since 1993 in my great State because we have taken ac-tion. But this is one Nation under God. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.013 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8329 December 3, 2015 
If somebody comes from a nearby 
State, from the North, from the East, and they have a gun—that is why it is so important for us to work together to have sensible national laws and uni-versal background checks. Almost 90 percent of the people support it. The majority of NRA members support it. What is wrong with us that we can’t do that? What are we afraid of? 
These military assault-style weapons 
kill so fast—and so many people. We should make sure they are in the hands of the military and the police. 
My heart is heavy and will remain so. 
This is supposed to be a great day for a lot of us who worked so long and hard on the highway bill. This was a mo-ment we were waiting for, and that is what life’s about. You know, there are these moments that you savor, and there are moments that you wish to God you never had to talk about or ex-perience. That is the kind of day it is for this particular Senator, and I know Senator F
EINSTEIN feels the same way. 
I thank you very much, and I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss an amendment I filed to the reconciliation bill, amendment No. 2887, to strengthen Pell grants. 
This amendment provides middle- 
class families with the kind of stable funding source that they can rely on when it comes to paying for college. Pell grants have historically been the key investment in helping low-income students pay for college. Most of my colleagues would agree that a good education is one of the surest paths to the middle class. 
In 1980, the maximum Federal Pell 
grant covered about 77 percent of in- state, 4-year college tuition. Now Pell grants account for only one-third of those costs. Rising college costs pre-vent many low-income students, no matter how hard they work, from being able to go to college and thus from reaching the middle class. 
If the Senate can accomplish one 
thing that invests in our Nation’s fu-ture, it should be to enact policies that help to stabilize and expand the middle class. We all know there is a growing income disparity in our country that is whittling down our middle class and making it harder and harder for people to get ahead in the first place. Key to the path forward for many is college af-fordability. Pell grants are a critical part of college affordability. 
Almost half of all college students in 
the United States receive Pell grants to help fund their education, including 23,000 students in my home State of Hawaii. Unfortunately, Pell grants— the largest Federal student aid pro-gram—which are primarily funded by discretionary, not mandatory, funding appropriations, do not provide the kind of stable funding source that families can rely upon. Each year Congress in its discretion determines how much funding goes to Pell grants. This should change. Federal financial aid 
should be a resource that students and their families can count on, that they can plan around. 
To that end, the amendment I filed 
would do two things. First, it would convert the Pell Grant Program from the discretionary side of the budget to the mandatory side of the budget for 5 years. That way, eligible families won’t have to worry each year about congres-sional appropriations, at least for 5 years, and they can plan their financ-ing for an entire 4-year degree. Second, my amendment would index Pell grants annually for inflation. That means that as college costs rise, so, too, will they allow Federal aid to low- income students. 
Students and their families should 
have confidence that if they commit to earning an education, Federal support will be there for their hard work. My amendment would give them that sta-bility. 
This amendment is paid for by clos-
ing tax loopholes for corporate execu-tives and hedge fund managers and by instituting the Buffett rule, to ensure that Americans who earn over $1 mil-lion per year pay their fair share of taxes—tax fairness from those who earn more in a year than many college graduates may earn in their lifetimes. 
To give a hand-up to the next genera-
tion of strivers is more than reasonable to me. Access to educational oppor-tunity is not a handout. Graduates will still have to work hard to get good jobs, start businesses, and succeed, and when they succeed, our country suc-ceeds. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment to stabilize and strengthen the middle class and to invest in our next generation of leaders. 
The amendment to the underlying 
bill would improve it, but the under-lying bill is deeply flawed. The under-lying bill before us would take away health care access for millions of women, seniors, and low-income work-ing people by gutting the Affordable Care Act, defunding Planned Parent-hood, and undermining investment and prevention and research. The resultant harm to our people is a poison pill that we cannot impose on American fami-lies. This Republican bill, which does little for the middle class and working people, will be vetoed by the President. The Republicans know this, and yet they are bound and determined to pass this harmful legislation as soon and as fast as possible. 
I ask my colleagues to stop, pause, 
and get our country back on track by supporting and strengthening the mid-dle class, by giving a hand-up to the people who represent our country’s fu-ture, and by not yanking the rug out from under the millions of Americans who rely on health care. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, a few 
months ago I asked my Republican col-leagues if they had fallen down, hit 
their heads, and thought they woke up in the 1950s. Today I am back to check on my Republican colleagues because it appears they are suffering from a se-rious case of memory loss. 
Before I call the doctors at Mass Gen-
eral, I have to say this really isn’t a joke. I truly, honestly cannot come up with a better reason why my Repub-lican colleagues have forced us back to the Senate floor once again to talk about another reckless scheme to defund Planned Parenthood. What is with you guys? 
Remember this summer? Republicans 
launched a deliberate, orchestrated plan to defund women’s health care centers. Let me just clarify. This was not a plan to defund abortions because for nearly 40 years the Federal Govern-ment has prohibited Federal funding 
for abortion. Nope. The plan was to defund Planned Parenthood health care centers that nearly 2.7 million people use every year, health care centers that one in five women across America has used for cancer screenings, preg-nancy and STD tests, birth control, and other basic medical care. 
To a lot of women and to a lot of 
men, the effort to defund Planned Par-enthood health care centers was an overt attack on women’s access to needed and legal health care. When the Republicans forced the Senate to vote on a bill to defund Planned Parent-hood, it failed—and rightly so. That should have been the end of it, but Re-publican extremists just won’t quit. In fact, they are doubling down. 
Today Senate Republicans will use a 
special maneuver to hold another vote to defund Planned Parenthood, this time needing only 50 votes to pass in-stead of the usual 60. Even if they pass this reconciliation bill, President Obama has said he will veto it, but some Republican extremists vow to press on, using the most extreme tac-tics possible, taking the government hostage. They want to attach a rider to the government funding bill and threaten to shut down the government 10 days from now unless the Democrats agree to defund Planned Parenthood. Does that sound familiar? Well, that is because it is the very same tactic used in 2013 when Republicans shut down the government over the Affordable Care Act and flushed $24 billion down the drain—the very same tactic that former Speaker John Boehner admitted was a ‘‘predictable disaster.’’ 
Republicans may like playing poli-
tics with Planned Parenthood, but this isn’t a game for the millions of women who depend on Planned Parenthood for basic medical care every year and who have nowhere else to go. Threatening to shut down the government is cer-tainly not a game. It is not a game for cancer patients who could be turned away from clinical trials at NIH. It is not a game for small businesses that depend on our national parks being open for tourist visits. It is not a game 
for seniors who need their Medicare pa-perwork processed or for the veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.015 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8330 December 3, 2015 
whose benefits could be at risk, and it 
is not a game for the hundreds of thou-sands of Federal employees across this country—from park rangers to sci-entists to cafeteria workers and jani-tors at government buildings—who could be sent home 2 weeks before Christmas with no paycheck coming in. 
This radical assault on women’s 
health care and reproductive rights has gone on long enough. So in case my Re-publican colleagues are suffering from short-term memory loss, let me spell this out again loud and clear. We will not allow you to turn back the clock on women’s health and women’s rights. If you try to sneak provisions into the government funding bill to defund Planned Parenthood, we will fight you every step of the way, and we will win. That is not a threat; that is a promise. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator from New 
Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
rise this morning in opposition to the reconciliation bill that we are consid-ering today. There are a number of rea-sons I have concerns, but one of the most important has to do with its re-peal of the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act, while it is not per-fect, is working. More Americans than ever before have access to health care. 
In New Hampshire, almost 45,000 peo-
ple have received health insurance through the exchange. Most of those people did not have health care cov-erage before the Affordable Care Act, and the majority of these people are getting insurance premium support to make it more affordable. 
In New Hampshire, another 44,000 
people are getting coverage through Medicaid expansion. The Governor and the State legislature worked long and hard to come to a bipartisan agree-ment—a Democratic Governor and a Republican legislature—on how to ex-pand Medicaid in a way that works for New Hampshire. The reconciliation bill that we are considering today would turn back the clock on all of that work. It would repeal Medicaid expan-sion, and it would eliminate coverage for so many of the people who need it the most. 
In short, this bill would wreak havoc 
on the lives of families and individuals, people such as Deborah from Conway, NH. She and her husband own a small business. They work hard, and they live within their means. But for 17 years, they have been without health insurance, and they have had to forego health care services because of costs. 
As a result of Medicaid expansion, 
Deborah was recently able to go to the doctor for her first physical in 18 years. Imagine that; it was her first physical in 18 years. During that exam, she dis-covered that she has high blood pres-sure and that she is at risk for cancer. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, she is able to take the preventive meas-ures. She expects to live a long, healthy life and is probably going to 
save money because she has received this preventive care. We cannot turn our backs on people such as Deborah and her family. 
Finally, the reconciliation bill would 
defund Planned Parenthood, which would deny access to 12,000 women in New Hampshire access to health care providers they trust and to services they need. For many of those women, Planned Parenthood is the easiest, most affordable, and best way for them, and—in many cases—the only way for them to get the care they need. I proudly stand with the millions of women who rely on Planned Parent-hood, and I will continue to oppose any attempt to defund such an important component of our health care system. 
While I remain gravely concerned 
about the underlying bill, I am pleased to join Senators W
YDEN and M URRAY  
today in offering an amendment to ad-dress an issue that is vitally important to New Hampshire, to northern New England, and to much of the country, and that is this epidemic of heroin and opioid abuse. 
In New Hampshire and across this 
country, drug abuse has reached epi-demic proportions. Each day 120 Ameri-cans die of drug overdoses. That is two deaths every hour. 
In New Hampshire we are losing a 
person a day due to drug overdoses. Drug overdose deaths have exceeded car crashes as the No. 1 cause of fatali-ties in the United States. We just had a report come out that shows that for the first time in years, the lifespan of White Americans is going down. It is going down for one reason that was cited, and that is because of drug overdoses. Mental health illness and drug abuse is a national public health emergency, and it is time for us to act. 
What the amendment we are offering 
will do is to take important steps to provide critical resources for the pre-vention, intervention, and treatment of mental illness and substance abuse dis-orders. The amendment will ensure that any health insurance plan pur-chased on the exchange is held to men-tal health parity and addiction equity standards, and it will make it easy for consumers to know what benefits are covered and the insurance plan’s denial records. 
Importantly, the amendment makes 
it easier for patients to receive medica-tion-assisted treatment drugs—drugs such as methadone, naltrexone and naloxone, commonly known as Narcan, and it prohibits lifetime limits on those drugs. 
Our amendment also strengthens 
Medicaid coverage of services to pre-vent and treat mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorders. Again, not only do we have this epidemic, but we don’t have enough treatment beds, we don’t have enough treatment facilities, and we don’t have enough providers to as-sist and support those people who are trying to get clean. For years, Med-icaid has been prohibited from reim-bursing medically necessary care to pa-
tients in residential or treatment fa-cilities with more than 16 beds. 
Historically, this has been a barrier 
for patients who need these treatments for drug abuse and who have limited access to that treatment. Our amend-ment would enable more people to re-ceive these services by allowing reim-bursement for these facilities in States that have expanded Medicaid, such as New Hampshire. The amendment will also provide additional Medicaid Fed-eral funding to help States provide community treatment programs and health homes for those in need of help. 
Finally, this amendment provides 
over $15 billion of needed funding to States and municipalities to help ad-dress the public health emergency in those States and communities that are the frontlines of this crisis. 
Through the substance abuse preven-
tion and treatment block grants and the community mental health service block grants, this service is targeted to those most at risk for substance abuse and mental illness, giving the States flexibility to develop and fund pro-grams that work best for them. This 
prevention, intervention, and treat-ment of substance abuse and mental health disorders have the potential to make the difference in millions of lives. 
The amendment is fully paid for by 
closing tax loopholes. With the tools provided in this amendment, we can change the lives of those struggling with mental illness and substance abuse disorders, and we can turn the tide of this national public health epi-demic. 
I thank you all, and I hope that as we 
consider this reconciliation bill, we will have the opportunity to vote on this amendment and that there would be support to address the critical crisis we are facing because of heroin and opioid abuse. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I 
am going to take a few minutes to talk about the reconciliation bill that we are discussing and debating on the Sen-ate floor this week, particularly the focus on repealing the Affordable Care Act, or what is called ObamaCare. There are many, many aspects of the bill that we are debating—the indi-vidual mandate, the Cadillac tax, the employer mandate. These will all be gone. Essentially, we will start the process of what I believe the vast ma-jority of Americans want, which is real, affordable health care, not what we currently have. 
I was recently home in Anchorage, 
AK. A lot of us get a sense of what our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.017 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8331 December 3, 2015 
constituents are feeling by going about 
doing our basic chores and running er-rands when we are back home. Two weeks ago, in the course of 2 hours of getting gas, at a grocery store, and at Lowe’s, I had three different Alaskans come up to me and plead to do some-thing about ObamaCare, how it was wiping out their home income and their small business—three in 2 hours. 
Similarly, I was in Fairbanks a few 
days ago and heard from another small business owner. They made the same plea that many small business owners I have heard from in Alaska have talked about. They have had health insurance for their employees for years where they have taken care of them. Yet the increases in the costs of these plans are such that their companies will not be able to operate. They have this huge dilemma: to continue to cover their employees whom they care a lot about—some of whom have been work-ing for decades—or to dump them into the marketplace, because that is the only way the company can survive. 
That is the dilemma that this bill is 
putting people into. Hardly a day passes where I don’t hear from con-stituents about the problems they are having. Let me give you a couple of ex-amples. 
A family in Eagle River, AK, will pay 
$1,200 a month in premiums with a $10,000 deductible under the new Af-fordable Care Act. A couple in Anchor-age will be paying $3,131 a month in premiums—almost $38,000 a year. 
Here is an excerpt from a constituent 
letter: 
The renewal paperwork that I just received 
estimated our new payment to be just over $1,000/month—doubling our monthly expense. . . . What is a young family to do? 
Here is another constituent: ‘‘There 
is nothing ‘affordable’ about the Af-fordable Health Care Act.’’ 
Another constituent said: 
Insurance rates are killing my small busi-
ness. . . . We have tried to keep our employ-ees and their families covered but don’t see how we can continue to [be in business]. 
Here is another constituent of mine: 
‘‘Please, please help us!!’’ They are beg-ging for help. 
Teachers, construction workers, 
small business owners, self-sufficient Alaskans—so many of them—are ask-ing for help because of what this Fed-eral Government did to them. 
The numbers don’t lie. In Alaska and 
throughout the country, workers and families are suffering. Small businesses are being squeezed. Job creation is being stymied. Nearly every single promise made by the President of the United States and the supporters of this bill in the Congress has been bro-ken. 
Let me remind my colleagues what 
some of those promises were. Here is one from the President: ‘‘If you like your health care plan, you’ll be able to keep your health care plan.’’ 
Here is another one from the Presi-
dent: ‘‘If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.’’ The law, he told the American peo-
ple, ‘‘means more choice, more com-petition, lower costs for millions of Americans.’’ 
He told the American public that pre-
miums would be reduced on average for Americans for their health care plans by $2,500. But again, the numbers we see don’t lie. Costs are soaring all over our country. For example, a bronze plan under ObamaCare, the least ex-pensive insurance available on the ex-change, costs on average—this is a na-tional average—$420 a month, with an average deductible of $5,653 for an indi-vidual and close to $11,600 for a family. 
Remember former Speaker of the 
House and ObamaCare promoter N
ANCY  
PELOSI with her line about how impor-
tant it was to pass ObamaCare so we could all figure out what was in it. She promised that ObamaCare would create ‘‘4 million jobs—400,000 jobs almost im-mediately.’’ That was the former Speaker. 
Let’s see what the Congressional 
Budget Office says about that promise. Recently, the CBO projected that ObamaCare will result in 2 million fewer jobs in 2017 and 2.5 million fewer jobs in America by 2024. Obviously, that promise didn’t come true. Promise after promise was unfulfilled. It is no wonder the American people have such a low opinion of the Federal Govern-ment and the Congress. 
What is of the laudable goal of health 
insurance for the uninsured? It is a very laudable goal, and there is no doubt about it—affordable health in-surance for the uninsured. ObamaCare is barely moving the needle. Today there are 35 million people who don’t have health insurance. According to the CBO, 10 years from now there is still going to be approximately 27 mil-lion people who don’t have coverage under this system. 
Let me get a little more specific in 
terms of my State. Probably no other State in the country has been more negatively damaged by ObamaCare than Alaska. Five insurance companies originally offered coverage in our ex-changes in Alaska, offering a glimmer of hope of what is really needed in the health care market, which is competi-tion. Today only two are left to provide individual insurance on the health care exchange. Both will be increasing pre-miums by approximately 40 percent this year. In Anchorage, for the lowest level plan—a bronze plan—premiums are going to go up 46 percent. 
There you go—major metropolitan 
areas in the United States. Look at the far left. That is Anchorage, AK, and at 46 percent in 1 year, it will make it one of the most expensive and the biggest increase in terms of metropolitan areas in the United States. 
Let me give you another example. A 
40-year-old nonsmoker—individual— who doesn’t receive subsidies will pay anywhere from $579 to $678 a month in premiums for a bronze plan with a de-ductible of either $5,250 for the more expensive premium or $6,850 for the less expensive premium. Remember, ObamaCare requires 
Alaskans and Americans to purchase these plans. Remember what it did for the first time in U.S. history. The Con-gress of the United States told the American people: You must buy a prod-uct; you have to or you will be penal-ized. 
That brings me to the penalties. Be-
cause of the prohibitive costs, some in Alaska and many across the country have chosen to go without coverage and pay the yearly fine under ObamaCare. But that fine is also very expensive. Alaskans and Americans are asking: What is the point? What is the point of having health insurance that has been forced on them by their Fed-eral Government and that they can’t afford? Others are foregoing seeing their doctors altogether. 
A recent Gallup poll found that in 
2014 one in three Americans says they have put off getting medical treatment they or their family members need be-cause with these numbers it is too ex-pensive. They are not going to the doc-tor. Again, what is the point? You have health insurance, but you can’t go see your doctor because it is too expensive. That number, by the way—one in three—is among the highest number in the Gallup poll’s 14-year history of pos-ing this question. 
As the costs rise, the numbers will 
continue to rise. Not surprisingly, given all of these numbers, given that number, a recent poll found that de-spite 6 years of being under ObamaCare, where our citizens of the United States were supposed to finally be comfortable with it, to understand it, to have it working, still 52 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of it—only 44 percent, favorable. 
For Alaskans, this is only going to 
get worse. The so-called Cadillac tax— one of the numerous taxes embedded in ObamaCare—is going to kick in for 2018. It will be devastating for indi-vidual Alaskans, for union members, and for small businesses across Alaska. It has been estimated that as many as 90 percent of Alaska businesses will be faced with the increased Cadillac tax. That is a tax of an additional 40 per-cent on these benefits. Many small businesses in Alaska will not be able to afford this. An employer with 20 em-ployees, under the Cadillac tax will pay an estimated $28,000 a year more in taxes—just for the Cadillac tax on a small business. That can be the dif-ference between make or break for that business. 
Who is going to get hurt by this? 
Small businesses, but more impor-tantly, their employees, their workers will. Those extra costs are going to trickle down to the workers, likely in the form of reduced benefits and re-duced wages and more problems with their health insurance plan. 
As I mentioned, it is not just small 
businesses. Hard-working Alaskans covered under union plans will also very likely be hit by the Cadillac tax, requiring them to pay much more, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.018 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8332 December 3, 2015 
so will State and local government em-
ployer plans. 
For all of these reasons, one of my 
campaign promises was to vote to re-peal ObamaCare. I certainly plan to do it today when we take up this rec-onciliation measure. I certainly hope it is going to pass. 
When this legislation gets to the 
President’s desk, what will happen then? Well, he is likely going to veto it again. I hope he looks at these numbers and recognizes what a mistake this bill was and agrees with us to work to-gether to replace it, but he is likely going to veto it, and in doing so will likely mislead Americans again by claiming that ObamaCare is working. It is not working. 
Let me give you another example of 
how it is not working. UnitedHealth, one of the Nation’s biggest insurance companies, recently announced that because of its huge losses, it may pull out of ObamaCare altogether. If United pulls out, then others are likely to fol-low. 
Premera Blue Cross Blue Shield of 
Alaska, one of the only health insurers left in Alaska offering coverage on the exchange, said that it can’t continue to sustain losses under the exchange. 
As bad laws often do, ObamaCare 
contains the seed of its own destruc-tion. But for the sake of millions of Americans and thousands of Alaskans who have been sold a false bill of goods, we can’t simply wait to see it self-de-struct. This was not the health care that was promised to Americans, and we can’t let it get worse. We need to act, and that is why I am joining with my colleagues today to repeal this law. We need to look at replacing it with one that includes provisions that are missing, such as tort reform. We need a system that encourages purchasing in-surance across State lines, encourages patient-centered care, and allows the kind of doctor-patient relationship that has been the hallmark of Amer-ican care for many years. 
Contrary to what some on the other 
side of the aisle have claimed, there have been many alternatives proposed to ObamaCare. The plan in the Senate has been introduced by Senators H
ATCH  
and B URR and Congressman F RED 
UPTON on the House side. Their legisla-
tion includes many of these important reforms. It will allow people to actu-ally get involved in their own health care and not watch this train wreck in terms of health care becoming unaffordable for Americans throughout all of the different States. 
When selling the law to the public, 
President Obama talked about the fierce urgency of now. That is exactly what I am hearing from my constitu-ents when they write: Please, please help us. What is a young family to do? The fierce urgency of now is now. 
Finally, I wish to comment on a 
number of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who have been lament-ing that this reconciliation vote we are going to take today is going to be along party lines. They have been la-
menting that this might be some kind of partisan vote. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, this 
is a bit rich and a bit ironic. It is very important to remember that 6 years ago, almost to the day, this legislation passed in the Senate and the House by a party-line vote—a partisan vote—so to hear their concerns now rings a lit-tle hollow. That was not a wise move back then. 
One important lesson of U.S. history 
is that most, if not all, major pieces of legislation in the Congress on impor-tant social issues have been passed with bipartisan majorities, which helps to make legislation sustainable. That happens when the American people back that kind of legislation. 
The American people have never 
backed this legislation, but democracy has an interesting way of working—not always quickly, but eventually. This law is not popular. It was never sup-ported by the American people, and they are noticing. As a matter of fact, of the 60 U.S. Senators who voted for this law 6 years ago, 30 are no longer in this Chamber. That is democracy work-ing. 
We are going to take that vote again 
today. I am hoping some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle will join us in repealing a law that doesn’t work and is dramatically harm-ing Americans so we can move on to a health care plan that helps us, helps families, and prevents constituents from writing to their Members of the Senate and begging for help, which is what is going on right now because of this bill. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise 
to speak about some of the matters we are working on today with regard to votes that will take place later on. 
We now are in a period in our eco-
nomic history where we have had a sig-nificant recovery, but we still have a ways to go and still have families across the country who are living with some economic uncertainty. We can take steps today and certainly over the next couple of days and, we hope, in 2016 to ease some of that uncertainty or to create more economic certainty for our families, especially middle- class families. 
One of the most important steps we 
can take to address some of the chal-lenges our families face is to boost middle-class incomes. The most signifi-
cant challenge we have as a nation right now, I believe over the long term, is what will happen to incomes—espe-cially what will happen to middle-class incomes—over time. 
I have an amendment today that will 
address part of the solution or part of the strategy to raising incomes. One of those ideas is an expansion of the child and dependent care tax credit, which is a tax credit that helps families afford childcare, and so I will speak about that for a couple of minutes today. The other issue we are going to deal with is the so-called dual-earner tax credit, which helps families who have young children where both parents work out-side the home. 
I don’t think it is a news bulletin to 
anyone here or across the country that the cost of childcare has skyrocketed, especially in recent years. A recent study by the Pew Foundation found that average weekly childcare expenses rose 70 percent between 1985 and 2013. So the cost every week that a family is paying for childcare is up basically 70 percent in 30 years or 25 to 30 years. 
That is one of the many costs that 
have gone up in the lives of middle- class families. Their childcare costs have gone way up, the cost of higher education has gone way up in that time period, the cost of health care, the cost of energy, and the cost of food. It seems as though for a middle-class family, every cost or every number we would hope would be going down or lev-eling off is going up. As a result, childcare is increasingly becoming lit-erally unaffordable for middle-class families. 
That is a reality in a context where 
we know that the cost is going up at a time when all the evidence shows that quality childcare can have a substan-tially positive impact on a child’s life. One of the reasons quality childcare matters so much to a child is because they have opportunities to learn. One thing I have said over and over again is that if our children learn more now— meaning when they are in those early years—when they are in childcare set-tings, they are going to earn more later. That direct linkage, which all the evidence shows—all the data shows, all the studies show—the linkage be-tween learning and earning is substan-tial. One of the best ways to make sure kids learn more now and earn more later when they are in the workforce is to make sure they have quality childcare. 
To give one example, in Pennsylvania 
the average cost for full-time daycare for an infant is $10,640. For a 4-year-old, it is $8,072. Those numbers sound al-most like approaching college tuition maybe at some public universities. Double-figure, thousand-dollar num-bers for childcare is almost hard to comprehend—$10,640 for an infant and $8,072 for a 4-year-old. So what does that mean for, for example, married couples in Pennsylvania? It means that about 12 percent of their annual in-come is dedicated to childcare. How 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.019 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8333 December 3, 2015 
about for a single-parent family? For a 
single mother, those numbers translate into 44 percent of her income. Forty- four percent of that single mom’s in-come is going to childcare. And she has to have it because she has to work. This isn’t something extra, something nice to do; she has to have that childcare. She has to be able to pay for it. And in a State such as Pennsyl-vania, which I think is fairly typical of the country when it comes to these costs, if that single mother is having to pay 44 percent of her income on childcare, that makes it very hard for her to makes ends meet, if not impos-sible. 
That is why the Tax Code has long 
recognized the need to provide families 
with tax relief to offset childcare ex-penses through the child and dependent care tax credit. However, the way this tax credit is currently structured, it means that few families can benefit from it. 
Here is what we should do. We should 
make the full credit available to most working families. More than 85 percent of taxpayers in Pennsylvania, for ex-ample, with children would receive the full benefit if our amendment passes. We should increase the maximum amount of the credit for children under 5 from $1,500 to $3,000, thereby reducing the cost of childcare by 35 percent. That would be one of the positive bene-fits of passing the amendment. Third, we should ensure that lower income families are better able to benefit from the credit by making it fully refund-able. We have not done that. We should do that. That is what families would benefit from. Finally, we should retain the value over time by indexing the benefits in income thresholds to infla-tion. 
That is what we do on the child and 
dependent care tax credit—a substan-tially positive advancement for fami-lies trying to pay for childcare as the cost of everything in their life is going up, for middle-class families especially. 
Second, we have the so-called dual- 
earner tax credit. We want to expand those tax credits for working parents with young children. The amendment includes a provision which would pro-vide up to a $700 tax credit on sec-ondary earners’ income for parents with children who are under the age of 12. 
We know that as our workforce 
changes, we must develop policy that ensures that our Tax Code rewards work and expands opportunity for working middle-class families. That should be the goal of everyone here. I think on a lot of days it is, but some-times the Senate doesn’t focus on those priorities. Make the Tax Code reward 
work and expand opportunity. If we enact these policies we will guarantee that these middle-class families see their incomes go up and we can do it in a fiscally responsible way that pays for these tax cuts by closing the most egregious tax loopholes. 
The amendment will say that compa-
nies can no longer evade U.S. taxes through so-called corporate inversions, 
which is when a large company buys another company overseas and then claims their headquarters are abroad. The inversion strategy that some com-panies have employed has been an abuse of the Tax Code and frankly an insult to working Americans. 
We also ask, as a way to pay for these 
changes, that the very wealthy who have received lots of relief over the last decade—the kind of tax relief we have not seen in my judgment in human history, not just U.S. history— those folks at the very top have gotten a very good deal for the last couple of decades, especially the last decade or so, and this Senator thinks a lot of those folks would like to help their country and would like to help us pay for these commonsense tax relief provi-sions for middle-class families, espe-cially as it relates to paying for the costs of childcare. 
How do we do that? We can enact as 
part of one of the pay-fors the so-called Buffett rule, named after Warren Buffett—a pretty wealthy guy—but he has supported a measure that would ensure that a secretary or teacher doesn’t have a higher tax rate than someone making millions of dollars a year or literally billions a year. 
Finally, we would ensure that those 
who run very large corporations aren’t able to use loopholes to avoid paying taxes. So these basic, commonsense steps would make sure our Tax Code works for the middle class and not just those at the very top. In particular, the way the Senate can focus on middle- class incomes is to put in place policies that help families pay for some of the biggest expenses they face, such as childcare. 
Finally, Madam President, I will 
move to the issue of Medicaid. I know my colleague Senator B
ROWN is on the 
floor and has worked so hard on this issue over many years. I want to talk about a matter we are working on to-gether, and I appreciate his leadership on Medicaid. 
The effort we are undertaking would 
bolster the work we have done over the last 5 years to expand access to Med-icaid. When Medicaid was expanded on the Affordable Care Act, the so-called Federal medical assistance percentage, FMAP, basically is when the Federal Government contributes to help States cover the cost of Medicaid. That was set at 100 percent for 2016. Beginning in 2017 the Federal Government’s con-tribution would decrease until it gets to 90 percent in 2020. The amendment that Senator B
ROWN , I, and others will 
put forth will keep the Federal con-tribution at 100 percent until 2020, in-stead of letting it drop to 90 percent at 2020. 
Pennsylvania has expanded into the 
Medicaid Program. We are happy about that, but in doing that what Pennsyl-vania did is they ensured that all indi-viduals with incomes up to 133 percent of poverty were covered. Other States have not done this. This has created a so-called coverage gap that is impact-
ing over 3 million people around the country. 
One of the reasons States point to in 
refusing to expand Medicaid is they cannot afford to pay the costs they will incur, beginning in 2017, when the Fed-eral share goes to 90 percent. The States at that point will have to pay more, and some are using that or citing that as a reason they will not expand Medicaid. This amendment would re-move that concern that has been as-serted by Governors and others around the country. States would be free to ex-pand Medicaid without having to worry about how they pay the bill. 
Wrapping up, let’s remember what 
Medicaid means. Medicaid isn’t some far-off program that doesn’t affect a lot of Americans. It directly affects tens of millions of Americans and tens of mil-lions more indirectly. For example, Medicaid pays for almost half of all the births in the country. Half of all the babies born in the country are paid for by Medicaid. Every Senator in both parties should remember that. So this isn’t some program that you don’t have to worry about, that can be cut and slashed without consequence. Half of the babies born in our country are paid for by Medicaid. 
How about older citizens? Skilled 
nursing home payments—that is a shorthand way of saying nursing homes—60 percent of those payments are covered by Medicaid, and 65 percent of almost 23 million publicly paid resi-dent days of care in the State of Penn-sylvania are paid for by Medicaid, com-pared to 13 percent by Medicare. So Medicaid has a huge impact on long- term care for families across the coun-try. 
By the way, Medicaid is not just for 
low-income families. A lot of middle- income families benefit directly from the payments made by Medicaid for long-term care. So if you care about older citizens in your own family get-ting nursing home placement, if you care about 45 percent of all the babies born in the country, you better care about Medicaid, and you better care about efforts, in a sensible way, to ex-pand Medicaid across the country, which would be better for all of us, es-pecially the children, older citizens, and Americans who have disabilities who are all affected by Medicaid. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I understood that the Senator from Ohio was seeking consent to speak after me. 
I would like to take a few minutes 
this morning to speak about how the Affordable Care Act is harming the people of the State of Alaska. This Senator has come to the floor a lot to talk about the fact that we in the State of Alaska have the highest insur-ance premiums. Well, again, we have the highest insurance premiums in the country. Believe me, I am hearing from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.022 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8334 December 3, 2015 
folks back home all the time about the 
burden that these costs place on them. 
Our State’s largest newspaper has 
been reporting, as we have seen these premium increases coming out over these past several months—they have been detailing the incredible rise of premiums throughout the State. The average monthly premium for a single 40-year-old in the State of Alaska is now over $700 a month—$700 a month for the average single 40-year-old— more than double the national average. People are paying thousands of dollars each month to insure their families. The insurance premium costs have gone up somewhere between 25 percent to 40 percent each year. How do you budget for that? 
A family of three in Ketchikan—I got 
the information from them—are going to be paying almost $2,000 a month next year for one of the cheapest bronze plans available. This is a family of three paying for one of the cheapest plans, and they are going to be paying $2,000 a month. This plan comes with a $10,500 deductible. Heck of a deal. In spite of paying almost $24,000 on insur-ance, nearly all the medical bills will still be paid out of pocket for this fam-ily. They will not see any benefit until they have spent just about $35,000. Con-trast the $2,000 per month for health in-surance with their mortgage payment. Their monthly mortgage payment is $1,250. Does this seem right to anyone? It should not cost more to provide health care coverage for your family than to own your home. 
We have a married couple in Wasilla 
who were paying $850 a month prior to the ACA, but that plan wasn’t accept-able under the new regulations. The promise that you can keep the plan if you like it—well, that didn’t hold. They had to find other insurance. Next year this married couple is going to be paying over $2,300 per month. That means they are going to be paying over $17,000 more per year for the same cov-erage. This is a 268-percent increase in just one calendar year. This is not right. This is unconscionable. It is not that this married couple has somehow increased their income by an addi-tional $17,000 last year. No, this is just the cost to cover their insurance. 
A self-employed man down in Homer 
whose insurance covers him, his wife, and his son has seen his costs increase from $325 per month 2 years ago to $1,325 a month since the ACA was passed. That is an additional $1,000 per month that these folks are now paying for the cheapest bronze plan available with a $12,000 deductible. This is not some Cadillac plan. This is the cheap-est plan available. This is a $12,000 de-ductible. This is what these folks at home are paying. 
The ACA repeal bill that we are cur-
rently debating addresses the problem by reducing the penalty for not buying insurance to zero. Alaskans could choose to buy insurance or simply save the thousands of dollars they would be paying each month that could be spent on medical bills as needed but would be 
available for the families to use as they see fit. 
On top of the outrageous costs that 
we are seeing that come with the indi-vidual mandate, the Cadillac tax that I just mentioned hits Alaskans harder than anywhere else in the country. Premera is the largest insurer in our State and they tell me that about 62 
percent of their customers in Alaska will be forced to pay these tax pen-alties under the Cadillac tax in 2018, the first year of the tax. The average cost will be $420. That would be the tax on the plan that they would be paying that first year. It is not as if these plans are grand. The problem is with the high cost of health care within our State. The tax penalizes Alaskans be-cause our health care is more expensive in a rural State with a low population. 
This tax is going to hit the State, the 
boroughs, and our school districts. It will take away money from public edu-cation and other services that the State provides. I am hearing from school districts. Instead of saying they are concerned about testing or some of the other issues we are dealing with in education, they are saying their No. 1 concern is the implementation of the Cadillac tax. It is the single greatest threat to quality public education. That is how Robert Boyle, the super-intendent of the Ketchikan Gateway Borough School District describes the ACA, as the single greatest threat to quality public education. Bob’s district faces a tax penalty of over $500,000 due to the Cadillac tax coming up in 2018, the first year of the tax, and the pen-alties only increase from there. The Ketchikan Gateway Borough School District is looking at a half-million- dollar tax coming due in 2018. They are not getting more money to run their school district. This is money out the door that isn’t improving the edu-cation of a single child in that district. 
We are facing a financial crisis in the 
State. The State cut the education budget this year, and they are looking hard at cutting it again next year. We are a State that relies on oil revenues, and you see what is going on with the price of oil. That is an impact to us. We are feeling it—desperately feeling it. School districts cannot afford the im-position of hundreds of thousands of dollars of new taxes on top of a budget reduction. The money, as you and I know, would be far better spent paying teachers what they deserve. School dis-tricts are now looking to possibly re-duce benefits for teachers in order to avoid paying the new tax. With low pay and no benefits, how are our schools going to get ahead? How can we expect to attract and retain quality teachers? The answer is pretty real—we just can’t do it. Without quality teachers who suffers? It is going to be the kids. 
The bill we are debating solves the 
problem for 6 years by delaying the Cadillac tax for 6 years until 2024. That gives us time to find a way to address it permanently and in a responsible way. This Senator advocates elimi-
nating the Cadillac tax altogether. 
The problems with the ACA don’t end 
with hundreds of thousands of dollars in new taxes on schools or charging in-dividuals outrageous premiums. It also impacts our small businesses. I heard from so many business owners around the State who want to expand but are saying they just can’t do it. They can’t do it. They cannot afford to both ex-
pand their business and then hit the 50- employee threshold at which they are required to provide the insurance. So, at best, these businesses are kind of treading water right now. The ACA re-quires every business owned by an indi-vidual to be grouped together when counting employees. 
I have heard from a fellow in my 
State from Fairbanks. He owns several businesses there. It is a mix of busi-nesses. One is a plumbing distribution company, but he also has a whole hand-ful of little coffee shops. There is quite a difference between plumbing dis-tribution and coffee shops. 
For tax purposes, Mr. Vivlamore’s 
businesses are all treated as separate entities, and for legal purposes, they 
are all treated as separate entities. That makes sense. But for some rea-son, for purposes of health insurance, they are all lumped into one bucket. He has his employees from the coffee shop, and he has employees from the plumbing distribution business, so he is going to be required to provide health insurance when the mandate kicks in because he employs more than 50 peo-ple across all of his companies to-gether, even though he doesn’t have 50 employees in every one of his very dif-ferent businesses. He has talked to me about what he is going to do about the prospect of possibly downsizing because the cost of doing business under the ACA for him is just too high. 
This issue is also resolved in the bill 
by reducing to zero the penalty for noncompliance with the employer mandate. Employers will once again be free to offer workers more hours, hire more staff, or expand operations with-out facing a large tax penalty for not offering insurance or an equally sig-nificant cost increase when they are forced to provide insurance. 
I have been on the floor before, and I 
have asked the question before, but it is worth repeating: For whom is the Af-fordable Care Act actually affordable? It is certainly not affordable for the av-erage, hard-working Alaskan who is being forced to shell out thousands of dollars for their premiums each month. It is not affordable for the school dis-tricts and other State entities that will pay huge taxes. It isn’t affordable for the kids whose educations will poten-tially suffer. 
This law is not affordable for us in 
Alaska. That is why I support the bill that repeals the ACA and wipes out these harmful impacts. We cannot stand by and see these premiums shoot through the roof 30 percent or more each year, see our businesses artifi-cially constrained, and see the quality 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.024 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8335 December 3, 2015 
of public education decline. It just 
doesn’t work. 
I appreciate the time this morning 
and look forward to the opportunity this afternoon to weigh in on some of these very significant issues that have great and considerable impact on the people of Alaska. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I 
thank Senator M
URKOWSKI for the con-
sent request. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to speak for up to 12 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL AND POLICY  
RIDERS  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, many 
in Washington and on Wall Street seem to have collective amnesia. They seem to have forgotten, amazingly enough, about the destructive, devastating im-pact of the financial crisis even though it took place well less than a decade ago. 
For millions of Americans, that cri-
sis is unforgettable; millions haven’t recovered. My wife and I live in the city of Cleveland in ZIP Code 44105. That ZIP Code in the first half of 2007 had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. That was in large part because of Wall Street greed and a number of compa-nies that engaged in predatory lending. 
In September of 2008, Lehman Broth-
ers collapsed—the largest bankruptcy in U.S. history—following a decade of unfair lending, Wall Street reckless-ness, lax supervision, and co-optation in too many cases by regulators and Members of Congress. 
I recently interviewed former Fed-
eral Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on C–SPAN about his new book. The book title he was originally writing when he joined the Federal Reserve over a decade ago was going to be called ‘‘The Age of Delusion: How Poli-ticians and Central Bankers Created the Great Depression.’’ This was about the Great Depression. I asked him what he would call a similar book or what a historian 20 years from now might call a similar book about the great reces-sion, from which we have emerged over the last decade. He said it would be called ‘‘Asleep at the Switch’’ or ‘‘Too Complacent.’’ 
That complacency took a devastating 
toll on American families. That was the complacency of Congress, of the Bush administration, of regulators, of far too many people at OCC and the Fed who were captured, if you will— cognitive capture, regulatory capture, too close to the banking industry, too close to Wall Street, believing too much in the myths that were woven by Alan Greenspan and that crowd more than a decade ago. 
The meltdown triggered a crisis that 
left America’s economy hemorrhaging more than 750,000 jobs a month. Think back to January of 2009, when Presi-
dent Obama took the oath of office. We lost 750,000 jobs that month when Bush left office and Obama took office. The hemorrhaging, of course, didn’t stop immediately, although over the last 5
1⁄2 
years, almost 6 years, we have seen job growth every single month. 
By the time we hit bottom, we had 
lost 9 million jobs, the unemployment rate soared to 10 percent, and 5 million Americans lost their homes. The cri-sis—the worst since the Great Depres-sion—took a shattering financial and psychological toll on a generation of Americans. Thirteen trillion dollars in household wealth was wiped out—again because of complacency and co- optation of the Federal Reserve under Alan Greenspan, of this U.S. Congress, and of the Bush administration. 
Congress responded by passing Dodd- 
Frank. We put in place new rules to bring stability to markets, to ensure strong consumer investor protections, and to crack down on the reckless and irresponsible behavior of Wall Street. Again, to repeat: Since 2010, we have seen 68 months, 69 months, and 70 con-secutive months of job growth—I be-lieve the longest in modern economic history. 
One of Wall Street reform’s most im-
portant achievements was the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It has an accountable director to serve as a counterbalance to the Wall Street lobby, and it has an inde-pendent funding stream. It was created to ensure that never again would con-sumers be an afterthought in our Na-tion’s financial system. 
Because of Wall Street reform, banks 
are required to fund themselves using more of their shareholders’ money and to hold more cash or assets that can be sold easily—we call that liquidity— when they run into trouble, to undergo strength tests, and to strengthen risk management. That is why this banking system is more stable and safer than it was during the Bush years. 
The law also created the Financial 
Stability Oversight Council to fill gaps in the regulatory framework and estab-lish a forum for agencies to identify risks to preempt, precipitate, and pre-empt the identifiable risks that could contribute to the next financial crisis. 
An overwhelming majority of Ameri-
cans support regulation of Wall Street. They know that Wall Street did serious damage to our country. But in May the Senate banking committee reported out a sweeping financial deregulation package along party lines. I tried to negotiate with Senator S
HELBY during 
the spring. They broke down once it be-came clear that the effort wasn’t about negotiating; it was really about rolling back the most important parts of Wall Street reform. 
Senate Republicans are now working 
to move this controversial bill—this re-peal, this rollback, this slicing of Wall Street, of Dodd-Frank—to roll back these reforms through the appropria-tions process. This move, unprece-dented in its scale, shows the Repub-
licans will try to ram their agenda through Congress any way possible. 
Last year, Republicans slipped a re-
peal of section 716 of Wall Street re-form into the end-of-year funding bill. They have tried the same stealth strat-egy to undermine Wall Street reform, only this time it goes far beyond one provision. Under the guise of so-called regulatory relief for community banks and credit unions, Republicans are try-
ing to undermine consumer protec-tions, sensible regulations for larger bank holding oversight companies, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council. These are a lot of words, per-haps, but what we know is they again want to do Wall Street’s bidding—not on the floor of the Senate. We are not debating these issues on the floor; they want to do back-room deals to take care of their Wall Street friends. That is what all of this is about. That is why we introduced our alternative proposal last year. 
Now the good news is this: Repub-
licans and Democrats agreed with our approach in the House of moving non-controversial bipartisan provisions. I wish to give a couple of examples. 
Under the Surface Transportation 
Conference Report, which we will be voting on later today, we included changes in the bank exam cycle for small banks—a major help for commu-nity banks. It was sponsored by Sen-ator T
OOMEY and Senator D ONNELLY , a 
Republican and a Democrat. It stream-lines privacy notices. It is something I had worked on last session as a spon-sor. This session Senator M
ORAN and 
Senator H EITKAMP introduced it. It al-
lows privately insured credit unions to become members of the Federal Home Loan Bank system, something I have worked on for some time. We have put these in the Transportation bill. We have done what we should do for com-munity banks—not everything we should do, but we have done much of the agenda for the community banks and the small credit unions. 
Our goal is to do this right, to debate 
these issues on the floor, and to help those institutions under $10 billion. They didn’t cause the financial crisis; we know that—nor did banks the size of Huntington, $55 billion; of Fifth Third Bank, $130 billion. KeyCorp was $90 billion and is about to do an acqui-sition that will make them a little larger. 
As the ranking member of Senate 
banking, I have heard time and again the calls for legislation to undermine the new financial rules. Let’s help these community banks, but let’s not do the bidding of Wall Street. In this bill, we are helping those community banks be more efficient, be able to cut some of their administrative costs, and still protect consumers. 
What people want to do in the back 
room on the omnibus bill is jam all kinds of issues through the Senate that, frankly, are weakening Dodd- Frank. It will challenge and undermine the financial stability of our system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.025 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8336 December 3, 2015 
It is pretty clear to me that far too 
many Members of this body have for-gotten the lessons and forgotten what happened in 2007 to our country and to people in our great country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
GUN CONTROL  
Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, the 
tragic murders that occurred in Cali-fornia yesterday are unthinkable and by all standards horrific. My thoughts and prayers today go out to all of the victims, their families, and the entire community. Today I would also like to take a moment to thank the brave first responders there who selflessly and honorably risked their own lives in order to protect the lives of others. 
Following the tragic events of yester-
day, President Obama unsurprisingly called to limit the Second Amendment rights of the American people through stricter gun control. I believe this is yet another example of the President using tragic events to push his polit-ical agenda. 
Infringing on the rights of law-abid-
ing citizens to keep and bear arms is not the answer to curbing violent crime in America. Restrictive gun con-trol measures only prevent law-abiding citizens from protecting themselves be-cause criminal criminals, by definition, refuse to follow the law. 
In addition to President Obama’s 
misguided calls for gun control, he re-cently issued an Executive order to re-move unarmed military surplus vehi-cles that were obtained through the section 1033 program from local law en-forcement. These vehicles have been valuable to local law enforcement offi-cials in my home State of Alabama, specifically in Calhoun County. They were also used by the local law enforce-ment people seeking to protect those in harm’s way yesterday in California. 
I have called on the President to re-
verse the dangerous decision he made in which he abuses the authority of his office, I believe, by making unilateral decisions through executive fiat. Dur-ing this time of increased uncertainty at home and abroad, I believe the American people are looking to us for certainty that we will do everything in our power to keep them safe. 
Unfortunately, I believe President 
Obama has once again chosen to attack and weaken law enforcement and law- abiding citizens instead of focusing on fighting against criminals and radical Islamic terrorists. 
Let me be clear here today. The 
President’s calls to increase gun con-trol and remove equipment from law enforcement used to keep us safe only undermines the safety and security of the American people. We simply can-not and must not continue to let this administration infringe upon our con-
stitutional rights and put law-abiding Americans in harm’s way. I hope we will continue to fight for our constitu-tional rights here. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
NOMINATIONS  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, 
shortly I will be asking consent to ad-vance certain nominations of the Presi-dent for confirmation by the Senate. I do that in my capacity as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Rela-
tions Committee. There are seven that I will bring up today, but there are many more waiting for action. Seven represents some of these nominees. There are others waiting for action. 
What these seven all have in com-
mon—all seven—is that they are well qualified for the position, they have gone through the process in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee—the committee of jurisdiction—they have had hearings, there have been ques-tions asked, the vetting has been done, and they have cleared the committee by unanimous vote. There is no reason to withhold their confirmation when looking at their qualifications for the positions they have been nominated for. 
In some cases, these nominees have 
been waiting as long as 6 months for confirmation on the floor of the Sen-ate. In each of these instances, we are talking about confirming individuals to positions that have importance for our national security and that will be directly involved in protecting our country. Recent events only under-score the importance to have con-firmed executive nominees to handle the challenges that are brought before our country. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR NO . 375 
Let me start by first mentioning 
Tom Shannon. Tom Shannon has been nominated to be Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs and is the Department’s fourth ranking official, responsible for the management of six regional bureaus of the Department as well as the Bureau of International Or-ganization Affairs. This is a tremen-dously important leadership position on key national security issues. 
Among the many issues with which 
the Under Secretary will contend, we have the implementation of the Iran nuclear deal. This is the person who is responsible within the State Depart-ment as its top management, and I think every Member of the Senate wants to see this implementation done in a way that prevents Iran from be-coming a nuclear weapons state. This individual also will be monitoring the civil wars raging in Syria, Libya and Yemen, which we know have a major impact on the voids created that allow ISIL to be able to gain footholds. The growing turmoil in Venezuela, the con-flict in eastern Ukraine, and the need to ensure the full implementation of the Minsk agreement, as it relates to Ukraine, are all on the plate of the per-son who holds this position. 
Tom Shannon has been nominated 
and has gone through the process. He has received the full support of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
He is a seasoned diplomat. We are for-tunate that Ambassador Tom Shannon, a career member of our diplomatic corps who is held in universal respect and esteem by his colleagues, has been nominated to this position. Few dip-lomats have served our Nation under both Republican and Democratic ad-ministrations with as much integrity and ability. 
In his current role as Counselor of 
the Department, he provides the Sec-retary with his insight and advice on a wide range of issues. He has previously served as Ambassador to Brazil, as As-sistant Secretary of State, as Senior Director for Western Hemisphere Af-fairs at the National Security Council, and in challenging posts in Venezuela and South Africa, among others. He has also served as Acting Secretary for Political Affairs. So he already has the experience and the job training in order to accomplish this. 
So as I said, there has been no objec-
tion raised as far as his qualifications and the need to confirm this appoint-ment. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session to consider the fol-lowing nomination: Calendar No. 375; that the Senate proceed to vote with-out intervening action or debate on the nomination; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, in the hours that have followed the tragic shooting in San Bernardino, when all our pray-ers are with the families of those who were murdered and those who were in-jured, more and more of us are becom-ing concerned that this reflects a mani-festation of radical Islamic terrorism here in America. The facts are still not entirely clear, but in the wake of the Paris attack, it is appearing more and more likely that is what this was. 
In the wake of these horrific attacks 
by radical Islamic terrorists, it has be-come abundantly clear that President Obama’s Iranian nuclear deal—— 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator’s comments come off Republican time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. CRUZ. I didn’t hear. 
Mr. CARDIN. This is your time, not 
our time. 
Mr. CRUZ. Sure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the time consumed by the Senator from Texas will come off the Republican time. 
Mr. CRUZ. In light of these terrorist 
attacks, President Obama’s Iranian nu-clear deal looks worse and worse and worse. 
The idea that the United States of 
America would be sending over $100 bil-lion to the Ayatollah Khamenei—the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.026 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8337 December 3, 2015 
leading financier of terrorism in the 
world—is profoundly foolhardy. At the time that deal was being negotiated, I sent a letter to Secretary Kerry in-forming Secretary Kerry that under no circumstances should the Obama ad-ministration attempt to go to the United Nations and circumvent Con-gress with this foolhardy and cata-strophic deal. In that letter to Sec-retary Kerry I said explicitly: Under no circumstances should the executive branch take such action before the con-gressional review process is complete. Thus, I ask that you provide written assurances that you will take all nec-essary steps to block any U.N. Security Council resolution approving the JCPOA until the statutory time line for congressional review has run its course. Until you provide such assur-ances, I intend to block all nominees for the Department of State and hold any legislation that reauthorizes funds for the Department of State. 
This was fair warning, given ahead of 
time, that the State Department should not try to circumvent the Con-gress, should not try to undermine U.S. sovereignty, and should not go to the United Nations to try to approve a deal—particularly a deal that pro-foundly endangers the national secu-rity of this country. The Obama admin-istration ignored my warnings and went to the United Nations anyway. 
I would note that under the terms of 
the Congressional Review Act, the con-gressional review period has not yet run. The Congressional Review Act says that time does not begin to run until the President submits the entire deal to Congress. That statute defines the entire deal to include any and all side agreements. We know of at least two side agreements governing inspec-tions that have not yet been given to this body. So, accordingly, the congres-sional review period has not yet begun, much less ceased. 
When I told Secretary Kerry that if 
the State Department circumvented Congress and went to the United Na-tions, I would block State Department nominees, that was not an empty threat. Therefore, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I 
certainly understand the right of the Senator to object. I would just hope that this could be resolved. It is not about the State Department being put at a disadvantage by not having these confirmed positions; it is the American people. These are security positions for which we have to have representatives, and not only of the State Department. As I go through these nominations, we will be talking about the Legal Adviser at the Department of State, and we will be talking about ambassadors. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR NO . 204 
Next, Madam President, let me men-
tion Brian Egan to be State Depart-ment Legal Adviser. The Legal Adviser is the principal adviser to the Depart-ment of State on all legal matters, do-mestic and international, arising in the 
context of the work of the Secretary of State and the Department as a whole. The Legal Adviser also advises the President and the National Security Council, as well as other Federal agen-cies, on all legal matters involving the conduct of foreign relations. 
I think we are all familiar with the 
challenges we have that are raised every day in the Senate—issues raised about whether this is legally accept-able or not. We really should have a confirmed Legal Adviser to the State Department in order to respond to the concerns not only of the Congress but of the American people and our inter-national partners. 
Like Ambassador Shannon, Mr. 
Eagan has also served in both Repub-lican and Democratic administrations. He entered public service in 2005 as a civil servant in the Office of Legal Ad-viser of the State Department, which was headed at the time by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. He has worked in the private sector. He has served as Assistant General Counsel for Enforce-ment and Intelligence at the Treasury Department. He has served on the Na-tional Security Council staff. 
His is a nonpartisan, fairminded indi-
vidual who clearly has the skills and ability to advise our policymakers well and lead the Office of Legal Adviser. 
He has been waiting since June for 
floor action. This is not a matter that just recently came to the floor of the Senate. He has been waiting since June. It has now been 6 months. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session to consider the fol-lowing nomination: Calendar No. 204; that the Senate proceed to vote with-out intervening action or debate on the nomination; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, the single greatest national security threat fac-ing the United States today is the threat of a nuclear Iran. The Presi-dent’s catastrophic Iran deal only in-creases the likelihood the Ayatollah Khamenei will possess nuclear weap-ons. 
There are some in this body who sug-
gest we should trust Iran. Well, I do trust Iran. When the Ayatollah Khamenei, with a cheering crowd, burns Israeli flags and American flags and promises ‘‘Death to America,’’ I trust the Ayatollah means what he is saying. Therefore, we should not be giving him over $100 billion and facili-tating his getting nuclear weapons. Therefore, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Maryland. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR NOS . 332 AND 333  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I 
next would like to address the nomina-tion of David Robinson to the position of Assistant Secretary of State for Conflict and Stabilization Operations. The Bureau of Conflict and Stabiliza-
tion Operations has an important role to play in helping the Department of State to address the multiplying vio-lent conflicts around the world and the rise of violent extremist groups. I don’t 
have to tell this body how many chal-lenges we have globally in conflicts dealing with extremists. This is the key person to deal with this issue. Am-bassador Robinson clearly has the background and skills to excel in the position for which he has been nomi-nated. He is a career diplomat. This is a career diplomat. This is a person who at an early age went into service for our country—at great risk, as we know. With over 30 years of experience, he currently serves as the Principal Dep-uty High Representative in Bosnia and Herzegovina, where he oversees the im-plementation of the peace agreement that ended the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He has served both Demo-cratic and Republican administrations far and wide under dangerous and de-manding circumstances. He was the As-sistant Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan. Am-bassador Robinson has served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Populations, Refugees, and Migra-tion, and as U.S. Ambassador to Guy-ana from 2006 to 2008, and as Deputy Chief of Mission in Guyana and Para-guay. 
This is a highly qualified individual, 
a career diplomat who has shown his commitment and dedication to serving our country. The position he has been nominated for is a critically important position at this time in our history. 
Therefore, Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar Nos. 332 and 333; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening ac-tion or debate on the nominations; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, I have not placed a hold on this nomination, be-cause my hold has been limited to po-litical nominees, not to career foreign service officers serving as ambassadors. That being said, Mr. G
RASSLEY , the 
senior Senator from Iowa, has filed a formal notice of intent to object to this nomination, and, therefore, on behalf of the senior Senator from Iowa, I ob-ject. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Maryland. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUESTS —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR NOS . 148 AND 263  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, 
Azita Raji has been nominated for Am-bassador to Sweden and Samuel Heins 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.028 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8338 December 3, 2015 
as Ambassador to Norway. Having rep-
resentatives on the ground in Scan-dinavian countries is urgently needed. Both Sweden and Norway are key stra-
tegic allies and members of the Arctic Council. Russia’s recent military ac-tivities in the Arctic and its disputed territorial claims in vast stretches of waters make the presence of a strong American voice in Sweden and Norway essential. 
Moreover, nearly 300 Swedish citizens 
have left to fight in Syria or Iraq, mak-ing it the second largest country of ori-gin per capita for foreign fighters in Europe. Put simply, we need represen-tation in Stockholm and Oslo to pro-tect the U.S. strategic interests abroad. 
I particularly want to note the close 
ties and deep friendship the United States and Norway have, symbolized by the 32-foot Christmas tree at Union Station that is annually gifted to the American people by Norway, their gratitude for U.S. assistance during and after World War II. 
Norway is a founding member of 
NATO alliance and has been more than diligent in attending to its obligations. It has contributed personnel to NATO’s operations in Afghanistan, Libya, and the Balkans. Its former Prime Minister currently serves as the 13th Secretary General of NATO. Just this year, Nor-way assumed leadership responsibil-ities for NATO’s air-policing mission over the Baltic States and is partici-pating in a large-scale NATO anti-sub-marine exercise. 
I am also pleased to note that these 
nominees for these critical positions have incredible backgrounds. Neither were controversial during the consider-ation by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Azita Raji is an accom-plished businesswoman with impressive international credentials. She was the vice president of J.P. Morgan Securi-ties in New York, Tokyo, and Japan. She speaks five languages and has pub-lished in the Journal of the American Medical Association. 
Samuel Heins is not only a highly re-
spected lawyer in his home State of Minnesota, but with over 40 years of legal experience he is also a distin-guished human rights advocate. He founded Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights. He was a private citizen member of the 2011 U.S. mission to the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva and has won human rights awards. 
Samuel Heins has been waiting for 
200 days. This is not a recent matter. Azita Raji has been waiting almost a year for confirmation. These are people who are ready to serve our country, critical allies. 
Mr. President, therefore, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the fol-lowing nomination: Calendar No. 148; that the Senate proceed to vote with-out intervening action or debate on the nomination; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. This is the Azita Raji nomination 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Is there objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object. When Secretary Kerry chose to ignore my request that the State Department not submit this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal to the United Nations, Secretary Kerry did so with open eyes. He did so know-ing the consequences because I had spelled them out explicitly; that the political nominees he would want to put forward at the Department of State would not proceed if Secretary Kerry chose to undermine the authority of the Congress of the United States, to undermine the sovereignty of this country, and to instead treat the United Nations as the relevant deci-sionmaking body. He did so nonethe-less. 
As a consequence, the Obama admin-
istration is proceeding forward under this Iranian nuclear deal as if it is binding law. The Obama administra-tion is proceeding ultra vires. They are proceeding contrary to law under the explicit terms of the Congressional Re-view Act. The period of time for con-gressional review has not begun to commence because the Obama adminis-tration has not submitted the entire deal to the U.S. Congress. They have not submitted the side deals. As a con-sequence, under explicit U.S. law, it is contrary to the law for the Obama ad-ministration to lift sanctions on Iran. 
I wish to note to any bank at home 
or abroad that is in possession of Ira-nian assets, any bank that chooses to release those assets to the Ayatollah Khamenei or to other Iranian interests will be acting directly contrary to Fed-eral statutory law. Even though Presi-dent Obama and Secretary Kerry are choosing to disregard the law, that does not exonerate the private banks from potential civil liability in the bil-lions or even criminal liability. The stakes are too high. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
As we wrestle with the ravages of 
radical Islamic terrorism, the idea that the President of the United States is trying to send over $100 billion to the Ayatollah Khameini—a theocratic zeal-ot who promises death to America— makes no sense at all. It means that if and when those billions of dollars are used to fund jihadists who murder Americans, the blood of those murders will be on this administration’s hands. If you give billions of dollars to jihadists who have pledged to commit murder, you cannot wash your hands of responsibility for their doing exactly what they have told you they would do. Accordingly, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Let me remind our col-
leagues we are talking about the Am-bassador to Sweden. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider the following 
nomination: Calendar No. 263; that the Senate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate on the nomina-tion; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
This is the Samuel Heins nomina-
tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Maryland. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR NO . 127 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
address the nomination of Cassandra Butts to the post to be Ambassador to the Bahamas. Cassandra Butts is cur-rently a senior advisor to the CEO of the Millennium Challenge Corporation in Washington, DC. She is a leading at-torney and former Deputy White House Counsel. She is known for her expertise in both domestic and foreign policy, particularly in economic development and migration policy, due to her work on the board of the National Immigra-tion Forum. 
I am confident she will apply these 
essential skills to the task of fur-thering the bilateral relationships be-tween the Government of the Bahamas, a key U.S. Caribbean partner. 
Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the fol-lowing nomination: Calendar No. 127; that the Senate proceed to vote with-out intervening action or debate on the nomination; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object. Today the single greatest national security threat fac-ing America is the threat of a nuclear Iran. President Obama’s catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal dramatically in-
creases the likelihood that the Aya-tollah Khamenei will possess nuclear weapons and will use those nuclear weapons to commit horrific acts of ter-ror. Moreover, Secretary Kerry’s deci-sion to go to the United Nations and circumvent the Congress of the United States, disregard the authority of the people of the United States was unac-ceptable and was profoundly damaging to this country. Accordingly, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, the 
nominees I went through unanimous consent requests—all are important to our national security. We are talking about Ambassadors. We are talking about career people whom we depend upon for advice, for handling conflict areas. It is in our national security in-terests to get these nominees con-firmed. They have been held up for as long as a year in some cases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.029 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8339 December 3, 2015 
I understand the right of individual 
Senators. I urge my colleagues, we have a responsibility to act on these nominations. I urge my colleagues to work with us. I applaud Senator C
ORKER . He has moved these nomina-
tions through the committee. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to work with us so we can get these indi-viduals serving our country. They are public servants and they deserve our consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
H.R. 1599 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I want 
to note that right at this moment there are Senators of this esteemed body who are doing something that is not so esteemed. They are working to put into some of the must-pass legisla-tion that we will be considering today and in the days to come something known as the DARK Act. The DARK Act is the Deny Americans the Right to Know Act. It takes away the ability of States to make sure the citizens of their State have the knowledge they would like to have about the food they eat. 
We have seen in the toxics discussion 
in the Senate how important it is to in-dividual States to have the ability to identify for their citizens what is in the everyday household products they have: their spoons, their plates, their bedding, and so forth—but it is much more important. It is an order of mag-nitude more important to citizens to have the right at the State level to de-cide how to inform individuals about what is in the food they eat. 
This proposal to put the DARK Act— 
taking away the rights of the States, taking away the rights of citizens to use their democracy to be able to know what is in the food they eat—is being proposed to be put into a bill in the dark of night. The DARK Act should never go into legislation in this Sen-ate. It should never be considered airdropped in, in the dark of night, into must-pass legislation. It should be de-bated openly in committee, thoroughly vetted, thoroughly considered, because that certainly is the type of consider-ation merited by an issue so funda-mental to citizens as knowledge about the food they eat and the food their children eat. 
Let us not, as a Senate, commit such 
a disgraceful act as taking away the State right and the individual desire to have knowledge about the fundamental food that we consume. Let us not have that airdropped in the dark of night. That would be a huge mistake. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, it has 
now been over 5 years since President Obama signed into law this so-called Affordable Care Act, a sweeping health care overhaul that had passed this Chamber without a single Republican vote. While legislation as important as this should have been held to the high-est standard and included broad bipar-
tisan support, President Obama and then the 60-vote congressional Demo-crats relied on fuzzy math and false promises to jam through this enor-mous, unwieldy health care measure that the American people overwhelm-ingly oppose. Such unilateral action has become President Obama’s signa-ture domestic policy legacy, but today all that bullying and brinkmanship comes to a screeching halt. 
The legislation we will vote on today 
takes a critical step forward in lifting the burden that ObamaCare has placed on hard-working citizens across the country who have been saddled by ris-ing premiums, increased health care costs, and reduced access to doctors and hospitals. It continues our long fight to repeal this harmful law and build a bridge to health care solutions that work. 
Since ObamaCare’s enactment, 
Americans have been left wondering what happened to all the promises: the promise to remove obstacles to obtain-ing coverage, the President’s promise to reduce yearly premiums by up to $2,500 for a typical family, his promise to maintain existing providers. Re-member, if you like your doctor you can keep him, his promise to prevent any form of new tax increases, and a promise to increase competition and provide greater choice. 
Despite all of the President’s assur-
ances, ObamaCare has been full of empty promises that have made our Nation’s health care problems worse. One of the reasons I voted against ObamaCare was because despite being portrayed as affordable, there were nu-merous predictions that Americans across the country would be faced with increased health care costs. Guess what. Such predictions have become re-ality. Just as recently as this past summer, the President promised that under ObamaCare health insurance pre-mium increases would be ‘‘modest.’’ This is despite the fact that the State insurance regulators and actuaries were predicting the exact opposite out-come. 
Let’s take a look at how modest 
these cost increases will be for my home State of Arizona. Data released last month by the Department of Health and Human Services shows that Americans enrolled in the Federal mar-ketplace will see an average premium increase of at least 7.5 percent with the second lowest so-called silver plans known as benchmark plans. 
In Arizona, 24 exchange plans will see 
double-digit rate hikes in 2016. In Phoe-nix, premium increases are projected to top 19 percent. The highest average premium increase in my home State is projected to reach a whopping 78 per-cent. 
My constituents in Arizona call and 
write me daily, begging and pleading that something be done to alleviate the financial hardship of ObamaCare. 
Thomas from Flagstaff wrote to me 
and said his monthly premiums jumped from $200 to $600 a month. Jim, a resi-
dent of Arizona for over 25 years, will soon pay an additional $160 per week. It goes on and on and on. Stories such as these are unacceptable. 
While the President and my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle continue to describe ObamaCare as a success, families, patients, doctors, and small businesses across America con-tinue to suffer from the disastrous ef-fects of the President’s failed health care law. 
Today I am proud to once again 
stand with my Republican colleagues as we continue the fight to repeal and replace ObamaCare. From the start, I opposed this sweeping scope of the health care law and proudly proposed the first Republican amendment to ObamaCare in 2009 which would have prevented the President from slashing Medicare by half a trillion dollars. Since then, I have continued my efforts by sponsoring numerous other pieces of legislation that would lift the burden that has been placed on individuals and small businesses alike. 
Most recently, I introduced the 
Obamacare Opt-Out Act with Senator B
ARRASSO in this Congress, which 
would give Americans the freedom to opt-out of the individual mandate for health insurance coverage required by ObamaCare. It is critical that we elimi-nate this costly mandate which is esti-mated to cost Americans who decide not to enroll in ObamaCare roughly $695 per adult and $347 per child in 2016 and even more in the years ahead. 
This legislation we will vote on today 
takes an even bigger step forward in freeing Americans from the harmful ef-fects of this law. It provides relief to individuals and employers alike by eliminating costly penalties for those who fail to comply with ObamaCare’s mandate. It repeals draconian tax in-creases—such as the medical device tax and the Cadillac tax—that have made health care more expensive and driven innovative companies to move critical operations and research and develop-ment overseas. It ensures that Ameri-cans will not experience any disruption in their health care coverage by delay-ing the implementation date by 2 years. Most importantly, it gets the government out of the way and puts patients in charge of their health care decisions and needs. 
The fact is, we can repeal and replace 
ObamaCare with health care policies that work. For years I have under-scored commonsense policy alter-natives, such as providing Americans with a direct, refundable tax credit to help them pay for private health care, expanding the benefits of health sav-ings accounts, passing medical liability reform, or ‘‘tort reform,’’ and extend-ing the freedom to purchase health care across State lines. These are pro-posals that would provide immediate relief to Americans and my fellow Ari-zonans who have been left to choose be-tween buying groceries or paying for health insurance under ObamaCare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.031 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8340 December 3, 2015 
Perhaps the greatest flaw in Presi-
dent Obama’s health care law is that it has severely limited consumers’ access to quality care. Today, limited access is now commonplace, costs are increas-ing, and government bureaucrats re-main at the center of an individual’s health care decisions. 
It is clear that any serious attempt 
to improve our health care system must begin with full repeal and re-placement of ObamaCare—a mission I remain fully committed to fighting on behalf of the people of Arizona. 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes on 
this critically important bill today. It will build a bridge from the President’s broken promises to a better health care system for hard-working families in Arizona and across the country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that during the vote se-ries related to H.R. 3762, there be 2 minutes equally divided between each vote and that the first votes in the se-ries be in relation to the Murray amendment No. 2876 and the Johnson amendment No. 2875, with a 60-vote af-firmative threshold required for adop-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ENZI. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
we are on the verge of a series of votes, and we are also just a few days away from the third anniversary of the hid-eous and horrific shootings at Sandy Hook. 
Once again, the unspeakable has hap-
pened in America. The mass murders in San Bernardino reminds us of the inac-tion by this body. Congress has become complicit by its inaction in this mass slaughter which continues in America. Yet, listening to the debate on the floor, one would think it is business as usual. 
We are debating whether to repeal 
the Affordable Care Act again. How many times have we voted on that issue? How many times have we voted to defund Planned Parenthood? Yet what we see on the floor of the Senate and throughout Congress is a shrug of the shoulders. It can’t be done or won’t be done. 
Now is the time for action. We are 
past the point of platitudes and pray-ers. We need them. San Bernardino de-serves them. But prayers, thoughts, and hearts need to be matched by ac-tion. The time for action is now. We need to pass sensible, commonsense measures that will make America safer and better. 
There is no single solution or pan-
acea to stop gun violence, but inaction is not an option. A shrug of the shoul-ders is not acceptable. That is not what we were elected to do. We were elected to act and provide solutions. Strong laws, such as what we have in Con-necticut, are a good start, but State 
laws will not prevent guns from cross-ing borders from States without strong laws. The States with the strongest laws are at the mercy of States with the weakest protection because borders are porous. 
The question in America today is, 
What will it take—30,000 deaths a year, a mass shooting every day? A mass shooting is four or more individuals shot. What will it take for this body to act? 
We are not going away. We are not 
giving up. We are not abandoning this fight. We are on the right side of his-tory, and we will prevail. Today will be an opportunity to show which side we are on. 
I urge my colleagues to support these 
sensible, commonsense amendments which will at least take a step—by no means a complete or even a fully ade-quate step—in the right direction. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this week 
we have been debating the future of ObamaCare, which still remains un-workable, unaffordable, and more un-popular than ever. For millions of Americans, the law today represents nothing more than broken promises, higher costs, and fewer choices. Recent polling shows that most Americans still oppose this unprecedented expan-sion of government intrusion into health care decisions for hard-working families and small businesses. 
That is why Leader M
CCONNELL  
promised that we would send a bill to the President’s desk repealing ObamaCare using budget reconcili-ation, and that is exactly what we are doing. There is a special provision under the budget that allows us to send a bill to the desk with a majority of votes in the House and a majority of votes in the Senate. The majority of votes in the House has occurred, and now we are debating changes to that bill. 
The amendment’s repeal of 
ObamaCare allowed under the rules of reconciliation—including its taxes, regulations and mandates—sets the stage for real health care reforms that strengthen the doctor-patient relation-ship, expands choices, lowers health care cost, and improves access to qual-ity, affordable, innovative health care for each and every American. 
As I noted at the start of this debate, 
ObamaCare will crush American house-holds with more than $1 trillion in new taxes over the next 10 years. This 
means ObamaCare will cost taxpayers more than $116 billion every year and result in smaller paychecks for fami-lies while holding back small busi-nesses from expanding and hiring new workers. For hardworking taxpayers, ObamaCare has meant more govern-ment, more bureaucracy, and more rules and regulations, along with soar-ing health care costs and less access to care. By the time we are done, the Senate- 
passed ObamaCare repeal will elimi-nate more than $1 trillion in tax in-creases placed on the American people, while saving more than $500 billion in spending. Lifting the burdens and high-er costs the President’s law has placed on all Americans will help the Nation move forward from ObamaCare’s bro-ken promises to a better health care system for hardworking families across the country. 
ObamaCare contained more than $1 
trillion in tax hikes from over 20 dif-ferent tax increases. These tax in-creases included a new excise tax on employer-sponsored insurance plans, the so-called ‘‘Cadillac tax,’’ taxes on insurance providers, prescription 
drugs, medical devices, a new tax on in-vestment income, and additional taxes and other restrictions on Health Sav-ings Accounts, among others. Elimi-nating these taxes can help boost eco-nomic growth. 
The Senate bill repeals $1 trillion in 
tax increases included in ObamaCare: Cadillac tax, which would force compa-nies to shift costs to employees or to reduce the value of the health care ben-efits they provide; medical device tax, which would harm healthcare innova-tion, stifle job creation, and increase the difficulty of delivering high quality patient care; health insurance tax, which would increase health insurance premiums; individual and employer mandates, which forced people to pur-chase a government defined level of health insurance; prescription drugs taxes, which would make critical medi-cation more expensive; and health sav-ings accounts tax, which would essen-tially make over-the-counter medi-cines more expensive by making them ineligible as qualified medical ex-penses. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, CBO, repealing ObamaCare would raise economic output, mainly by boosting the supply of labor. The re-sulting increase in public and private sector growth, GDP is projected to av-erage .7 percent over the 2021 through 2025 period. Alone, those effects would reduce Federal overspending by $216 billion over the 2016 to 2025 period ac-cording to the CBO and Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, JCT, estimate. 
ObamaCare included over $800 billion 
in Medicare cuts. Instead of using those savings to strengthen and secure Medicare, the President, along with Congressional Democrats, took those funds and used them to create new en-titlement programs. This bill ends the raid on Medicare to pay for ObamaCare and puts those funds back into Medi-care, where they belong. 
State exchanges were almost exclu-
sively financed through $5.4 billion in grant money from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS. While costing billions of taxpayer dol-lars from hardworking families, most State exchanges have dramatically underperformed or failed. Some ex-changes have received hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in Federal grants, yet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.034 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8341 December 3, 2015 
are or were unable to accomplish their 
stated goal. In fact, recent news re-ports highlight more than $474 million of taxpayer funds were spent on failed exchanges for Massachusetts, Oregon, Nevada, and Maryland. Our measure ends this waste of taxpayer dollars. 
Medicaid spending currently con-
sumes nearly a quarter of every State dollar, passing education as the largest state budgetary commitment. This ex-pansion under ObamaCare includes an unsustainable and costly guarantee of 90 to 100 percent Federal funds that will likely be shifted back to the States as the Federal Government be-gins looking for ways to cut spending and addressing its almost $19 trillion national debt. Most importantly, the bill provides for a transition to a more sustainable State partnership. 
As I noted earlier, our Nation has 
made great strides in improving the quality of life for all Americans, but these transformative changes were al-ways forged in the spirit of bipartisan compromise and cooperation. We still need health care reform, but it has to be done the right way. The bill the Senate will approve can help build a bridge from these broken promises to better care for each and every Amer-ican. 
I yield the floor to the Senator from 
Iowa. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
FARM BILL  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about the 2014 farm bill and attempts to change it by Members of this Congress. The farm bill process was a long, hard, and frustrating exer-cise. Nobody got everything they want-ed, but in the end we got a new bill for farmers across the country. 
I believe our country needs good farm 
policy, which means an adequate, yet limited safety net for farmers. 
Our farmers face real, uncontrollable 
risks every year. The farm bill provides farmers with a number of programs that help mitigate those risks. That is why I was very concerned when I learned the budget deal was cutting $3 billion from the Federal crop insurance program. 
That cut would have forced the Risk 
Management Agency at the Depart-ment of Agriculture to renegotiate the Standard Reinsurance Agreement next year and save $300 million per year. These cuts were almost universally op-posed by rural America. Lenders, com-modity groups, input suppliers, and many others opposed the cuts to the crop insurance program. 
Beyond being bad policy, I opposed 
the crop insurance cuts because—like many of my colleagues on both the House and Senate Agriculture commit-tees—I do not support reopening the 2014 farm bill. I am very glad the high-way bill is going to reverse these cuts to the crop insurance program. 
I also want to speak to the impor-
tance of not reopening the farm bill in the omnibus. Section 739 of the House Agriculture 
Appropriations bill reauthorized com-modity certificates. For those who don’t remember what commodity cer-tificates are, they are a way around payment limits. The language in the House bill specifically directs the USDA to administer commodity cer-tificates as they were in 2008 when they were not subject to any payment limits at all. 
I want to be very clear so there is no 
misunderstanding by those in this body or the agriculture lobby. Section 739 of the House Agriculture Appropriations bill brings back commodity certifi-cates, which reopens the 2014 Farm Bill. If the agriculture community wants to be taken seriously, we should heed our own advice and not reopen the Farm Bill by reauthorizing commodity certificates. 
I am opposing cuts to the crop insur-
ance program today because that would reopen the farm bill. I hope to-morrow I don’t have to oppose com-modity certificates in the Omnibus be-cause a few people want to reinstate unlimited farm subsidies. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2876 
There will now be 2 minutes of debate 
equally divided prior to a vote in rela-tion to amendment No. 2876, offered by the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY . 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am 
well aware that there are serious dis-agreements between Republicans and Democrats when it comes to women’s health, but I would hope that despite our disagreements, they would at least allow us to vote on the important amendment I have offered to strike the harmful language defunding Planned Parenthood in this legislation and re-place it with a new fund to support women’s health care and clinic safety for staff and patients. Unfortunately, apparently my Republican colleagues are going to choose instead to just sim-ply push this amendment aside and ev-erything with it that we are doing for women and families. 
Well, Planned Parenthood doctors 
and staff are not going to be pushed aside, even by the terrible violence we have seen all too often at women’s health clinics. They are keeping their doors open. And the women and fami-lies who rely on these centers for their care and who believe women should be able to make their own choices aren’t letting the political attacks we have seen today get in their way. They are standing up for what they believe. 
While Republicans may want to avoid 
taking this tough vote, Democrats are going to keep making it very clear ex-actly where we stand: with Planned 
Parenthood and with women across the country. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
the tabling amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Senator M
URRAY proposes to estab-
lish a new women’s health care and clinic safety and security fund to en-sure that, among other goals, all women and men have access to health care services without threat of vio-lence. No one disagrees with the goal of making sure all Americans have access to health care without fearing threats or violence. We certainly don’t condone any of the violence anywhere in the United States. 
The best way to ensure that women 
and men have affordable health care is to pass this repeal bill and repeal ObamaCare. For every American, ObamaCare has meant more govern-ment, more bureaucracy, and more rules and regulations, along with soar-ing health care costs and less access to care. 
The most effective solution to im-
proving the quality of and access to women’s health care is to lower the cost and provide access to health care, not to create another fund with an-other new tax. ObamaCare already con-tains more than $1 trillion in new taxes, funding new and duplicative pro-grams. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. ENZI. I yield back any time, al-
though evidently there is none. 
Mr. President, I move to table the 
Murray amendment No. 2876 and ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 54, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 311 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker 
Boxer Brown Cantwell 
Cardin Carper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.002 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8342 December 3, 2015 
Casey 
Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar 
Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders 
Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the remaining votes be 10 minutes in length and that the following amendments be in order fol-lowing disposition of the Johnson amendment: the Brown-Wyden amend-ment No. 2883 and the Collins amend-ment No. 2885. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2875 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 2875, offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. J
OHNSON . 
The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, on 
June 15, 2009, President Obama went to the American Medical Association to sell his health care plan to the doctors and to the American people. President Obama addressed the doctors, and he said: 
I know that there are millions of Ameri-
cans who are content with their health care coverage—they like their plan and, most im-portantly, they value their relationship with their doctor. They trust you. And that means no matter how we reform health care, we will keep this promise to the American people: If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor, period. If you like your health care plan, you will be able to keep your health care plan, period. No one will take that away, no matter what. 
Now, Mr. President, we all know, un-
fortunately, that promise has been bro-ken. So many people who supported the bill made that similar promise. But PolitiFact called it something else; they called it 2013’s ‘‘Lie of the Year.’’ 
My amendment would restore that 
promise. My amendment would keep that promise to the American people. 
I urge my colleagues, particularly 
those who made that promise—you have the opportunity to restore and convert that lie into a promise. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I strong-
ly oppose the amendment that has just been described. Our colleague from Wisconsin is seeking to bring back the so-called grandfathered health plans that existed between 2010 and the end of 2013. My view is that this is some-thing of a health care Frankenstein. All the plans that were grandfathered on December 31, 2013, and disappeared 
on that date would somehow be magi-cally brought back to life by the Sen-ator from Wisconsin. That is not the way the private health insurance mar-ket works in America. Many of the plans that were in existence on Decem-ber 31, 2013, don’t exist anymore. In the private market, which I support, plans change continually. Plans changed in 2014 and they changed again at the be-ginning of 2015. 
It seems to me that what this amend-
ment does is it distorts the private marketplace. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 2875. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 312 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Under the previous order re-
quiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is re-jected. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have 
the floor for Senator E
NZIand myself. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2883 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To maintain the 100 percent FMAP 
for the Medicaid expansion population) 
I call up amendment No. 2883. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. B ROWN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 2883 to amendment No. 2874. Mr. BROWN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be despensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of December 2, 2015, under 
‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate on the amend-ment. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the 
Brown-Casey-Wyden-Stabenow-Hirono amendment would permanently extend the Medicaid expansion matching rate at 100 percent. It would help strengthen Medicaid for 71 million Americans who rely on this program for quality, af-fordable health insurance. 
Because of the ACA, more Americans 
can access comprehensive affordable care. Because of the Affordable Care Act, people in my State—600,000 Ohio-ans—now have Medicaid and affordable health insurance, in addition to other provisions of ACA. The best way to support States that have expanded Medicaid is by making the enhanced FMAP permanent. 
Mr. President, that means States will 
now bear none of the cost of Medicaid expansion. We would pay for this amendment by closing corporate tax loopholes. It would provide States with fiscal security and free up State Med-icaid budgets, as I have heard Senator A
LEXANDER talk about so often. It 
would free up State Medicaid budgets for higher education and other kinds of State expenditures. 
I encourage my colleagues to do the 
right thing and provide health care and to do smart budgeting. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. I refuse to ask more American tax-payers, who have sacrificed so much al-ready, to satiate the boundless Wash-ington appetite for spending. Spending on Medicaid has experienced a 137 per-cent increase from $200 billion in 2000 to $476 billion in 2014, and many expect those figures to increase. 
We all want individuals to have ac-
cess to high quality health insurance. However, a 2011 study found that 31 percent of doctors are unwilling to ac-cept new Medicaid patients. How can Americans access quality health care if doctors will not treat them? 
Most importantly, adding more peo-
ple to Medicaid will lead to a loss of jobs. A 2013 study concluded that for every 21 million adults who joined Medicaid, the economy will employ 511,000 to 2.2 million fewer people. The Obama recovery is a jobless recovery, and I refuse to exacerbate the unem-ployment. Instead of adding more and more people to the rolls of a failing Medicaid program—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.005 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8343 December 3, 2015 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, the pending 
amendment No. 2883 offered by the Sen-ator from Ohio would cause the under-lying legislation to exceed the author-izing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this amendment pursuant to section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, pursuant 
to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for pur-poses of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 45, 
nays 55, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 313 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—55 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 45, the nays are 55. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the next amend-ments in order be the following: Casey, No. 2893; and Heller, No. 2882. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Maine. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2885 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 2885. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 2885 to amendment No. 2874. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike section 101. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, this 
amendment, which I offer with my col-leagues Senator M
URKOWSKI and Sen-
ator K IRK, would strike the provisions 
that would eliminate Federal funding, including Medicaid reimbursements, for Planned Parenthood. Otherwise, the likely result would be the closure of several hundred clinics across the country, depriving millions of women of the health care provider of their choice. 
I want to make clear that our amend-
ment does not include any new spend-ing, it does not increase taxes, and it retains the current Hyde amendment language, which prohibits the use of Federal funds for abortions except in cases of rape, incest or where the life of the mother is at risk. 
I urge adoption of the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, Sen-
ator C
OLLINS , who is my friend and col-
league from Maine, would strike a pro-vision in this bill defunding Planned Parenthood and would continue direct-ing Federal funds to that organization. 
Earlier this year, I joined Senator 
E
RNST , Senator P AUL, and other col-
leagues, and we introduced legislation that prohibits taxpayer dollars from funding Planned Parenthood and re-asserts Congress’s support for directing those funds to current providers of women’s health care. 
We absolutely should support health 
care choices for women. But Planned Parenthood is the single largest pro-vider of abortions in the country. Di-recting increased taxpayer dollars to community health centers provides quality health care options to women without supporting the largest pro-vider of abortions in the country. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I yield back. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 48, 
nays 52, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 314 Leg.] 
YEAS—48 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 2885) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2893 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to establish a credit for married couples who are both employed and have young children, and for other purposes) 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2893. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. 
CASEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2893 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
talk about an amendment that deals with a fundamental issue for working families, and that is the cost childcare. By way of example, the weekly cost of childcare in Pennsylvania, roughly over the last 30 years, has gone up by 70 percent. In a State like ours that can mean over $10,600 per infant per family. We want to make sure this credit is fully available to working families. We want to increase the maximum amount to $3,000. Finally, we want to make sure it is fully refundable. 
This amendment is paid for by off-
sets. 
I thank Senator B
ALDWIN for the 
great work she did with us on this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.041 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8344 December 3, 2015 
I ask unanimous consent that Sen-
ators M URRAY and R EED of Rhode Is-
land be added as cosponsors of this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Senators C
ASEY and B ALDWIN have 
proposed an amendment to further shift the tax burden onto high-income taxpayers. It would pay for new tax credits with the Buffett tax through taxing foreign inversion corporations as domestic and by expanding limita-tions on executive compensation de-ductibility. 
This legislation is not the place to 
add one-sided cuts that have not been included in regular order negotiations going on between Congress and the ad-ministration and in the Finance Com-mittee. 
Further, passing this reconciliation 
legislation will repeal a dozen new taxes used to offset the cost of ObamaCare. 
Comprehensive tax reform is needed 
to examine our system of credits and deductions to create a pro-growth tax policy across income spectrums, but not in this bill. 
Washington already takes over $3 
trillion per year from the American public, which is more than enough to fund necessary government functions. Increasing the tax burden on the most successful Americans discourages the work and jobs and investment nec-essary to grow America’s economy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask my colleagues to op-
pose this amendment. 
Mr. President, the pending amend-
ment No. 2893 offered by Senator C
ASEY  
would cause the underlying legislation to exceed the authorizing committees’s 302(a) allocation of new budget author-ity or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this amendment pursuant to section 302(f) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, pursuant 
to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for pur-poses of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 315 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker 
Boxer Brown Cantwell 
Cardin Carper Casey 
Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy 
Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders 
Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
RUBIO). On this vote, the yeas are 46, 
the nays are 54. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, continuing 
this advanced notice of what is coming up, I ask unanimous consent that the next amendment in order be the fol-lowing: Shaheen amendment No. 2892. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Nevada. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2882 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I call up 
my amendment No. 2882. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. H ELLER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2882 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the reinstatement of the 
tax on employee health insurance pre-miums and health plan benefits) 
On page 5, beginning with line 24, strike 
through page 6, line 3. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, my 
amendment postpones the implementa-tion of the Cadillac tax for the next 10 years. I think that is a good start on the legislation we have in front of us today. In fact, I think it is a great start, but I think we ought to take the next step. The next step is to repeal it altogether, and that is exactly what this amendment does. It is the only bi-partisan piece of legislation that does just that. 
To that end, I thank the Senator 
from New Mexico, Mr. H
EINRICH , for his help and support in moving this legis-
lation forward to where we are today. 
Mr. President, there is no opposition 
to this legislation. There is no opposi-tion in America to this legislation. I have 83 groups and organizations around this country. Unions support this amendment. The Chamber sup-ports this amendment. Seniors support this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? 
Mrs. MURRAY. We yield back our 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
Mr. HELLER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 90, 
nays 10, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 316 Leg.] 
YEAS—90 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Markey McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—10 
Boxer Carper Coats Corker Durbin 
Kaine Manchin McCaskill Sasse 
Warner 
The amendment (No. 2882) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the next amend-ments in order be the following: Cor-nyn amendment No. 2912 and Feinstein amendment No. 2910. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, for the in-
formation of my colleagues, I expect the amendments next in order after those will be Grassley amendment No. 2914, followed by Manchin amendment No. 2908, but that is not locked in yet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.047 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8345 December 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2892 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To improve mental health and 
substance use prevention and treatment) 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 2892. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mrs. 
SHAHEEN ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2892 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, we 
are facing a public health emergency in New Hampshire and States across the country. Heroin and opioid abuse are at epidemic levels. This is important be-cause it affects every State that is rep-resented on the Senate floor. Each day, 120 Americans die of drug overdose; that is 2 deaths every hour. In New Hampshire we are losing one person every day from drug overdose. Drug overdose deaths have exceeded car crashes as the No. 1 cause of fatalities in this country. 
This amendment recognizes that this 
is a public health emergency and that we need to provide additional resources to address it. 
It does three things. First, it ensures 
that all health plans bought on the ex-change cover mental health and addic-tion-related benefits. Second, it elimi-nates the Medicaid coverage exclusion that currently prohibits reimburse-ment for critically important inpatient facilities that treat mental illness. That is the 16-bed limit on those inpa-tient treatment facilities. Finally, it provides much needed funding to help States, municipalities, and their imple-menting partners prevent and treat mental illness and substance use dis-orders. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. This is a public 
health emergency. This amendment is fully paid for. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. I share my colleague’s concern with the current state of mental health and sub-stance abuse policies in the United States. Our health care system in many ways has failed to treat those who need care most desperately. How-ever, as deeply as I believe we must strengthen mental health, I believe we have to do it right. 
Consideration of mental health legis-
lation should be thoughtful and should examine the real barriers to appro-priate treatment. Simply throwing more money at the problem has proven time and again to be ineffective. That is why I am proud of the work being 
done by the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee. Chairman A
LEXANDER , Ranking Member M URRAY , 
and 26 other Senators, including me, support the Mental Health Awareness and Improvement Act. That bill takes important steps to increase mental health awareness, prevention, and edu-cation; encourages the sharing of rel-evant mental health information; and assesses the barriers to integrating mental and behavioral health into pri-mary care. It is a good step and should be done through the committee proc-ess. 
I thank Senator S
HAHEEN for offering 
this amendment and support the in-tent, but it has to be done right. And this increases taxes. 
Mr. President, the pending amend-
ment No. 2892 offered by Senator S
HA-
HEEN would cause the underlying legis-
lation to exceed the authorizing com-mittee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this amend-ment pursuant to section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Pursuant to section 
904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sec-tions of that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 47, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 317 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn 
Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham 
Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee 
McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan 
Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 52. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The majority whip. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2912 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2912. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). The clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Texas [Mr. C ORNYN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 2912 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this is 
an alternative to the Feinstein amend-ment we will be voting on next. Under the Feinstein amendment, the govern-ment without due process can take away from you valuable constitutional rights. They happen to be Second Amendment rights without notice and the opportunity to be heard. If you be-lieve that the Federal Government is omniscient and all competent, vote for the Feinstein amendment, but I wish to point out that even our former col-league Teddy Kennedy was on this ter-ror watch list at one point. Despite nu-merous efforts to try to get off of it, he never could—as well as our friend Cath-erine Stevens, former Ted Stevens’ spouse. 
My amendment would provide that 
due process, notice, and an opportunity to be heard, and provide new tools and increased authorities to prevent ter-rorism and prevent violence by block-ing the transfer of firearms following that notice and opportunity to be heard, which would also give the judi-cial authority an opportunity to grant an emergency terrorism order which would actually detain the person who is identified and proven to be a ter-rorist. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment, to give law enforce-ment the ability to take terrorists off the streets and prevent them from ob-taining firearms while preserving im-portant constitutional rights of law- abiding Americans. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have 
great respect for the senior Senator from Texas, a former member of the Texas Supreme Court. How he could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.051 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8346 December 3, 2015 
make an argument like this is beyond 
my ability to comprehend. 
This Republican amendment ties the 
hands of law enforcement. This amend-ment doesn’t keep terrorists from get-ting guns. It simply delays their efforts for up to 72 hours. This amendment means that all a lawyer needs to do is gum up the works for a short time and an FBI terrorist suspect can walk away with a firearm—a legal firearm. That would be relatively easy to do. There are a lot of lawyers in this Chamber. Courts can’t do virtually anything in 72 hours. How long does it take to shoot up a school, a mall, someone’s home? Fifteen minutes? Five minutes? You could be on the terrorist watch list, go buy a gun, and let the time go by. 
This is outrageous that people would 
try to run from this amendment. If you are on a terrorist watch list, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. This would allow a terrorist to not only buy a gun but keep it for up to 72 hours. 
The second aspect of this amendment 
is equally alarming. It takes money away from law enforcement. Here again, we are voting on something again and again. We already voted down this Vitter amendment, sanc-tuary cities bill, last month, which strips all local law enforcement from vital Federal community policing grants. 
I am using a little bit of my leader 
time right now. 
This strips local law enforcement 
from vital Federal community policing grants, targeted public safety and to build community trust. It cuts commu-nity development block grants, and the purpose of this is to ensure affordable housing and provide services to the most vulnerable in our communities. 
Very quickly, this amendment takes 
the FBI out of the equation when it comes to keeping guns away from ter-rorists, and it takes away from local law enforcement agencies, threatening public safety. Is it any wonder that this is an anti-law enforcement amend-ment? 
The legislation is opposed by the Fra-
ternal Order of Police, Major Cities Chiefs Association, United States Con-ference of Mayors, and many others. This is a dangerous amendment. First of all, to use Senator Kennedy, let him be on the watch list. He is not going to go buy a gun and hurt anybody. These ridiculous assertions are just that—ri-diculous. We are trying to say if you are on a watch list as being a terrorist, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. It is as simple as that. My friend the Sen-ator from California will lay this out. She has been the leader on guns in this Chamber for two decades. 
Mr. CORNYN addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. No time 
for debate remains. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 10 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, to ac-
cept the argument of the Democratic leader, you would have to believe that the Federal Government is always right and is all-knowing and can de-prive you of valuable constitutional rights without giving notice and an op-portunity to be heard in front of an im-partial tribunal—a judge. That is what the Democratic leader is suggesting. I think it is wrong and it is un-Amer-ican. It violates the very core constitu-tional protections afforded to all Americans. 
I urge Senators to vote for my alter-
native to the Feinstein amendment and against the Feinstein amendment, which would deprive people of their due process rights under the Constitution. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, there is 
nothing unconstitutional about keep-ing a terrorist from buying a gun. That is what this is all about. Do we want people on a terrorist watch list to go buy a gun? The answer is no. That is what this amendment is all about. The Senator from California will explain it. 
I raise a point of order against this 
ridiculous amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Pursuant to section 904 
of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of the appli-cable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of amendment No. 2912, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 55, 
nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 318 Leg.] 
YEAS—55 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker 
Boxer Brown Cantwell 
Cardin Carper Casey 
Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar 
Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 44. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, continuing 
to march through the amendments, I ask unanimous consent that the next amendments in order be the following: Grassley amendment No. 2914 Manchin amendment No. 2908. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2910 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To increase public safety by per-
mitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of fire-arms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dangerous terrorists) 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
call up amendment No. 2910. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2910 to amendment No. 2874. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise to speak on an amendment which is identical to a bill I have introduced with Republican Congressman P
ETER  
KING. This amendment was proposed by 
the Bush administration’s Department of Justice in 2007. It would allow the Attorney General to prevent a person from buying a gun or explosive if, one, the recipient is a known or suspected terrorist; and, two, the Attorney Gen-eral has a reasonable belief that the re-cipient would use the firearm in con-nection with a terrorist act. 
The bill has very broad law enforce-
ment support, including the Major Cit-ies Chiefs Association and the Inter-national Association of Chiefs of Po-lice. New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton, who was also chief of the Los Angeles Police Department, re-cently said on Meet the Press: 
If Congress really wants to do something 
instead of just talking about something, help us out with that Terrorist Watch List, those thousands of people that can purchase fire-arms in this country. I’m more worried about them than I am about Syrian refugees, to be quite frank with you. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.053 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8347 December 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if you 
believe the Federal Government should be able to deprive an American citizen of one of their core constitutional rights without notice and an oppor-tunity to be heard, then you should vote for the Senator’s amendment. This is not the way we are supposed to do things in this country. If you think that the Federal Government never makes a mistake and that presump-tively the decisions the Federal Gov-ernment makes about putting you on a list because of some suspicions, then you should vote for the Senator’s amendment. But we all know better than that. I have used the example of Teddy Kennedy, Captain Stevens, and others who were placed on these lists. 
At the very least we ought to provide 
those individuals with an opportunity to be notified, and they should have a right to be heard by an impartial judi-cial tribunal to make those decisions. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
the Senator’s amendment. 
I have one other reason. The whole 
purpose of this amendment is to de-stroy the privileged status of this rec-onciliation bill. If this bill passes, it will destroy our ability to pass this reconciliation bill with 51 votes. 
Again, I urge all of my colleagues to 
vote against it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, the pending 
amendment No. 2910, offered by Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN , contains matter that is 
not within the jurisdiction of the Fi-nance Committee or the HELP Com-mittee, and it is extraneous to H.R. 3762, a reconciliation bill. Therefore, I raise a point of order against the amendment pursuant to section 313(b)(1)(C) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, pur-
suant to section 904 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for the purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 45, 
nays 54, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 319 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 45, the nays are 54. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, after we 
finish the Grassley amendment and the Manchin amendment, I ask unanimous consent that the next amendments in order be the following: Bennet No. 2907 and Paul No. 2899. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Iowa. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2914 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To address gun violence, improve 
the availability of records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem, address mental illness in the criminal justice system, and end straw purchases and trafficking of illegal firearms, and for other purposes) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 2914. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. G RASSLEY ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2914 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. The Manchin- 
Toomey amendment that is going to be up next, I am told, won’t prevent the next shooting or reduce crime or fix our mental health system. We need to 
also be worried about protecting the Second Amendment. 
My amendment addresses the Obama 
administration’s reduction in gun pros-ecutions by providing money to expand Project Exile and funding for pros-ecuting felons and fugitives who fail background checks, targeted to the highest crime jurisdictions. It crim-inalizes straw purchasing and gun traf-ficking, provides more resources for Secure Our Schools grants, and in-creases funding for mental health ini-tiatives. It incentivizes States to pro-vide mental health records to the back-ground check database, clarifies what records should be submitted to the NCIS system, and it provides that mili-tary members can buy firearms in their State of residence or where they are stationed, so that what happened in Chattanooga doesn’t happen again. Fi-nally, this amendment also reduces funding to those municipalities that continue to defy the law with regard to the enforcement of immigration of-fenses, otherwise known as sanctuary cities. 
I ask for adoption of the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the vic-
tims of gun violence and their families deserve more than a moment of si-lence; they deserve a moment of san-ity. 
We have coming before us a proposal 
by a Republican Senator and a Demo-cratic Senator, Senator T
OOMEY and 
Senator M ANCHIN , a proposal to close 
the loopholes so that people who are convicted felons and people who are mentally unstable cannot buy fire-arms. Unfortunately, in the 100-page amendment being offered by the Sen-ator from Iowa, exactly the opposite occurs. The loopholes are opened. When it comes to background checks, unfor-tunately, this doesn’t do anything. 
It does do one thing: It reduces the 
amount of money available to police departments and COP grants all across the United States if the Senator dis-agrees with their immigration policy. That is why the Fraternal Order of Po-lice opposes it. 
Let’s have a moment of sanity. Let’s 
please vote no on the Grassley amend-ment. 
Mr. President, I raise a point of order 
that the pending amendment violates section 313(b)(1)(C) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Pursuant to section 
904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of appli-cable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for the purposes of amendment No. 2914, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8348 December 3, 2015 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 53, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 320 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 53, the nays are 46. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The Senator from West Virginia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2908 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To protect Second Amendment 
rights, ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and provide a responsible and consistent background check process) 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I call 
up my amendment No. 2908. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from West Virginia [Mr. 
MANCHIN ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2908 to Amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise 
again today to offer this important piece of legislation with my good friend P
ATTOOMEY . It is a bipartisan piece of legislation. It makes all the 
sense in the world. Most of America supports the background checks that we are talking about. 
As a law-abiding gun owner, I can as-
sure you that basically I have been taught not to sell my gun to a strang-er, not to sell my gun to a criminal, and not to sell my gun to someone who is severely mentally ill. That is how we were trained, and that is how most American law-abiding gun owners are trained. All this bill does is not in-fringe upon the rights of a personal transaction. 
The only thing this piece of legisla-
tion does is to close a loophole in com-mercial transactions such as gun shows and Internet sales. I don’t know if that person is a criminal. I don’t know if that person is severely mentally ill. I just don’t know that person. I was taught not to sell to that person or to give to that person unless I knew him. 
This is the most commonsense idea 
supported by an overwhelming major-ity of Americans and an overwhelming majority of law-abiding gun owners in America. 
I urge all of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle in this bipartisan leg-islation to please support this. It is ba-sically something that is long, long overdue, and these tragedies continue to happen. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, on 
this side, we yield back all of our time. 
Mr. President, the pending amend-
ment No. 2908 contains matter that is not within the jurisdiction of the Fi-nance or HELP Committees and is ex-traneous to H.R. 3762, a reconciliation bill. Therefore, I raise a point of order that the pending amendment violates section 313(b)(1)(C) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, pursu-
ant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for pur-poses of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 48, 
nays 50, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 321 Leg.] 
YEAS—48 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal 
Booker Boxer 
Brown Cantwell 
Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King 
Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Toomey Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—50 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Johnson Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 48, the nays are 50. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The Senator from Colorado. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2907 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2907. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Colorado [Mr. B ENNET ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2907 to amendment No. 2874. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide additional amounts to 
the Department of Veterans Affairs to in-crease the access of veterans to care and improve the physical infrastructure of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to im-pose a fair share tax on high-income tax-payers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . ADDITIONAL FUNDING TO INCREASE 
ACCESS OF VETERANS TO CARE AND IMPROVE PHYSICAL INFRASTRUC-TURE OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, with respect to any increase in revenues received in the Treasury as the result of the enactment of section 59A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986— 
(1) $20,000,000,000 shall be made available, 
without further appropriation, to carry out the purposes described in section 801(b) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note); and 
(2) any remaining amounts shall be used 
for Federal budget deficit reduction or, if there is no Federal budget deficit, for reduc-ing the Federal debt in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appro-priate. 
SEC. lll . FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.061 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8349 December 3, 2015 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) 
thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, this 
amendment will help improve access to care for veterans all across the country and fill a huge unmet need. It provides funding to hire more doctors, nurses, social workers, and mental health pro-fessionals to serve our veterans. It will also help improve VA medical facilities by supporting upgrades and minor con-struction improvements. 
In Colorado, our VA system has been 
plagued by long waiting times and a lack of access. Across the State, we have shortages of physicians, nurses, and mental health professionals, par-ticularly in rural areas such as Alamosa and the San Luis Valley. We also know all too well in Colorado that much more accountability is needed within the VA, and we will continue to work to improve a bureaucracy that has plagued access to quality care. 
The 400,000 veterans in Colorado and 
across the Nation deserve the best care we can offer. They deserve what they have been promised. This amendment is fully paid for, and I urge my col-leagues to vote yes on this amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. I commend my colleague from Colorado for working to advance the needs of veterans. However, Senator B
ENNET  
proposes a $20-billion increase in spend-ing paid for by a tax increase. 
I believe the problem with Washing-
ton’s finances is that our government spends too much and lives outside its means. I am continually working to put our country’s finances on a sus-
tainable path so that more Americans can keep more of their hard-earned money. What we don’t need are higher taxes, and we do need bills that go through the proper committees. 
Congress has continually rejected 
this one-sided tax policy. Comprehen-sive tax reform is needed to examine our system of credits. Washington al-ready takes $3 trillion per year from the American public, which is more than enough to fund necessary govern-ment functions, provided we get through the regular process. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this. 
Mr. President, the pending amend-
ment No. 2907 would cause the under-lying legislation to exceed the author-izing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this amendment pursuant to section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, first, 
through the Chair, I say thank you to my colleague from Wyoming for his kind words about our efforts with re-spect to veterans. 
Pursuant to section 904 of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable provisions of that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 47, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 322 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran 
Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.019 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8350 December 3, 2015 
Hoeven 
Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 52. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, next up of 
course will be the Paul amendment. 
I ask unanimous consent that fol-
lowing the vote on that amendment, the next amendments in order be the following: Cardin amendment No. 2913 and Coats amendment No. 2888. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Kentucky. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2899 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To prevent the entry of extremists 
into the United States under the refugee program, and for other purposes) 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2899. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. P AUL] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2899 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes evenly divided. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, we spend 
hundreds of billions of dollars defend-ing our country, and yet we cannot truly defend our country unless we de-fend our border. My bill would place pause on issuing visas to countries that are at high risk for exporting terrorists to us. My bill would also say to visa waiver countries that in order to come and visit, you would have to go through global entry, which would re-quire a background check. 
I urge Senators who truly do want to 
defend our country and have increased border security to vote for this amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I hate to 
say this to my good friend from Ken-tucky, but this is a bumper sticker kind of amendment. It says it would keep us secure, but it would even stop tourists from visiting this country for at least 30 days. Let’s say you have a relative who is 
dying in this country, you will have to call them up and say: Don’t die for at least 30 days so I can come over and say goodbye to you. It stops some of our closest allies in the Middle East. Jordan is probably our closest ally, and this legislation would stop us from issuing visas there. 
It doesn’t make us safer. It kills our 
tourist industry, it damages our econ-omy, but most importantly it makes it look to the rest of the world like we are cowering in our shoes. I don’t want to do that. 
Mr. President, I raise a point of order 
that the pending amendment violates section 313(b)(1)(C) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, pursuant 
to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver pro-visions of the applicable budget resolu-tions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of amendment No. 2899, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I under-
stand that there is going to be a re-quest for a 60-vote margin on this vote. If my understanding of that is correct, I withdraw my point of order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that there be a 60-vote threshold for adoption of this amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 10, 
nays 89, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 323 Leg.] 
YEAS—10 
Barrasso 
Cruz Enzi Kirk Lee 
Moran Paul Sessions Shelby 
Vitter 
NAYS—89 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer 
Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy 
Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
Daines Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine 
King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow 
Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that Senator M
CCAINbe 
recognized to offer amendment No. 2884. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2884 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2884. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2884 to 
amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from approved pharmacies in Canada) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SAFE AND AFFORDABLE DRUGS 
FROM CANADA. 
Chapter VIII of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 810. IMPORTATION BY INDIVIDUALS OF 
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS FROM CAN-ADA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall promulgate regula-tions permitting individuals to safely import into the United States a prescription drug described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG.—A prescription 
drug described in this subsection— 
‘‘(1) is a prescription drug that— ‘‘(A) is purchased from an approved Cana-
dian pharmacy; 
‘‘(B) is dispensed by a pharmacist licensed 
to practice pharmacy and dispense prescrip-tion drugs in Canada; 
‘‘(C) is purchased for personal use by the 
individual, not for resale, in quantities that do not exceed a 90-day supply; 
‘‘(D) is filled using a valid prescription 
issued by a physician licensed to practice in a State in the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.021 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8351 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(E) has the same active ingredient or in-
gredients, route of administration, dosage form, and strength as a prescription drug ap-proved by the Secretary under chapter V; and 
‘‘(2) does not include— ‘‘(A) a controlled substance (as defined in 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)); 
‘‘(B) a biological product (as defined in sec-
tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262)); 
‘‘(C) an infused drug (including a peri-
toneal dialysis solution); 
‘‘(D) an intravenously injected drug; ‘‘(E) a drug that is inhaled during surgery; ‘‘(F) a parenteral drug; ‘‘(G) a drug manufactured through 1 or 
more biotechnology processes, including— 
‘‘(i) a therapeutic DNA plasmid product; ‘‘(ii) a therapeutic synthetic peptide prod-
uct of not more than 40 amino acids; 
‘‘(iii) a monoclonal antibody product for in 
vivo use; and 
‘‘(iv) a therapeutic recombinant DNA-de-
rived product; 
‘‘(H) a drug required to be refrigerated at 
any time during manufacturing, packing, processing, or holding; or 
‘‘(I) a photoreactive drug. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVED CANADIAN PHARMACY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, an ap-
proved Canadian pharmacy is a pharmacy that— 
‘‘(A) is located in Canada; and ‘‘(B) that the Secretary certifies— ‘‘(i) is licensed to operate and dispense pre-
scription drugs to individuals in Canada; and 
‘‘(ii) meets the criteria under paragraph 
(3). 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION OF APPROVED CANADIAN  
PHARMACIES .—The Secretary shall publish on 
the Internet Web site of the Food and Drug Administration a list of approved Canadian pharmacies, including the Internet Web site address of each such approved Canadian pharmacy, from which individuals may pur-chase prescription drugs in accordance with subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL CRITERIA .—To be an ap-
proved Canadian pharmacy, the Secretary shall certify that the pharmacy— 
‘‘(A) has been in existence for a period of at 
least 5 years preceding the date of such cer-
tification and has a purpose other than to participate in the program established under this section; 
‘‘(B) operates in accordance with pharmacy 
standards set forth by the provincial phar-macy rules and regulations enacted in Can-ada; 
‘‘(C) has processes established by the phar-
macy, or participates in another established process, to certify that the physical premises and data reporting procedures and licenses are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and has implemented poli-cies designed to monitor ongoing compliance with such laws and regulations; 
‘‘(D) conducts or commits to participate in 
ongoing and comprehensive quality assur-ance programs and implements such quality assurance measures, including blind testing, to ensure the veracity and reliability of the findings of the quality assurance program; 
‘‘(E) agrees that laboratories approved by 
the Secretary shall be used to conduct prod-uct testing to determine the safety and effi-cacy of sample pharmaceutical products; 
‘‘(F) has established, or will establish or 
participate in, a process for resolving griev-ances and will be held accountable for viola-tions of established guidelines and rules; 
‘‘(G) does not resell products from online 
pharmacies located outside Canada to cus-tomers in the United States; and 
‘‘(H) meets any other criteria established 
by the Secretary.’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
Mr. M CCAIN. For how long? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For 1 
minute. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to pay attention to the fol-lowing: For a drug called Glumetza, the price in Canada is $157 for 90 tab-lets; the price in the United States is $4,643 for 90 tablets. Edecrin in Canada costs $607 per vial; in the United States, it costs $4,600 per vial. Biltricide costs $10.50 per tablet in Can-ada and $81 in the United States. 
The list goes on and on. My dear friends, let our citizens go to 
Canada and buy their prescription drugs. What is wrong with that? What is wrong with allowing them to be able to spend $157 for 90 tablets in Canada instead of $4,643 for 90 tablets? I will tell my colleagues what it is. It is the power of the pharmaceutical compa-nies that will prevent us from letting Americans go to Canada and get those pharmaceuticals at a reasonable price. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Tragically, because this 
will be subject to a 60-vote thresh-old—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent for an additional 30 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Tragically, some stooge 
of the pharmaceutical company will object on a budget point of order, so I will withdraw the amendment. But, my friends, you have not heard the last of this wonderful issue that I am having so much fun with but which is impor-tant to all of our constituents who are paying outrageous prices to the phar-maceutical companies. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator from Arizona be given an additional half hour to explain his views. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. BARRASSO. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2884 WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCAIN. I withdraw the amend-
ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is withdrawn. 
The Senator from Maryland. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2913 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2913. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. C ARDIN ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2913 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to extend the special rule for seniors relating to the income level for de-duction of medical care expenses and to re-quire high-income taxpayers to pay a fair share of taxes) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE FOR 
SENIORS RELATING TO INCOME LEVEL FOR DEDUCTION OF MED-ICAL CARE EXPENSES. 
Subsection (f) of section 213 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—In the case of any tax-
able year beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2024, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a tax-payer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 per-cent’ if such taxpayer or such taxpayer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year.’’. 
SEC. lll . FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.020 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8352 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am not 
going to ask for a record vote on this amendment, and I hope that will help others try to move the process along. 
This amendment is very similar to 
the next amendment, the Coats amend-ment, in that it is a clear indication that the Democrats understand that we want to extend the medical expense de-duction of 7.5 percent threshold to sen-iors, which expires at the end of 2016. The difference is that we don’t believe it should be paid for on the backs of our seniors, and that is why this amendment would have it paid for by a minimum tax of 30 percent on those 
who earn over $1 million dollars, the so-called Buffett rule. 
The Coats amendment that is coming 
up next is on the backs of seniors by denying the indexing of the $85,000 threshold for seniors to pay the addi-tional Medicare premiums. I will have a chance to talk about that in a mo-ment, but this amendment allows us to extend the medical expense deduction of 7.5 percent threshold but does it without attacking our seniors. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want to 
thank the Senator from Maryland for being willing to take a voice vote, knowing that would be in the minority. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2913. 
The amendment (No. 2913) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2888 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2888. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. C OATS ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 2888 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to extend the special rule for seniors relating to the income level for de-duction of medical care expenses, and for other purposes) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE FOR 
SENIORS RELATING TO INCOME LEVEL FOR DEDUCTION OF MED-ICAL CARE EXPENSES. 
Subsection (f) of section 213 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—In the case of any tax-
able year beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2024, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a tax-payer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 per-cent’ if such taxpayer or such taxpayer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year.’’. 
SEC. ll. TEMPORARY SUSPENSION OF THE IN-
FLATION ADJUSTMENT IN THE CAL-CULATION OF MEDICARE PART B AND PART D PREMIUMS. 
Section 1839(i)(5) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(i)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘in 2018 through 2025’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2020, August 
2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2026, August 2024’’. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, similarly, 
as Mr. C ARDIN has said, what this does 
is to continue something that was put into the Affordable Care Act, a rise be-tween 7.5 percent of adjusted gross in-come before you can begin deducting to 
10 percent of adjusted gross income be-fore you can deduct. For seniors, an ex-emption was provided so that seniors could stay at the 7.5 percent level. This expires next year. My amendment es-sentially extends this for 7 years. It is to the benefit of seniors to do this. For those seniors who find excessive med-ical expenses facing them, this is some-thing that was supported, obviously, by everyone across the aisle in the Afford-able Care Act, and I am extending this for an additional 7 years with this amendment. 
I urge my colleagues to support for 
low-income and middle-income seniors the excessive medical cost by adopting the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would 
urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment because of how it is paid for. Seniors who have $85,000 of income have to pay a higher Part B premium today. We have indexed that because, as I think Members on both sides of the aisle agree, we believe that brackets should have that type of index so that our seniors are protected from infla-tionary growth. 
The problem with the Coats amend-
ment is that he removes that index through 2025. This is an attack on our seniors. There is no way that we should be paying for this worthwhile extender. I don’t disagree with the extender, but I do take exception with paying for it on the backs of our seniors, and I urge my colleagues to reject the amend-ment. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, if I could 
just respond. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 2888. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in 
the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 60, 
nays 39, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 324 Leg.] 
YEAS—60 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson 
Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.022 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8353 December 3, 2015 
Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse 
Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune 
Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—39 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein 
Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The amendment (No. 2888) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that following disposition of the Paul amendment, Senator M
CCONNELL or his designee be 
recognized to offer amendment No. 2916; further, that Senator R
EIDor his 
designee be recognized to offer Byrd points of order against amendment No. 2916 and that Senator M
CCONNELL or 
his designee be recognized to make the relevant motion to waive; and that fol-lowing the disposition of the motion to waive, the only three amendments re-maining in order be the following: Reid amendment No. 2917, Baldwin amend-ment No. 2919, and Murphy amendment No. 2918. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The majority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —CONFERENCE  
REPORT TO ACCOMPANY H .R. 22 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that following the disposition of H.R. 3762, the Chair lay before the Senate the conference report to accompany H.R. 22; further, that it be in order for the majority leader or his designee to offer a cloture motion on the conference report; and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, that there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided between the two leaders or their designees on the clo-ture motion; I further ask that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture; finally, if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time be yielded back and the Senate vote on adoption of the conference report to accompany H.R. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I reserve 
the right to object. 
I am so not going to object. I just 
wanted to thank you and thank every-body. I think this is a moment all of us have waited for, for a long time, so I am not objecting. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to announce to everybody there will be up to five votes, and on those five votes we will have 10-minute roll-call votes. We intend to enforce the 10 minutes, so it would be a good idea for everybody to stay close to the Cham-ber. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I appreciate 
very much the direction we are going, but I would hope that we would have, really, 10-minute votes. One way to en-force that is to have people miss a cou-ple of these votes, OK? Because people come strolling in thinking they are going to be protected, so I would hope it would be 10-minute votes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the next amend-ment be Paul amendment No. 2915 and that it be subject to a 60-vote affirma-tive threshold for adoption. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Kentucky. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2915 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To restore Second Amendment 
rights in the District of Columbia) 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2915. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. P AUL] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2915 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes equally divided on the amendment. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, last week 
the District of Columbia police chief said that if you see an active shooter, take them down. The problem is it is very difficult to own a gun in DC, and it is nearly impossible to have a gun with you if you were to see an active shooter. 
So my amendment would create a 
District of Columbia concealed carry permit program. It would also allow national reciprocity for concealed carry. It would also allow Active-Duty Forces to carry concealed carry-on De-partment of Defense properties. 
I ask the Senate and those Senators 
who believe in self-defense to vote for this amendment. 
Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am 
rather shocked at this amendment by my friend—and he is my friend. If I stood here and said: I don’t like the laws in Lexington, KY, and I think that Big Brother ought to decide we should repeal their laws because I don’t 
like it—that is ridiculous. The fact is, I am shocked that a Libertarian would stand here and offer this. 
I thought that Libertarians believe 
in freedom of localities over Big Gov-ernment. So why would you wipe out duly enacted local laws? DC has its own unique needs. We know how many diplomats come here. We know the rest. It is quite different. We are a defi-nite target, but the fact is, I urge my colleagues to stand and be counted here on behalf of local control. 
I started off as a county supervisor. I 
didn’t want other entities telling me what to do. I think we ought to vote no on this. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question occurs on agreeing to Paul amendment No. 2915. 
Mr. PAUL. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 54, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 325 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2916 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.023 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8354 December 3, 2015 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 2916. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for 
Mr. M CCONNELL , proposes an amendment 
numbered 2916 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, over 
the last several years our country has taken some important steps forward when it comes to health care. More than 16 million people have gained the peace of mind and security that comes with having health care coverage. Tens of millions of people with preexisting conditions no longer have to worry about insurance companies turning them away. Young adults in our coun-try are able to stay covered under their 
parents’ insurance as they start out in life. And there is so much more. But, as I have said many times, the work did not end when the Affordable Care Act passed—far from it. I am ready to con-tinue working with anyone who has good ideas about how to continue mak-ing health care more affordable, ex-pand coverage, and improve quality of care. 
Unfortunately, with this latest tired 
political effort to dismantle critical health care reforms, my Republican colleagues are once again making it clear that they want to take our health care system back to the bad old days. This is a major substitute amendment that my Republican colleagues just of-fered. It is yet another effort to pander to the extreme political base rather than working with us to strengthen health care for our families. 
Even the Parliamentarian agreed 
with us today that repealing these im-portant premium stabilization pro-grams does not have a sufficient budget impact and is subject to the Byrd rule. 
So I am raising a point of order today 
to strike section 105(b) from the amendment, which repeals the risk cor-ridor program. It is a vital program to make sure premiums are affordable and stable for our working families. Re-pealing it would result in increased premiums, more uninsured, and less competition in the market. 
This amendment represents a step 
forward for our health care system, not backward. I hope Republicans will drop the politics and join us in supporting it. 
Mr. President, I raise a point of order 
that section 105(b) of the pending amendment violates section 313(b)(1)(D) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, ‘‘premium 
stabilization’’ is a fancy term for bail-out. What this basically seeks to strike 
out is a provision that takes out the money for a bailout fund, for taxpayer money that would be used to bail out insurance companies that participate in ObamaCare. Why should the Amer-ican taxpayer have to bail out private insurance companies that are losing money on ObamaCare? 
Last year, because we passed this 
provision, we saved the American tax-payers $2.5 billion. But now, because these companies have lobbyists who come up here and lobby to get their money, we are supposed to leave in this fund to bail out private insurance com-panies. This is outrageous. 
If you want to be involved in the ex-
changes—and of course I want us to re-peal the whole lot, but if you want to be involved in these exchanges and you lose money, the American taxpayer should not have to bail you out to the tune of over $2 billion, and that is what they are asking for. 
Mr. President, pursuant to section 
904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of appli-cable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of amendment No. 2916, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, 
nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 326 Leg.] 
YEAS—52 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin 
Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey 
McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen 
Stabenow Tester Udall 
Warner Warren Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 47. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and section 105(b) is stricken. 
The Democratic leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2917 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2916 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask the 
clerk to report amendment No. 2917. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. R EID] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 2917 to amendment No. 2916. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the reinstatement of the 
tax on employee health insurance pre-miums and health plan benefits) 
In section 209, strike subsection (c). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. There is no shortage of 
contradictions today from my Repub-lican friends. The first amendment was called, ‘‘If you like what you have, you can keep it.’’ A couple of hours later, the same Republicans came back and voted to strip the health care for 22 million Americans. 
In one of the few bipartisan moments 
today, 90 Senators voted to remove the provision that would restart the Cad-illac tax in 2025. Yet minutes later, the Republican leader offered the pending substitute amendment to put that pro-vision back in. 
Do they really believe those who op-
pose the Cadillac tax will not recognize that they voted with them and then immediately reversed themselves and voted against them? I am offering them a chance to correct the record. 
My amendment will again remove 
the provision that restarts the Cadillac tax in 2025. I urge all Senators, particu-larly the 90 who just voted yes, to sup-port this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I appreciate 
the senior Senator from Nevada pro-tecting the bipartisan amendment that was put forward by the junior Senator from Nevada to make sure that stays in the bill. I suggest that we have a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the amendment. 
The amendment (No. 2917) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2919 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2916 
(Purpose: To ensure that individuals can 
keep their health insurance coverage) 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 2919. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.080 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8355 December 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wisconsin [Ms. B ALDWIN ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2919 to amendment No. 2916. 
Ms. BALDWIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak in support of my amendment to allow families in Wisconsin and across the country to keep their high- quality affordable health insurance under the Affordable Care Act. 
My Republican friends want to repeal 
the Affordable Care Act and turn back the clock to the days when only the healthy and wealthy could afford the luxury of quality health insurance. The plan before us would strip millions of Americans of their premium tax cred-its and take away new Medicaid cov-erage for thousands of people across this country. 
My amendment is simple. It would 
prevent Republicans from taking away these tax credits and Medicaid for mil-lions of low-income Americans. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, over 183,000 Wisconsinites—hard-working Wiscon-sinites—have obtained quality, afford-able private health insurance coverage through the marketplace. Almost 90 percent of these Wisconsinites are re-ceiving support to make their coverage more affordable. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Ms. BALDWIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent for 10 more seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Americans deserve to 
know their coverage will be there when they need it the most. I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment be-cause in the United States of America, health care should be a right guaran-teed to all, not a privilege reserved for the few. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. This amendment would exempt individ-uals eligible for advanced premium tax credits from the larger tax credit re-peal in the bill. As a matter of policy and fairness, I do not believe that just because an individual is eligible for an advanceable tax credit, they should be exempt from the larger repeal. 
I also object to the repeated attempt 
to pay for this amendment by increas-ing taxes on hard-working Americans. I urge my colleagues to oppose this mes-sage. 
The pending amendment No. 2919 
would cause the underlying legislation to exceed the authorizing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget author-ity or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this amendment pursuant to section 302(f) of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, pursu-
ant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for pur-poses of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 45, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 327 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 45, the nays are 54. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. 
The Senator from Connecticut. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2918 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2916 
(Purpose: To protect victims of violence or 
disease, veterans, workers who have lost their health insurance and their jobs, and other vulnerable populations from the re-peal of the advanced premium tax credit) 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 2918. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. M UR-
PHY] proposes an amendment numbered 2918 
to amendment No. 2916. Mr. MURPHY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, when 
President Clinton proposed his health care bill in 1993, Republicans were so upset that they came up with a radical idea. This radical idea was to give tax credits to poor people to buy private insurance, to set up an insurance ex-change where they could do that, to ban preexisting conditions, and to in-clude an individual mandate—in short, the Affordable Care Act, built by Re-publicans, many of them still in this Chamber today. 
At the heart of that proposal was the 
idea that people should get a tax cut in order to be able to buy private insur-
ance. At the heart of the underlying Republican amendment is a gutting of that ability of individuals to go out and buy private insurance for them-selves. 
This amendment is pretty simple. It 
says that at the very least we can come together on the idea that we should preserve those tax credits for the most vulnerable—for pregnant women, for victims of domestic violence, for people suffering from heart disease, cancer, and Alzheimer’s. At the very least, we can come together and decide to pro-tect those tax credits—a Republican idea at the genesis for those vulnerable individuals. 
I urge adoption of the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Under ObamaCare, health insurance 
plans are decreasing, they are nar-rower, and they are giving sick individ-uals fewer choices and fewer options over their health care. 
Repealing ObamaCare is the first 
step in moving toward health care that is better for all Americans, including those who Senators M
URPHY and S TA-
BENOW intend to help. 
This amendment also again proposes 
the Buffett tax, taxing foreign inver-sion corporations as domestic, and ex-panding limitations on executive com-pensation deductibility. 
I believe the problem with Washing-
ton’s finances is that our government spends too much and lives outside its means. I am continually working to put our country’s finances on a sus-tainable path so that more Americans can keep more of their hard-earned money. We don’t need higher taxes. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
upcoming motion to waive. 
Mr. President, the pending amend-
ment No. 2918 would cause the under-lying legislation to exceed the author-izing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this amendment pursuant to section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.082 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8356 December 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, pursu-
ant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for pur-poses of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 46, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 328 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 46, the nays are 53. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2916, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question occurs on amendment No. 2916, as amended, offered by the major-ity leader. 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, we are 
about to have a voice vote on the sub-stitute amendment, and I would not object to a voice vote, since I know we have all been here a long time, but I would just like to point out to every-one that the substitute amendment is a major bill that has just been intro-
duced that we are now voting on. I as-sume everyone has read every word of it. 
We have been debating 20 hours and 
just got a major amendment a few hours ago that doubles down on all of the deep and harmful bill that is in front of us, and it is really objection-able to those on our side that after 20 hours of debate on a number of amend-ments we get a major substitute amendment that we are voting on. 
I would not object to it being a voice 
vote, but I urge my colleagues to vote no. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I yield back the 
time on this side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2916, as amended. 
The amendment (No. 2916), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2874, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question occurs on amendment No. 2874, as amended, offered by the major-ity leader. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I yield back our 
time. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I yeld back all 
time on this side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 2874, as amended. 
The amendment (No. 2874), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
years the American people have been calling on Washington to build a bridge away from ObamaCare. For years Democrats prevented the Senate from passing legislation to do just that, but in just a moment that will change. 
It will be a victory for the middle- 
class families who have endured this law’s pain far too long on their medical choices, on the affordability of their care, on the availability of their doc-tors and hospitals, and on the insur-ance they liked and wanted to keep. A new Senate that is back on the side of the American people will vote to move beyond all the broken promises, all the higher costs, and all the failures. We will vote to build a bridge away from ObamaCare and toward better care. We will vote for a new beginning. 
We hope the House will again do the 
same, and then President Obama will have a choice. He can defend the status quo that has failed the middle class by vetoing the bill or he can work toward a new beginning and better care by signing it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, as I 
have said before, I am very proud of the progress we have made over the last few years toward a health care system that actually works for our families and puts their needs first. 
Today more than 16 million people 
have gained the peace of mind and se-curity that comes with health care coverage. Tens of millions of people with preexisting conditions no longer 
have to worry about insurance compa-nies turning them away, and young adults in this country are able to stay covered as they start out their lives, but the work didn’t end when the Af-fordable Care Act was passed—far from it. 
So I am ready, and I know our col-
leagues on this side of the aisle are also, to work with anyone who has good ideas about how we continue making health care more affordable, expanding coverage, and improving the quality of care. 
The legislation we have now spent 
the last few days debating, which has no chance for becoming law, will do the exact opposite. This will undo the progress we have made. It is not what our families and communities want. 
I hope that once this partisan bill 
reaches the dead-end it has always been headed for, Republicans will fi-nally drop the politics and work with us to deliver results for the families and communities we serve. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having read the third time, the ques-tion is, shall the bill pass? 
Mr. BARRASSO. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 52, 
nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 329 Leg.] 
YEAS—52 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey 
Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.084 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8357 December 3, 2015 
McCaskill 
Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester 
Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The bill (H.R. 3762), as amended, was 
passed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a 60-af-firmative vote be required for adoption of the conference report to accompany H.R. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
the information of all of our col-leagues, there will be only two votes in relation to the highway bill, and those will be the last votes of the week. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION RE-
AUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015—CONFERENCE RE-PORT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair lays before the Senate the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 22, which will be stated by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 22), to author-ize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes, having met, have agreed that the Senate recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment and the House agree to the same, signed by a majority of the conferees on the part of both Houses. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the conference report. 
(The conference report is printed in 
the House proceedings of the R ECORD of 
December 1, 2015.) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
are 30 minutes of debate equally di-vided. 
Who yields time? Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I wish to 
clarify today a provision included in the FAST Act conference report. 
In order to build and restore the Na-
tion’s highway infrastructure without breaking the bank to do so, we are going to need the best and latest in cost-saving construction technologies to help us attain that goal. 
I supported a provision in the Senate 
bill that would do just that with regard to construction for key highway com-ponents, such as bridge abutments, ero-sion control on highway waterways, and sound walls. My language specifi-cally identified ‘‘innovative segmental wall technology for soil bank stabiliza-tion and roadway sound attenuation, 
and articulated technology for hydrau-lic sheer-resistant erosion control’’ as technologies for research and deploy-ment action by the Federal Highway Administration, FHWA. 
A core value shared by all three tech-
nologies is that they can save taxpayer dollars. And we should certainly en-courage FHWA to engage in research and deployment on them. 
For example, one of the practical and 
expensive problems with highway con-struction is moving and dispensing with excavated dirt. Segmental retain-ing wall, or SRW, technology can re-duce transportation construction costs to the taxpayers by allowing the use of in situ soils in building segmental re-taining walls rather than treating the excavated dirt as waste and hauling it away. Using the native soils for bank reinforcement can save the hauling costs and time for dirt removal, also reducing construction time. Similar segmental unit technology can be used to provide additional choices that are also aesthetically appealing for trans-portation designers to consider for sound attenuation. 
And articulated segmented unit tech-
nology for erosion control, known as ACB for the concrete blocks usually used for this purpose linked together in a durable matrix, is especially durable and resistant to overtopping in high- water events. Overtopping is a major problem in high-water events that can degrade or ruin the existing erosion control measures. Rebuilding and re-placing is always a huge cost that we should seek to avoid. 
While the conference report does not 
retain my provision, we still have op-tions to save the taxpayers money. I would like to point out that provisions appear elsewhere in the conference re-port that can give FHWA essentially the same mission, albeit articulated in a different way. 
Section 1428 of the conference report 
states that ‘‘the Secretary shall en-courage the use of durable, resilient and sustainable materials and prac-tices, including the use of geosynthetic materials and other innovative tech-nologies, in carrying out the activities of the Federal Highway Administra-tion.’’ 
Section 1428 might be an alternate 
means of articulating the same con-cepts I supported with regard to the in-novative segmental wall, or SRW, tech-nology. SRW walls use concrete block facing materials that are obviously highly durable, resilient, and sustain-able. These facing units are anchored into the soils using geosynthetic ties that are also highly tough and durable and described in Section 1428. 
In passing the conference report, I 
would like to clarify for FHWA staff to consider SRW technology, using the durable, resilient, sustainable mate-rials anchored with geosynthetics as one of the technologies envisioned in Section 1428. ACBs and segmental block sound walls also fit the defini-tion of durable, resilient, and sustain-
able materials and techniques set forth in this section and should enjoy a simi-lar favorable view under the umbrella of Section 1428. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about the highway trust fund, HTF, and the conference report we will be considering shortly to ac-company the surface transportation re-authorization bill, which is called the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-
tation Act, FAST Act. 
First, I am pleased to see that this 
bill provides 5 years of funding for our Nation’s transportation infrastructure. That is the kind of long-range cer-tainty our State and local officials and the private sector need to plan trans-portation infrastructure projects in a thoughtful and responsible way. 
While there are many excellent pro-
visions in the bill, I do have significant concerns about the way our Nation’s surface transportation infrastructure is being funded. 
First, I will speak about the policy 
within the bill. I am pleased that the conference committee has retained this Nation’s commitment to transpor-tation alternatives. This bill includes more than $4 billion for bike and pedes-trian infrastructure, making our roads safer for everyone who uses them. My bill creating a dedicated program for nonmotorized safety is also included in the reauthorization, which will support things like bike safety training pro-grams for both bicyclists and drivers, again making our streets safer for all who use them. 
Furthermore, the section 5340 bus 
program has been kept intact. This program is for high-density areas like Baltimore and Washington, DC, which cannot simply widen a road to accom-modate extra travelers. The FAST Act provides more than $2.7 billion to high- density areas. This is significant for Maryland in particular. Over the life of this bill, Maryland should receive more than $4.4 billion in Federal Highway Administration, FHWA, and Federal Transit Administration, FTA, funding combined. That is an extraordinary amount of funding for a State that sorely needs it. 
I am concerned, however, that the 
FAST Act undermines the public input, environmental analysis, and judicial review guaranteed under the National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA. If Congress wants Federal agencies to ap-prove more permits faster, then we should appropriate the requisite funds for sufficient staff and other necessary resources. We should not undermine the integrity of important project re-views. Moreover, the argument that the permitting process takes too long is a red herring. More than 95 percent of all FHWA-approved projects involve no significant impacts and therefore have limited NEPA requirements. If we really want to speed project develop-ment, we should recognize the known causes of delay and not use this bill as a Trojan horse to dismantle our Na-tion’s foundational environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.063 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8358 December 3, 2015 
laws. So while I support many of the 
policies in the bill, I am still very con-cerned about the impact it will have on our environment. 
While I have mixed feelings about the 
policies in this bill, I am not conflicted with regard to how it is funded. I am extremely disappointed in the hodge-podge of questionable pay-fors that we are using in this bill. We certainly needed to address the problem of fund-ing our Nation’s highway and transit 
systems beyond the myriad short-term extensions that Congress has approved in the past. But instead of opting for a reliable and permanent future revenue stream to pay for this critical govern-ment function, the FAST Act falls back on provisions completely unre-lated to highways and mass transit. It relies on one-time pay-fors that are simply digging a deeper hole for the next reauthorization. That is a trouble-some precedent. 
I think we have missed an oppor-
tunity here to stick to the ‘‘user pays’’ principle with regard to the Federal gasoline excise tax, which hasn’t been raised since 1993. According to the Con-gressional Budget Office, a 10-cent-per- gallon increase in the tax would fully fund the bill for 5 years. 
Gasoline prices are plunging around 
the country, with the national average falling in 24 out of the past 30 days, ac-cording to the American Automobile Association, AAA, earlier this week. The price of a gallon of regular gaso-line now stands at $2.04 nationally, down 14 cents compared to 1 month ago and 74 cents lower than this time last year. AAA officials and others antici-pate that the national average price will dip below the $2.00 threshold with-in a matter of days. 
So, as I said, I think we may be miss-
ing an opportunity here to put surface transportation infrastructure funding back on a solid foundation, appro-priately based on the ‘‘user pays’’ prin-ciple. 
It is also important from a policy 
perspective that we price carbon more appropriately to reflect its total costs, promote fuel efficiency, and accelerate the absolutely essential shift from fos-sil fuels to cleaner, more sustainable sources of energy. Lower gasoline prices let motorists keep more money in their pockets in the short term. But we have to think about the long term, too, and if we needlessly delay making that inevitable shift, the long-term costs to human health and the environ-ment will dwarf any perceived short- term gains. 
There is one so-called offset in the 
bill that I adamantly oppose: the use of private collection agencies, PCAs, to collect tax debt. I oppose this provision not only because it simply will not raise revenue but also because it is ter-rible tax policy that puts a target on the back of low-income and middle- class families. The Treasury Depart-ment, the Internal Revenue Service, IRS, and the National Taxpayer Advo-cate all join me in opposing this provi-sion. The Joint Committee on Taxation, 
JCT, scores this provision at over $2.0 billion over 10 years, but since JCT only takes into account incoming and outgoing tax revenue, its score doesn’t take into account the IRS’s implemen-tation and oversight costs and the op-portunity costs of farming collections out to private collectors. 
Twice before, from 1996 to 1997 and 
from 2006 to 2009, Congress required Treasury to turn over some tax collec-tion efforts to PCAs with miserable re-sults. The first attempt resulted in the loss of $17 million and contractors par-ticipating were found to have violated the Fair Debt Collections Practice Act. Under legislation enacted in 2004, the IRS again attempted to use PCAs to collect Federal taxes in 2006. In Sep-tember of that year, the IRS began turning over delinquent taxpayer ac-counts to three PCAs who were per-mitted to keep between 21–24 percent of the money they collected. While the program was supposed to bring in up to $2.2 billion in unpaid taxes, data from the IRS showed that the program actu-ally resulted in a net loss of almost $4.5 million to the Federal Government after subtracting $86.2 million in ad-ministration costs and more than $16 million in commissions to the PCAs. 
In analyzing the PCA offset last year, 
the IRS prepared a preliminary esti-mate of the percentage of individual taxpayers who have ‘‘inactive tax re-ceivables’’ that would be subject to pri-vate debt collection and who are low- income. After reviewing collection data for fiscal year 2013, the IRS found that 79 percent of the cases that fell into the ‘‘inactive tax receivables’’ cat-egory involved taxpayers with incomes below 250 percent of the Federal pov-erty level. So nearly four-fifths of de-linquent taxpayers were almost surely in the ‘‘can’t pay’’ category and would be unlikely to make payments when contacted by a PCA instead of the IRS. 
Not only are low-income taxpayers 
more vulnerable to begin with, PCAs actually provide fewer options for them to meet their tax obligations. IRS em-ployees, unlike the PCAs, have a vari-ety of tools at their disposal they can use to help delinquent taxpayers meet their tax obligations, especially those facing financial difficulties. These tools include the ability to postpone, extend, or suspend collection activities for limited periods of time; making available flexible payment schedules that provide for skipped or reduced monthly payments under certain cir-cumstances; the possibility of waiving late penalties or postponing asset sei-zures; and offers in compromise, OIC, which are agreements between strug-gling taxpayers and the IRS that settle tax debts for less than the full amount owed. 
In contrast, the PCAs’ sole interest is 
to collect from a taxpayer the balance due amount they have been provided. They have no interest in whether the taxpayer owes other taxes or may not have filed required returns. They can-not provide any advice or use any of 
the tools IRS employees have, such as extensions or offers in compromise. 
In October, I joined 15 other Sen-
ators—including several of my Finance Committee colleagues and Ranking Member W
YDEN —in signing a letter the 
senior Senator from Ohio, Mr. B ROWN , 
sent to leadership on the dangers and shortcomings of this provision. Unfor-tunately, our message was not heard. So, because we refuse to turn to obvi-ous and commonsense financing solu-tions for our transportation infrastruc-ture problems, we have decided instead to use an offset that has historically lost money, all on the backs of low-in-come taxpayers. 
Mr. President, the FAST Act con-
ference report is a bipartisan, bi-cameral achievement. I congratulate the House and Senate conferees for reaching an agreement; I know it has been an arduous process. The reauthor-ization contains many good provisions and provides 5 years of desperately needed funding for our Nation’s crum-bling transportation infrastructure. I will vote for the conference report, but I will do so with serious reservations about how this bill is funded. Our sur-face transportation infrastructure is a crucial component of our national se-curity and economic competitiveness. Reauthorizing our surface transpor-tation programs used to be a relatively routine matter; now it is becoming harder and harder to do and we are re-lying more and more on gimmicky funding mechanisms. These are worri-some precedents. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, over the 
past few years, the public has grown in-creasingly skeptical of Congress being able to function. 
When Republicans took the majority 
in January, we promised the American people we would get the Senate work-ing again, and we have been delivering on that promise. 
This Transportation bill conference 
report is another major legislative achievement and the result of hard work by several committees in the House and Senate who put together key provisions to spur long overdue in-frastructure investment and safety im-provements. 
This bill will give States and local 
governments the certainty they need to plan for and commit to key infra-structure projects. It will also help strengthen our Nation’s transportation system by increasing transparency in the allocation of transportation dol-lars, streamlining the permitting and environmental review processes, and cutting red tape. 
Republicans and Democrats alike got 
to make their voices heard during this process, and the final conference report is stronger because of it. 
As chairman of the Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation Com-mittee, I had the opportunity to work on various sections of the bill with Ranking Member B
ILLNELSON . The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.070 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8359 December 3, 2015 
provisions under our committee’s juris-
diction comprise roughly half of the 1,300 pages of legislative text. 
One particular focus was on enhanc-
ing the safety of our Nation’s cars, trucks, and railroads, and the final bill we produced makes key reforms that will enhance transportation safety around the country. 
Over the past year, the Commerce 
Committee has spent a lot of time fo-cused on motor vehicle safety efforts. Last year was a record year for auto problems, with more than 63 million vehicles recalled. 
Two of the defects that have spurred 
recent auto recalls—the faulty General Motors ignition switch and the defec-tive airbag inflators from Takata—are responsible for numerous unnecessary deaths and injuries—at least 8 reported deaths in the case of Takata and more than 100 deaths in the case of General Motors. Indications point to the Takata recalls as being among the largest and most complex set of auto- related recalls in our Nation’s history, with more than 30 million cars af-fected. 
Given the seriousness of these re-
calls, when it came time to draft the highway bill, one of our priorities at the Commerce Committee was address-ing auto safety issues and promoting greater consumer awareness and cor-porate responsibility. 
The conference report includes our 
committee’s work to triple the civil penalties that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration can im-pose on automakers for a series of re-lated safety violations—from a cap of $35 million to a cap of $105 million— which should provide a much stronger deterrent against auto safety viola-tions like those that occurred in the case of the faulty ignition switches at General Motors. 
I am also pleased that the conference 
report includes the Motor Vehicle Whistleblower Safety Act, which I in-troduced with Ranking Member N
EL-
SON and others to incentivize auto 
companies to adopt internal reporting systems and establish a system to re-ward employees who ‘‘blow the whis-tle’’ when manufacturers sit on impor-tant safety information. The con-ference report also improves notifica-tion methods to ensure that consumers are made aware of open recalls. 
The new notification requirements 
include a provision incentivizing deal-ers to inform consumers of open recalls when they bring in their cars for rou-tine maintenance, as well as a grant program to allow States to notify con-sumers of recalls when they register their vehicles. 
Our committee also worked with the 
House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee during the conference process to incorporate a modified provision from my Democrat colleague, the senior Senator from Missouri, which will pre-vent rental car companies from renting unrepaired cars that are subject to a recall. In the wake of the recall over the GM 
ignition switch defect, the inspector general at the Department of Transpor-tation published a scathing report identifying serious lapses at the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration—or NHTSA—the government agency responsible for overseeing safe-ty in our Nation’s cars and trucks. 
The concerns raised included ques-
tions about the agency’s ability to properly identify and investigate safe-ty problems—a concern that is further underscored by the circumstances sur-rounding the Takata recalls. 
In addition to targeting violations by 
automakers, our portion of the high-way bill also addresses the lapses at NHTSA identified in the inspector gen-eral’s report. While the conference re-port does increase funding for NHTSA’s Office of Defects Investigation, that will only happen contingent on the agency’s implementation of reforms called for by the inspector general, en-suring that this agency will be in a bet-ter position to address vehicle safety problems in the future. 
Combating impaired driving is also a 
priority. I am pleased to announce that the conference report creates a grant for States that provide 24/7 sobriety programs. I have been a long-time champion of these programs, which have been very effective in States, like my home State of South Dakota, where it originated. 
This provision is intended to allow 
States to certify the general practice on minimum penalties which can meet the definition under the repeat offender law, and we expect that NHTSA should reasonably defer to a State’s analysis underpinning such a certification. 
Another significant portion of the 
final conference report is made up of a bipartisan rail safety bill put together by the Republican junior Senator from Mississippi and the Democrat junior Senator from New Jersey that we merged in conference with the pas-senger rail bill that the House passed earlier this year. 
The resulting passenger rail title in-
cludes a 5-year reauthorization of Am-trak that includes a host of safety pro-visions that our committee adopted following the tragic train derailment in Philadelphia. I know a number of my colleagues are very pleased with various provisions that will strengthen our Nation’s rail infrastructure and smooth the way for the implementa-tion of new safety technologies. 
Our transportation infrastructure 
keeps our economy—and our Nation— going. Our Nation’s farmers depend on our rail system to move their crops to market. Manufacturers rely on our Interstate Highway System to dis-tribute their goods to stores across the United States. 
And all of us depend on our Nation’s 
roads and bridges to get around every day. 
For too long, transportation has been 
the subject of short-term legislation that leaves those responsible for build-ing and maintaining our Nation’s 
transportation system without the cer-tainty and predictability they need to keep our roads and highways thriving. 
I am proud of the final conference re-
port that passed the House earlier today by a strong vote of 359–65. I urge my colleagues to join in passing this long-overdue bill so it can be signed into law by the President without fur-ther delay. 
I ask unanimous consent that a sum-
mary of the Commerce Committee’s re-lated provision be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
COMMERCE COMMITTEE PROVISIONS IN FIVE- 
YEARSURFACE TRANSPORTATION BILL 
Below is an extended summary of key pro-
visions in the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee’s titles in the 
five-year surface transportation bill: 
IMPROVED PROJECT DELIVERY AND DEPART -
MENT OF TRANSPORTATION (DOT) MANAGE -
MENT  
Project Streamlining— Provides additional 
authority to streamline project delivery and consolidate burdensome permitting regula-tions (similar to the administration’s GROW AMERICA proposal). 
IMPROVING HIGHWAY SAFETY  
Keeps Drug Users Off the Roads— Allows for 
more effective drug testing for commercial truck drivers. Also increases federal coopera-tion with state efforts to combat drug im-paired driving and directs a study on the fea-sibility of an impairment standard for driv-ing under the influence of marijuana. 
Prohibits Rental of Vehicles Under Recall— 
Prohibits covered rental companies from renting or selling an unrepaired vehicle under recall. Based upon the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015 (S. 1173). 
Incentivizes Crash Avoidance Technology— 
Adds that crash avoidance information be in-dicated on new car stickers to inform vehicle purchasing decisions and foster competition in the marketplace. 
Tire Pressure Monitoring— Requires the Na-
tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion (NHTSA) to update the rule governing tire pressure monitoring technologies; modi-fied in conference to avoid unintended con-sequences and clarify that the rule should not be technology specific. 
Improves Information on Safety of Child Re-
straint Systems— Improves crash data collec-
tion to include child restraint systems. 
IMPROVES VEHICLE RECALL NOTIFICATION  
Improves Consumer Awareness of Recalls— 
Requires NHTSA to improve the safercar.gov website and the consumer complaint filing process. Provides a study on the techno-logical feasibility of direct vehicle notifica-tion of recalls. Also requires manufacturers to identify and include applicable part num-bers when notifying NHTSA of safety de-fects, making this information publicly available. 
Incentivizes Dealers to Notify Consumers of 
Open Recalls— Incentivizes auto dealers to in-
form consumers of open recalls at service ap-pointments. 
Creates Program for States to Notify Con-
sumers of Recalls— Creates a state pilot grant 
to inform consumers of open recalls at the time of vehicle registration. 
Improves Tire Recall Efforts— Increases the 
time tire owners and purchasers have to seek a remedy for tire recalls at no cost to con-sumers. Creates a publicly available data-base of tire recall information. Also includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.085 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8360 December 3, 2015 
a provision adopted in conference to direct 
NHTSA to study the feasibility of requiring electronic identification on tires in order to facilitate registration and ease the burden on small businesses. 
FREIGHT  
Develops a National Freight Strategy and 
Strategic Plan— Sets goals to enhance U.S. 
economic competitiveness by improving freight transportation networks that serve our agriculture, retail, manufacturing, and energy sectors. Focuses freight planning ef-forts in the Office of the Secretary with the Undersecretary for Policy to provide multimodal coordination. 
Requires Additional Freight Data— Estab-
lishes a working group and an annual report-ing requirement to collect additional freight data to help improve the movement of freight throughout the country. 
Improves Freight Planning— Improves 
freight planning efforts to ensure that freight planning is multimodal and addresses the links between highways, railroads, ports, airports, and pipelines. 
FLEXIBILITY FOR STATES  
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration 
(FMCSA) Grant Consolidation— Consolidates 
state trucking enforcement grants to provide additional flexibility to states to administer enforcement programs. 
NHTSA Grant Flexibility— Increases empha-
sis on ‘‘Section 402’’ highway safety grants to address each state’s unique highway safe-ty challenges. Also increases opportunities for states to obtain grants for implementing graduated drivers licensing, distracted driv-ing laws and impaired driving. Creates a new non-motorized grant to create programs to enhance safety for pedestrians and bicyclists. 
REGULATORY REFORM & TRANSPARENCY  
Petitions— Requires FMCSA to respond to 
stakeholder petitions for review of regula-tions or new rulemakings. 
Transparency— Requires FMCSA to main-
tain updated records relating to regulatory guidance, and provides for regular review to ensure consistency and enforceability. 
NHTSA OVERSIGHT & VEHICLE SAFETY  
ENFORCEMENT  
Vehicle Safety Enforcement— Triples pen-
alties for auto safety violations per incident and triples the overall penalty cap to $105 million, provided that NHTSA conducts a previously-required rulemaking on penalty assessment factors. 
Whistleblower Incentives— Incentivizes auto 
employees to come forward with information about safety violations by authorizing the Secretary to award a percentage of certain collected sanctions to whistleblowers. Based upon the bipartisan Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act, which passed the Senate by voice vote in April (S. 304). 
Increases Funding for Vehicle Safety— Fol-
lowing the record number of auto recalls in 2014, the bill authorizes additional funding increases to GROW AMERICA levels for ve-hicle safety efforts, but only if the DOT Sec-retary certifies that certain reforms have been implemented following the scathing in-spector general (IG) audit of NHTSA fol-lowing the GM ignition switch defect. 
Increases Corporate Responsibility— Requires 
rules on corporate responsibility for reports to NHTSA and updates recall obligations under bankruptcy; increases the retention period during which manufacturers must maintain safety records and expands the time frame for remedying defects at no cost to consumers. 
Provides Increased Oversight of NHTSA— Re-
quires DOT IG and NHTSA to provide up-dates on progress to implement IG rec-ommendations to improve defect identifica-tion, requires an annual agenda, clarifies the 
limits of agency guidelines, and directs IG and Government Accountability Office GAO audits of NHTSA’s management of vehicle safety recalls, public awareness of recall in-formation, and NHTSA’s research efforts. 
CONSUMER PRIVACY  
Driver Privacy— Makes clear that the owner 
of a vehicle is the owner of any information collected by an event data recorder. Based on the bipartisan Driver Privacy Act, which the Committee approved in March (S. 766). 
TRUCKING REFORMS & IMPROVEMENTS  
CSA Reform— Addresses shortcomings in 
the Compliance, Safety, and Accountability (CSA) program following concerns raised by the DOT IG, the GAO, and a DOT internal re-view team about the reliance on flawed anal-ysis in the scores used to evaluate freight companies, while maintaining public infor-mation on enforcement data and consumer information on the scores of intercity buses. 
Beyond Compliance— Establishes new incen-
tives for trucking companies to adopt inno-vative safety technology and practices. 
Commercial Driver Opportunities for Vet-
erans— Establishes a pilot program to address 
the driver shortage by allowing qualified current or former members of the armed forces, who are between 18 and 21 years old, to operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate commerce. Currently, 48 states allow 18–21 year olds to drive intrastate on county, state, and Interstate highways. 
RAIL 
Passenger Rail Reform— Reauthorizes Am-
trak services through 2020, empowers states, improves planning, and better leverages pri-vate sector resources. It also creates a work-ing group and rail restoration program to ex-plore options for resuming service discon-tinued after Hurricane Katrina. Many of these provisions are based on the bipartisan Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act (S. 1626), which passed the Com-merce Committee by voice vote in June. 
Railroad Loan Financing Reform— Reforms 
the existing $35 billion Railroad Rehabilita-tion and Improvement Financing Program to increase transparency and flexibility, expand access for limited option freight rail ship-pers, and provide tools to reduce taxpayer risks. 
Rail Infrastructure Improvements— Improves 
rail infrastructure and safety by consoli-dating rail grant programs, cutting red tape and dedicating resources for best use. It also establishes a Federal-State partnership to bring passenger rail assets into a state of good repair. 
Expedites Rail Projects— Accelerates the de-
livery of rail projects by significantly re-forming environmental and historic preser-vation review processes, applying existing exemptions already used for highways to make critical rail investments go further. 
Dedicated Funding for Positive Train Control 
(PTC)— Establishes a new limited authoriza-
tion with guaranteed funding for the Sec-retary of Transportation to provide com-muter railroads and States with grants and/ or loans that can leverage approximately $2+ billion in financing for PTC implementation. 
Testing of Electronically-Controlled Pneu-
matic (ECP) Brakes— Preserves the DOT’s 
final rule requiring ECP brakes on certain trains by 2021 and 2023, while requiring an independent evaluation and real-world de-railment test. It requires DOT to re-evaluate its final rule within the next two years using the results of the evaluation and testing. 
Liability Cap— Increases the passenger rail 
liability cap to $295 million (adjusting the current $200 million cap for inflation), ap-plies the increase to the Amtrak accident in Philadelphia on May 12, 2015, and adjusts the cap for inflation every five years going for-
ward. 
Cameras on Passenger Trains— Requires all 
passenger railroads to install inward-facing cameras to better monitor train crews and assist in accident investigations, and out-ward-facing cameras to better monitor track conditions, fulfilling a long-standing rec-ommendation from the National Transpor-tation Safety Board. 
Thermal Blankets on Tank Cars Carrying 
Flammable Liquids— Closes a potential loop-
hole in Department of Transportation regu-lations and reduces the risk of thermal tears, which is when a pool fire causes a tank car to rupture and potentially result in greater damage. 
Real-Time Emergency Response Information— 
Improves emergency response by requiring railroads to provide accurate, real-time, and electronic train consist information (e.g., the location of hazardous materials on a train) to first responders on the scene of an accident. 
Grade Crossing Safety— Increases safety at 
highway-rail crossings by requiring action plans to improve engineering, education, and 
enforcement, evaluating the use of loco-motive horns and quiet zones, and examining methods to address blocked crossings. 
Passenger Rail Safety— Enhances passenger 
rail safety by requiring speed limit action plans, redundant signal protection, alerters, and other measures to reduce the risk of overspeed derailments and worker fatalities. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I would 
also like to conclude by underscoring my appreciation regarding the collabo-rative work with my friend from Flor-ida, Senator B
ILL NELSON , ranking 
member of the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, and his Committee staff. 
I would also like to thank the fol-
lowing Senate colleagues and staff: Leader M
CCONNELL ; Senator I NHOFE ; 
Senator B OXER ; Senator H ATCH ; Sen-
ator C ORNYN ; Senator F ISCHER , who 
chairs the Surface Transportation sub-committee and who also served on the conference committee; Neil Chatterjee, Hazen Marshall, Scott Raab, Sharon Soderstrom, and Jonathan Burks in Leader M
CCONNELL ’s office for helping 
to guide this bill through the Senate and ultimately through conference with the House; Dave Schwietert; Nick Rossi; Rebecca Seidel; Adrian Arnakis; Allison Cullen; Patrick Fuchs; Cheri Pascoe; Peter Feldman; Katherine White; Robert Donnell; Andrew Timm; Ross Dietrich; Jessica McBride; Paul Poteet; Jane Lucas; Frederick Hill; and Lauren Hammond. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, 
Vermonters take great pride in our his-toric downtowns and small commu-nities. In our cities and towns, we have a culture of getting things done—and finding a way to accomplish our shared goals. That is why, like many Vermonters, I have been frustrated with the back-to-back short-term patches to keep our highway trust fund afloat. I have consistently advocated for a long-term solution that will give States the ability to move forward with building and repairing roads, bridges, and byways; to promote rail safety and transit and to invest in the critical infrastructure that supports our cities and towns; to enable inter-state and intrastate commerce; and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.068 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8361 December 3, 2015 
create jobs for American workers. The 
time to pass a plan for long-term trans-portation funding has finally come. 
The FAST Act will bring stability 
where, for too long, there has been un-certainty. This bill ensures that Vermont will receive the funding it needs, more than $1.1 billion over the next 5 years, to allow Vermonters to move forward on infrastructure projects that have been waiting in the wings. In Vermont, the construction season is short and the need is great, and a series of stopgap measures to kick the can down the road was never the right answer. I am pleased there will finally be the stability needed for Vermont and all States to move for-ward to bolster our country’s infra-structure. 
This legislation also reverses changes 
made to the Federal Crop Insurance program, which was a careful balance first struck in the farm bill, sending a clear message that we should not thoughtlessly tamper with the farm bill until its next expiration in 2018. And while I am glad that the harmful Freedom of Information Act exemp-tions that we eliminated in the Senate bill remain out of this conference re-port, I am concerned that a new exemp-tion was added. Nowhere is the free flow of information more important than when the safety of every Vermonter and every American is at stake. 
We Vermonters know that, in a de-
mocracy, demanding 100 percent of what you want and refusing to nego-tiate effective compromise is a formula for stalemate and paralysis. As a re-sult, Vermonters know that to actually get something done, compromise is a must, and we have advanced the ball a long way down the field. This legisla-tion provides stability to move our in-frastructure forward to support our economy. It supports safety provisions to protect the well-being of those trav-eling America’s highways and rails. 
Frankly, to facilitate the thriving 
communities, commerce, and economic growth that we want and need, we should be doing far more to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. This process should not be reduced to ‘‘searching under sofa cushions’’—as some have de-scribed it—to scrape together the budg-et to pay for the vital roads and bridges that are so important to us in so many ways. But with this bill, we fi-nally are providing our States and communities with longer lead times to plan and accomplish this work on our infrastructure, and that signals at least a flicker of progress. We have had enough kicking the can down the road and generating year after year of un-certainty. It is time to bring stability and certainty back to our infrastruc-ture and transportation. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I intend to 
support the surface transportation bill before us. It has been more than a dec-ade since we have had a true multi- year transportation bill. And while this bill gives State transportation and transit agencies funding certainty for 
the next 5 years, it is not all that it could or should have been. 
I worked hard to retain the transit 
density formula, which the House had tried to eliminate. If the House had prevailed, the Rhode Island Public Transit Authority, RIPTA, would have lost upwards of $8.5 million of its Fed-eral allocation each year—about one- third of its yearly Federal funding. The loss of funding would have been dev-astating to RIPTA and to the thou-sands of Rhode Islanders who rely on bus service to get to work, to the store, and to medical appointments. Nonethe-less, the funding increase provided under this part of the formula is dis-appointingly low in comparison to the increase provided to rural and growing States, as well as to States that have established fixed guideway systems. 
I am also pleased that the bill ad-
dresses some key priorities for transit workers, including mandating new rules to protect drivers from violent assaults, as well as dedicating funding to frontline workforce training. And overall, the bill continues critical worker protections, particularly under the Davis-Bacon Act. 
On the highway side of the ledger, 
the bill includes a vital increase in for-mula funding that will give the Rhode Island Department of Transportation a baseline from which it can begin to ad-dress the high percentage of struc-turally deficient and functionally obso-lete bridges in the State, as well as the high percentage of roads with unac-ceptable pavement conditions. 
In addition, both the transit and 
highway titles of the bill each have new competitive programs, including the restoration of a competitive bus and bus facility program for transit agencies and the establishment of a grant program for nationally signifi-cant freight and highway projects, those that typically exceed $100 mil-lion. 
The bill also includes other impor-
tant matters, including a long overdue reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank, which has essentially been shut-tered since July due to opposition to an extension by some on the other side of the aisle. 
On the other hand, there are provi-
sions in the bill that are concerning, beginning with how it is paid for. Rath-er than relying on the gas tax or an-other predicable and related funding source, the bill is built on a hodge- podge of offsets like outsourcing tax collection to private debt collectors, which has been tried before and wound up costing revenue rather than gener-ating it. It also calls for selling off por-tions of the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve under the assumption that oil prices will increase, and it taps into funds held by the Federal Reserve— something current and former Fed offi-cials have cautioned against. 
In addition, the bill has a number of 
extraneous provisions, including a measure that preempts a State’s abil-ity to regulate Small Business Invest-
ment Companies, SBICs, and allows certain fund advisers with significant assets under management to escape Se-curities and Exchange Commission, SEC, registration altogether. In the wake of the financial crisis, it remains unclear to me why we would be so hasty to weaken investor protections. The bill also restores a wasteful agri-cultural subsidy that I have long fought against and that was just cut under the bipartisan budget agreement last month. 
That leads me to a larger point con-
cerning the double standard that is being applied to important legislation that invests in our people, our econ-omy, and our national defense on the one side and to special interest bene-fits, primarily offered under the Tax Code, on the other. For years, Congress has tied itself in knots to develop off-sets to buy down the sequester, to re-duce student loan interest rates, to cover emergency unemployment assist-ance, and to pay for infrastructure in-vestments like this surface transpor-tation bill; yet without a second thought, deficit ‘‘hawks’’ in the major-ity shrug off billions of dollars in tax cuts and tax extenders with little re-gard for the cost. Both types of expend-itures have an impact on the debt and deficit. We should be honest about it and account for both in the same way. 
Despite these concerns, I believe that 
after years of work and waiting, we should adopt this bill so that transpor-tation agencies can move forward with their plans with the confidence that Federal funding will be there. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, Amer-
ica’s infrastructure was once the envy of the world. But for decades, we haven’t maintained these public works. 
The quality of U.S. infrastructure 
now ranks just 16th in the world, ac-cording to the World Economic Forum. 
The dismal state of our outdated 
roads, bridges, and railways is costing Ohioans valuable time, money, and en-ergy. 
To create jobs and keep America on 
top of the global economy, Congress must pass a long-term bill that invests in a world-class infrastructure. 
The bill that the Senate will soon 
consider does not contain the robust investment that the President and most experts think we need, but it does make progress over the next 5 years. 
In Ohio, a quarter of our bridges are 
‘‘structurally deficient’’ or ‘‘function-ally obsolete.’’ Forty-five percent of our State’s major urban highways are congested, costing our drivers $3.6 bil-lion a year in additional repairs and operating costs. 
During the negotiations on this legis-
lation, I fought to include provisions important to Ohio, and we have made progress on my State’s top priorities. 
The bill would create a new competi-
tive grant program to fund job-creating projects of regional and national sig-nificance, like the replacement of the Brent Spence Bridge between Cin-cinnati and Kentucky. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.059 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8362 December 3, 2015 
Each year, 4 percent of America’s 
GDP crosses the Brent Spence, which was built more than half a century ago. 
Replacing this bridge isn’t just a top 
priority for the region’s business com-munity—it is a safety issue for the hundreds of thousands of cars that drive over it every week. 
The bridge would be eligible for funds 
from the $800 million per year pot of funding, which would grow to $1 billion annually in fiscal year 2020. It is a big win for the Brent Spence project and Ohio jobs. 
The legislation would also boost 
funding for Ohio’s highway and transit programs. 
Nationwide, overall highway spend-
ing would increase by 15 percent com-pared to current law, and annual tran-sit spending would grow 18 percent. 
By 2020, that growth will deliver 
more than $200 million of new highway investment to Ohio each year. 
In addition to repairing roads, the 
bill will help Ohio’s many transit agen-cies, providing up to $20 million of new funds each year. In Cleveland, Cin-cinnati, and Columbus, our transit sys-tems carry more than 250,000 pas-sengers every day. 
The bill also provides up to $340 mil-
lion annually for a new competitive bus program I championed. This was a top priority for Ohio’s transit pro-viders, and I am pleased they will have a much-needed source of funding for bus replacement. 
And as a long-time supporter of Buy 
America, I am pleased that the legisla-tion would increase the amount of American-made steel and other compo-nents that will go into buses and sub-way cars. 
The bill also would finally reauthor-
ize the Export-Import Bank, which is critical to helping Ohio companies cre-ate jobs and sell their products around the world. 
After some on the far right allowed 
the Ex-Im Bank to expire in June—for the first time in the Bank’s history— we heard stories of lost contracts, risks to future export business, and manu-facturing jobs moving out of the United States to Canada and Europe. 
This is about ensuring that U.S. man-
ufacturers can be competitive in a global marketplace. 
While we argued about funding U.S. 
infrastructure and allowed the Ex-Im Bank to expire, China announced that its export-import bank will provide a $78 billion credit line to China Railway Corp to support its infrastructure projects at home and abroad. 
With countries like Brazil and China 
investing in 21st century transpor-tation systems, we cannot let the U.S. fall behind. 
This is no way to run a global eco-
nomic power. 
In addition to renewing Ex-Im, the 
Transportation bill also contains im-portant provisions for community banks and credit unions. 
It includes changes to the bank exam 
cycle for small banks, a bill that Sen-ators D
ONNELLY and T OOMEY intro-
duced. 
It streamlines privacy notices for fi-
nancial institutions—a bill that Sen-ator M
ORAN and I introduced last Con-
gress and that had the support of 97 other senators and which Senators H
EITKAMP and M ORAN reintroduced this 
year. 
The bill also allows privately insured 
credit unions to become members of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, a proposal I introduced last Congress and Senators D
ONNELLY and P ORTMAN  
spearheaded this Congress. 
Since May, Senate Democrats have 
been pushing for a package of modest, bipartisan proposals like these to help community banks and credit unions. We have resisted efforts to rollback im-portant Wall Street reforms. 
The House agreed with this approach, 
and that is why these provisions were added to the Transportation bill. 
So when you hear that we need to at-
tach ‘‘community bank regulatory re-lief’’ to must-pass appropriations legis-lation, don’t believe it. 
Relief for small banks and credit 
unions is already in the Transportation bill. 
Let me be clear: I will not support 
riders to undermine Wall Street re-forms in legislation to fund the govern-ment. 
Like any bill of this significance, the 
long-term transportation measure isn’t perfect. I have strong concerns with the process that led to this agreement and with some of the proposals used to pay for it. 
I think it was a mistake to tap Fed-
eral resources that have nothing to do with transportation to cover the bill’s cost. 
Under this bill, we are funding high-
ways in part by taking money from banks and the Federal Reserve. It is a bad precedent. 
We made real improvements to the 
bill’s language on the use of the Fed-eral Reserve Banks surplus fund and to the rate of the dividend paid to banks over $10 billion. But these pay-fors are not a sustainable way to fund transpor-tation projects. 
Instead of this shortsighted approach 
that just delays the problem, Congress should be looking for a long-term solu-tion to replenish the highway trust fund. 
I will support this bill because it is 
the best option we have right now to keep America on top of the global economy and provide the investment that Ohio needs. But I hope that Con-gress won’t lose sight of the need to identify long-term, robust investment in world-class infrastructure. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, Sen-
ator B
OXER deserves tremendous credit 
for negotiating a long-term funding bill for our crumbling roads and bridges. The Fixing America’s Surface Transportation, FAST, Act is an im-portant turning point in addressing our Nation’s infrastructure needs, and the bill will create quality jobs and stimu-late economic growth. The FAST Act 
ends years of short-term congressional extensions and legislative gridlock that prevented our country from mak-ing critical investments in our roads, bridges, and mass transit. 
The bill reauthorizes Amtrak and 
provides vital funding for positive train control technology and hazmat train-ing programs. This 5-year reauthoriza-tion will allow our States and commu-nities to finally plan for the future and address long-overdue maintenance backlogs. Additionally, the FAST Act takes important steps towards address-ing the growing problem of violence against our transit operators. These hard-working men and women deserve a safe working environment, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to make sure we do everything we can to achieve that. 
However, I must oppose the bill be-
cause Republicans have used this strong bill as a vehicle to roll back rules that protect consumers and our financial system. 
This is the third time in the last year 
that Republicans have used this hos-tage-taking approach. Last December, Republicans used the government fund-ing bill as a vehicle for a provision written by Citigroup lobbyists that would repeal a critical anti-bailout rule in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act. Weeks later, Republicans used a broad-ly popular, bipartisan bill extending the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act to jam through another provision that weakened Dodd-Frank’s rules on risky derivatives trading. And now, in the FAST Act, Republicans have handed out more than a dozen goodies to finan-cial institutions, including a require-ment that does little but bog down the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with needless paperwork and adminis-trative tasks. 
If Democrats continue to support 
bills that include these kinds of rollbacks, it will simply encourage Re-publicans to use other must-pass bills to repeal or weaken even larger por-tions of Dodd-Frank and our other fi-nancial rules. That is why I must op-pose this bill—and why I hope the American people weigh in with their representatives against this kind of cynical hostage-taking. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a joint statement by the 
chair and ranking member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Representative S
HUSTER  
and Representative D EFAZIO, and the 
chair and ranking member of the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works, myself and Senator B
OXER , to clarify an issue with the 
Joint Explanatory Statement of the committee on conference for H.R. 22. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.065 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8363 December 3, 2015 
JOINT STATEMENT OF THEHONORABLE BILL 
SHUSTER , THEHONORABLE PETER A. D EFA-
ZIO, AND THEHONORABLE JAMES INHOFE , 
THEHONORABLE BARBARA BOXER ON THE  
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE  
COMMITTEE ON CONFERENCE H.R. 22, F IXING  
AMERICA ’SSURFACE TRANSPORTATION ACT 
December 3, 2015 
Title XLIII of the Joint Explanatory 
Statement provides a summary of section 43001 concerning requirements in agency rulemakings pursuant to this Act. Section 43001 of the House amendments to H.R. 22 was not agreed to in conference and does not appear in the conference report to accom-pany H.R. 22. The summary of section 43001 in the Joint Explanatory statement there-fore appears in error. Accordingly, title XLIII of the Joint Explanatory Statement has no effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I raise a 
point of order under rule XXVIII that section 32205 exceeds the scope of con-ference for the conference report to ac-company H.R. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I move 
to waive the point of order raised under rule XXVIII that section 32205 of the conference report to accompany H.R. 22 exceeds the scope of conference. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
waiver is debatable. 
The Senator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, if I 
could just be heard for 30 seconds or less. Please, please don’t alter this, be-cause if this passes and we don’t waive the point of order, this bill is gone. The House bill didn’t even have an exten-sion. So if this bill goes down, we have no highway system. 
Please vote with Senator I
NHOFE and 
myself. It is urgent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, both 
sides have agreed to have 5 minutes equally divided. 
How much time did the Senator from 
California take? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California used 30 seconds. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I recog-
nize Senator R
OBERTS for 45 seconds. 
The Senator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise 
to address the point of order raised against the highway bill. 
Among the many provisions of the 
bill, the legislation realizes a commit-ment made by House and Senate lead-ership to restore egregious, harmful, counterproductive, contract-breaking cuts to the Federal Crop Insurance Program. The commitment we reached with the House was to reverse these damaging cuts and policy changes in order to protect our producers. That is their No. 1 priority for risk manage-ment. 
The message from farm country 
couldn’t be more clear: Do not target crop insurance. The point of order would not only strip out much of the needed crop insurance fix, but it could also prevent the timely passage. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I recog-
nize the junior Senator from Arizona, Mr. F
LAKE , for such time as he wants 
to use of his 21⁄2minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. I thank the Senator. Mr. President, what we are doing is 
targeting a specific provision that was air dropped into the highway bill. This isn’t an attack on the highway bill. It is an attack on a provision that in-creases crop subsidies $3 billion over what is in the budget deal. 
We are often accused in this body of 
reversing cuts that we make before the ink is dry. In this case, we actually made a deal to reverse the cuts before the ink was even put to paper. 
Now, if we are ever going to get seri-
ous about controlling our deficit and addressing our debt, then we actually have to stick to some of the cuts that we have made. That is what this point of order is all about. 
I urge support of it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I recog-
nize the Senator from Michigan, Sen-ator S
TABENOW , for 15 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
rise to support the transportation bill and crop insurance. We made a deal with farmers when we gave up direct subsidies that, instead, we would ask them to have skin in the game and to have crop insurance to manage their risk. 
They have a 5-year bill that gives 
them certainty. We should not pull the rug out from under them at this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I recog-
nize the Senator from Kansas, Mr. M
ORAN , for 30 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I rise in 
opposition to the point of order and ask my colleagues to support the crop insurance program. In Kansas the weather is not always our friend. The most important farm program that farmers benefit from is the crop insur-ance program. 
We have eliminated other farm pro-
grams over a long period of time in the name of reform but have replaced them by crop insurance. Now crop insurance becomes the target. 
I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I recog-
nize the Senator from New Hampshire, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , for such time as she 
needs to use for her side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Thank you, Senator 
INHOFE . I will be brief. Mr. President, I think it is important 
to challenge the provision in this legis-lation. 
I support the highway bill. I think 
the negotiators did a great job to get us a 5-year bill, but the fact is this pro-vision was not included in either the House transportation or the Senate transportation bill. It is an indefen-sible reversal of the bipartisan budget bill that became law less than a month ago. It is a $3 billion giveaway to the insurance companies, and I think we need to challenge this kind of move when it gets dropped into a bill. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I would 
ask the Chair the time remaining for the proponents and opponents? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona has 1 minute re-maining, and the Senator from Okla-homa has 15 seconds. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I wish to 
end by saying this is not an attack on the highway bill. It has its own issues, but this provision simply attacks the subsidy—the $3 billion subsidy—that was added back in after we had agreed in a bipartisan way to these cuts. We cannot continue to go back on the cuts that we have made. In this case we didn’t even wait 1 month or 2 months. The agreement was made on this floor before the bill was even passed. We have to get away from that kind of practice. 
So I urge support for this point of 
order, and I yield back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me 
make sure everyone understands what we are doing here. The budget act of 2015 had major cuts in the Federal Crop Insurance Program. Some of those were restored in the highway bill. Now, if the highway bill is changed—if this should pass—it has to go back to the House, which means we could not have it this year. In other words, the issue here is not how you feel about crop in-surance; it is whether or not you want this bill. 
I would suggest to the 65 Members 
who are here today and who voted for the bill that it would be very difficult to explain how you could vote for the bill and then turn around and vote for the very order against it that would kill the bill for this year in 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mrs. BOXER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
Is all time yielded back? Mr. GRASSLEY. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.072 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8364 December 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 77, 
nays 22, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 330 Leg.] 
YEAS—77 
Alexander 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Markey McConnell Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Whitehouse 
Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—22 
Ayotte 
Booker Carper Coons Corker Durbin Flake Gillibrand Lee 
Manchin McCain McCaskill Menendez Perdue Reed Reid Schumer 
Sessions Shaheen Toomey Warner Warren 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 77, the nays are 22. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The question occurs on the adoption 
of the conference report to accompany H.R. 22. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The Senator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Thank you, everybody. 
I love everyone tonight. We are going to have a great vote. But go. Go. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 83, 
nays 16, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 331 Leg.] 
YEAS—83 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer 
Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran 
Collins Coons Cornyn Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar 
Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts 
Rounds Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—16 
Carper 
Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Flake Lankford 
Lee Paul Perdue Risch Rubio Sasse 
Scott Shelby Warren 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 60- 
vote threshold having been achieved, the conference report to accompany H.R. 22 is agreed to. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to take a few moments to con-gratulate the chairman of our environ-ment committee, Senator I
NHOFE , and 
his ranking member, Senator B OXER , 
for an extraordinary job. This has been a fascinating experience, particularly for Senator B
OXER and me. To say that 
our relationship got off to a rather rocky start is to put it mildly. We found ourselves 20-some odd years ago on the opposite side of a very conten-tious issue with a lot of—shall I say— rather feisty exchanges on the floor of the Senate. It is also pretty obvious that we are not exactly philosophical soulmates. But I had heard Senator I
NHOFE say over the years how much he 
had enjoyed working with Senator B
OXER and that there were actually 
things they agreed upon. 
I made a mental note of that and 
wondered whether there might be some opportunity at some point down the way to team up with Senator B
OXER . 
That finally happened this year. As Senator I
NHOFE and Senator B OXER  
would certainly underscore, we had challenges. We had the complexity on our side of the Ex-Im Bank issue, which created some serious internal Republican problems. We had a flirta-tion among some Members on the other side that we could shoehorn a major territorial tax bill into this bill. Sen-ator B
OXER and I were skeptical about 
that from the beginning because it is an article of faith on our side that tax reform is not for the purpose of taking the money and spending it, but of tak-ing the money and buying down the rates. 
We had all kinds of odd potential al-
lowances that led to the floor debate last summer, for which we had an ad-ministration that was less than enthu-siastic with what Senator B
OXER and 
Senator I NHOFE and I were trying to do. 
Senate Democratic leadership hadn’t exactly bought in on it either. In the 
meantime, our good friends in the House on my side of the aisle were call-ing it the Boxer bill, which of course was really great for me to hear. 
We had all kinds of tripwires on the 
path to getting what we thought was important for the country, which was a multiyear highway bill, which—I be-lieve I am correct, Senator B
OXER —we 
haven’t done since 1998. 
Mrs. BOXER. Actually, 10 years. I am told it was 17 years since we had 
a bill of this size. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. It has been 17 
years since we had a bill of this dura-tion, which we all thought was impor-tant for the States and localities, for people who build and repair the roads to have some certainty. In the end, there wasn’t really a philosophical problem here. The question was, How can we pull together these disparate pieces into one mosaic that actually had a chance to get somewhere? 
I want to say to Senator B
OXER , in 
particular, that this has been one of the most exhilarating and satisfying experiences I have had in the time that I have been in the Senate. I never would have predicted 20-some-odd years ago that I would be having it with B
ARBARA BOXER . But this shows, 
in my opinion—I know Senator I NHOFE  
agrees—the Senate is at its best when people can identify common interests and work together to get a positive re-sult for the country. 
I want to say to both of these great 
colleagues how much I appreciate their extraordinary work, particularly Sen-ator B
OXER because we were such oppo-
sites in almost every way. What actual fun it was to get to know her better and to work on this together. She has a year left. Maybe we can find some-thing else. Congratulations to both of you on an extraordinary accomplish-ment for the American people. 
Mr. INHOFE. That is great, Mr. 
Leader. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. We have a lot of re-
quests for speakers to be heard. I am going to put myself at the end of the line so that everyone else can get in there first. The order is going to be Senator B
OXER , and I understand she 
might want to share a little time with the Senator from Florida. Then Sen-ator L
EEfrom Utah, Senator E NZIafter 
that, and then whoever else wants to talk. If nobody else wants to talk, then I will wind it up. 
Before I turn it over to Senator 
B
OXER , I am going to tell a story be-
cause I want to make sure that Sen-ator S
ULLIVAN doesn’t have to wait for 
2 hours to hear it. Ten years ago, in 2005, we had the last bill of this nature. It was a bill that we passed. I was an author of it, and I was very proud. That was 10 years ago. That was the last time we did a bill like this. I remember standing here, as I am standing today. The chairman of that committee want-ed to talk about what a great bill that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.070 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8365 December 3, 2015 
was—the Transportation reauthoriza-
tion bill—and all of a sudden the alarms went off. They said: The bombs are coming. Everybody run. Evacuate, evacuate. 
I wasn’t through talking. I talked for 
about 15 minutes. It is very eerie when you are standing here and are the only one in the U.S. Capitol making a speech with the TV going but no other people are around. I made my speech. Afterward I started going down, and I saw a great big guy walking down the steps very slowly. I went up to Ted Kennedy. I said: Ted, you better get out of here; this place is going to blow up. 
He said: Well, these old legs don’t 
work like they used to. 
I said: Let me help you. I put my arm around his waist. Some 
guy had a camera. The front page of the cover of that magazine said: Who says that conservatives are not com-passionate? 
That is my story. We will go on to 
Senator B
OXER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
completely neglected to mention an ex-traordinarily important player in all of this, and that is Neil Chatterjee of my staff, who befriended Senator B
OXER  
and Bettina before I realized that there might be a possibility that we could do something together. Neil has done an extraordinary job. I think I can safely say he enjoyed the confidence of both sides and allowed us to work together in a positive and constructive way. I want to thank Neil Chatterjee for the great job that he did as well. 
Mr. INHOFE. We certainly agree with 
that. 
Senator B
OXER . 
Mrs. BOXER. I am hardly ever at a 
loss for words, as you all know. I was so touched tonight. A terrible tragedy happened in my State yesterday. You all know about the emotions of that and then the emotions of this. I am going to set aside the emotions of the tragedy and talk to my friends here. 
What we did was the impossible 
dream. It was, in many ways, a very long and winding road to get to this night. People worked together who never thought they would find that common ground. We found it. The rea-son we found it is we were willing to set aside the misperceptions I think we had on so many fronts and recognized that our people needed this badly. 
As I often say, if you want to buy a 
house and you go to the bank and the bank says ‘‘Oh, you have great credit, but I can only give you a mortgage for 6 months,’’ you are not going to buy the house. You are not going to build a major road if you are worried about the funding. What we have done is extraor-dinary. For the first time in 17 years, we have a long bill. We have a bill that lasts 5 years. 
I have to say—and I did not think of 
it—I think the pay-for was brilliant, the major pay-for. There are others who don’t like it. Many people on my 
side said we should look at the gas tax. I looked at the gas tax. I agreed with the chamber of commerce on the gas tax, but I am only one of six people here who probably voted for it. 
When you come up against these bar-
riers, you need to be very creative. The international tax reform—Leader M
CCONNELL was never going to allow 
that. I got that message. I still encour-aged my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work on it, but it didn’t work out. What are we going to do? Just fold up our tent and say the general fund is going to pay for this? We don’t have enough in the general fund. We have deficits. We all know that. 
What I want to say is that with 60,000 
bridges in disrepair—falling down, structurally deficient—and 50 percent of our roads in disrepair, we have a lot of work to do. This gives our States the certainty. 
The relationships that developed be-
tween the staffs—I am going to with-hold my comments on that until later. When everybody finishes, I am going to be here because I am going to mention every single name on both sides. I can’t thank you enough. They didn’t sleep during the Thanksgiving break. They worked constantly. 
Let’s face it, this bill was the ‘‘Perils 
of Pauline.’’ Even last night my senior leader asked me to do something I could never do in a million years on this bill. I must have turned so pale that I almost fainted. Bettina almost had a heart attack on the spot because we thought that maybe we would not have this bill. But he knows me well enough to know what I can do, and that makes for a great working rela-tionship. 
I will talk about the details of the 
bill later. Basically, it is a 5-year bill. Over the period, it is a 20-percent in-crease, which is huge for our States. It is roads. It is transit. There are new programs, freight programs that Sen-ator I
NHOFE and M ARIA CANTWELL  
worked on. Ex-Im is in there. I know it is controversial for some, but for our small businesses it is great. 
I predict that this bill is going to 
give the economy a real boost—I really mean it—because of the certainty it is bringing and because of the fact that millions of jobs will be created. That always boosts us. It helps with our deficits. 
I will yield the remainder of my 
time—just 2 minutes—to Senator N
EL-
SON, with the deepest thanks to Sen-
ator M CCONNELL ; Senator I NHOFE ; Sen-
ator T HUNE ; Senator N ELSON , who is 
just a hero; Senator B ROWN ; all of the 
members of the conference committee who signed the conference report. 
I yield this time to Senator N
ELSON , 
and then we will go back to Senator I
NHOFE . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator for yielding, Mr. President. I am going to say two short para-graphs, but first, my commendations 
to the leadership that has already been mentioned by the esteemed majority leader; my commendations to my col-league, our chairman on the commerce committee, Senator T
HUNE , who has 
been a pleasure to work with; and my thanks to the staff, including Kim Lipsky, the staff director for our mi-nority staff on the commerce com-mittee. 
I want to echo what you have said. 
Because of this bill, we are going to provide States and communities with over $300 billion over 5 years to repair the roads and bridges of this country 
and greatly improve rail and port projects, and as a result, we are going to create jobs. In my State of Florida, this translates to $12 million that can be used for improvements on Interstate 95, Interstate 75, and projects, such as SunRail, Tri-rail, and the streetcars in Fort Lauderdale. This is just a small example, and I am so grateful to every-one. I thank everyone very much. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we will 
go forward with the previous agree-ment and hear from the Senator from Utah, Mr. L
EE, followed by Senator 
ENZIfrom Wyoming. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise in op-
position to the highway spending bill before us today—and not just the failed substance of the legislation. I rise to oppose the bill’s irresponsible and unsustainable funding mechanisms and the cynical process that produced it. 
We are told this bill fully funds Fed-
eral highway spending for the next 5 years and that it won’t add a single dime to the Federal deficit. The math may add up on paper, but does anyone really think the pay-fors in this bill are honest, responsible ways to fund a government program? 
Let’s look at a few examples. Of the 
$70 billion this bill uses to bailout the highway trust fund over the next 5 years, more than $50 billion comes from an accounting gimmick that steals money from the rest of the Treasury’s general fund. 
Here is how the shell game works. 
Normally, the Federal Reserve sends the profits from its portfolio assets di-rectly to the U.S. Treasury. These sur-plus profits are actually one of the major reasons our Federal budget defi-cits have fallen in recent years below where they were a short time ago. However, this bill would siphon off that money and redirect it into the highway trust fund. 
Just today, Federal Reserve Chair 
Janet Yellen testified before the Joint Economic Committee, where she com-mented on this particular provision— on this particular aspect of this bill. 
She said: 
This concerns me, I think financing federal 
fiscal spending by tapping resources at the Federal Reserve sets bad precedent and im-pinges on the independence of the central 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.092 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8366 December 3, 2015 
bank; it weakens fiscal discipline, and I 
would point out that repurposing the Federal Reserve’s capital surplus doesn’t actually create any new money for the federal govern-ment. 
That is not the only funding gim-
mick found in this legislation. It also purports to raise $6.2 billion in revenue for transportation and infrastructure projects by selling oil from the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve. 
Let’s leave aside for a second that 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve was never intended to be a piggy bank for congressional appropriators. What makes this pay-for particularly objec-tionable is that its authors assume they can get $93 for a barrel of oil when it is currently selling for less than $40 per barrel. Only in Washington could we come to love a provision like this. Only in Washington could we come to accept a provision like this as somehow acceptable. If we are going to start selling Federal assets at fantasy prices—prices that do not exist and will not exist in any universe for the foreseeable future—there is absolutely no limit whatsoever to the number of things that we can pretend to pay for. But that is what we will be doing—pre-tending to pay. 
As bad as this bill’s funding schemes 
are, the cynical process used to secure votes in its favor might well be far more troubling. For instance, this bill adds back $3.5 billion in crop subsidy spending that we just cut last month in the budget deal. 
Is this really how we do business in 
the Senate? We reduce spending one month in order to appear fiscally re-sponsible only to reverse course the very next month when we think no one is looking? You don’t need to oppose crop subsidies to see the dishonesty and cynicism of this particular maneu-ver. 
Even worse, this bill would never 
have had a chance of passing the Sen-ate were it not for a deal to include the renewal of the Export-Import Bank as part of this legislation. I have spoken out against the Export-Import Bank many times before, so there is little need to revisit the mountain of evi-dence proving that it is one of the most egregious, indefensible cases of crony capitalism in Washington, DC. But it is worth highlighting some of the so- called reforms that Ex-Im supporters included in the bill. 
First, there is the new Office of Eth-
ics created within the Export-Import Bank. Presumably, this is supposed to help the Bank’s management reduce the rate at which Ex-Im employees and beneficiaries are indicted for fraud, bribery, and other wrongdoing. Since 2009, there have been 85 such indict-ments, or about 14 per year. 
The bill also creates a new position 
called the Chief Risk Officer and re-quires the Bank to go through an inde-pendent audit of its portfolio. Only in Washington will you find people who believe that an organization’s systemic ethical failings can somehow be over-come by creating a new ethics bureauc-
racy or that hiring a new risk manage-ment bureaucrat is a suitable replace-ment for market discipline or that giv-ing another multimillion-dollar con-tract to a well-connected accounting firm will somehow substitute for real, actual political accountability. 
None of these bogus reforms will 
make an ounce of difference. None of them will change the essential purpose of the Export-Import Bank, which is to use taxpayer money to subsidize wealthy, politically connected busi-nesses. 
Finally, it must be stressed that this 
bill does nothing to fix our fundamen-tally broken highway financing sys-tem. After this legislation is enacted, the highway trust fund will spend more money than the Federal gasoline tax brings in. And after this series of fraud-ulent pay-fors are exhausted in just 5 years, we will be right back to where we have been for the last decade, and that is trying to find enough money for another bailout without attracting too much attention from the American people. 
Let’s not forget that the States are 
big losers under the status quo system too—under the current system that we have. Federal bureaucrats divert at least 25 percent of State gasoline dol-lars to nonhighway projects, including mass transit, bike paths, and other boondoggles such as vegetation man-agement, whatever that is. 
Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield? 
I have a favor to ask. I will give the Senator from Utah all the time in the world, but he originally asked to speak for 5 minutes. I plan to respond to the issues he is talking about, which I don’t happen to agree with, but I won-der if the Senator from Utah will allow his colleagues to speak in the order we agreed to and then come back and allow the Senator from Utah to finish his remarks. 
I ask the Senator through the Chair 
if that will work? 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I have less 
than a page of my remarks that I pre-pared left. 
I ask unanimous consent for permis-
sion to have an additional 2 minutes to complete my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. As I was saying, Federal 
bureaucrats divert at least 25 percent of State gas tax dollars to nonhighway projects, including mass transit, bike paths, and other boondoggles such as vegetation management. Federal Davis-Bacon price-fixing regulations then artificially inflate construction costs by at least 10 percent, and Fed-eral environmental regulations, such as those issued under the National En-vironmental Policy Act, add an aver-age of 6.1 years in planning delays to any federally funded project. 
I understand that Washington is not 
ready for a more conservative approach to infrastructure funding—at least not yet—one where States get to keep their 
transportation dollars and decide how and on what they will spend those dol-lars, free from interference by Federal regulators. 
We can have honest disagreements 
from policy, and I know there is more work to do in making the case for con-servative transportation reform, but what I refuse to accept is the toxic process that produced this bill—the backroom deals, the about-face on crop subsidies, and the Export-Import Bank. The American people deserve better than this, and I won’t stop fighting to ensure that we do better than this in the future. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank the 
Senator from Oklahoma for letting me interrupt at this time. We passed a bill earlier, and normally I would have spo-ken after final passage, but I didn’t want to hold people up who had trans-portation plans, so I reserved my com-ments until later. I appreciate this op-portunity to speak at this time. 
I congratulate the Senator from 
Oklahoma and the Senator from Cali-fornia for the significant highway bill they passed tonight. I know there was a lot of work that went into that and a lot of good things will come out of it. It will make a difference for the econ-omy in the United States. 
As chairman of the Budget Com-
mittee, I know if we can get the pri-vate sector to increase by just 1 per-cent, we bring in $400 billion more in revenue without raising taxes, and raising the economy by 1 percent in the private sector is significant. 
f 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ 
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION BILL 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, today we 
also passed the most comprehensive and far-reaching repeal of ObamaCare that is possible under the reconcili-ation rules. We expect the House to pass this version shortly and soon this repeal will head to the President’s desk for the first time in his tenure. 
Our bill will eliminate more than $1.2 
trillion in ObamaCare tax hikes and save nearly $400 billion over 10 years. Lifting the burdens this law has placed on hard-working families will help move the Nation forward from ObamaCare’s broken promises to better access to patient-centered health care for each and every American. 
As I noted earlier, our Nation has 
made great strides in improving the quality of life for all Americans, but these changes were always forged in the spirit of bipartisan compromise and cooperation. We still need health care reform, but it has to be done the right way. To have good health care, we will have to have ideas from both parties, not just one party. 
Tonight we made significant progress 
to pointing out a bunch of the flaws, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.094 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8367 December 3, 2015 
and there were a lot of people who were 
involved in that and I wish to take this opportunity to thank them. 
We gave instructions to the Finance 
Committee and the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee that they were each to save $1 billion. So Senator H
ATCH and his staff went to 
work on it, and Senator A LEXANDER  
and his staff went to work on it, and they accomplished that task in con-junction with the House. So I thank them for their effort. 
I thank the Republican staff of the 
Senate Budget Committee, and espe-cially my staff director, Eric Ueland; as well as my deputy staff director, Dan Kowalski; the parliamentarian, Tori Gorman; the senior budget ana-lyst, Steve Robinson; the budget ana-lysts, Greg D’Angelo and Tom Borck; the junior budget analyst, Kaitlin Vogt; the chief counsel, George Everly; the assistant counsel, Clint Brown; the director of regulatory review, Susan Eckerly; and the editor, Elizabeth Keys. 
I also wish to thank the people on my 
personal staff who had to put some of their projects kind of secondary at times and then had to pitch in and help with the budget as well. 
I also want to express my apprecia-
tion to the staff from Leader M
CCON-
NELL ’s office. Leader M CCONNELL is a 
tremendous strategist and has opened the process for the Senate so that great things like the highway bill can be done, and that is done by allowing committees to do amendments, and then allowing the committee bill to come to the floor and have amend-ments from both sides of the aisle in an open process, and then to go to con-ference committee and have the con-ference committee do their work to make sure that the House and the Sen-ate are together. Some of the chief peo-ple who worked on that are the chief of staff, Sharon Soderstrom; his policy advisor, Scott Raab; his budget and ap-propriations policy advisor, Jon Burks; and his policy director, Hazen Mar-shall. In addition, our floor and cloak-room staff has been very helpful, led by Laura Dove and Robert Duncan. 
Senator C
ORNYN and his staff did a 
marvelous job of helping to find out what difficulties there were and what things needed to be corrected. Senator T
HUNE did a great job of lining up 
speakers, and Senator B ARRASSO did a 
great job with his staff in lining up some of the messaging. 
Thanks are due to the Senate Fi-
nance Committee, including the staff director, Chris Campbell; the chief health counsel and policy director, Jay Khosla; and the health policy advisor, Katie Simeon; the tax counsel, Preston Rutledge; and the health policy advi-sor, Becky Shipp. 
I extend my gratitude to the staff of 
the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee, as well as Senator A
LEXANDER , who has done a marvelous 
job there. I thank his staff director, David Cleary, his deputy staff director, Lindsey Seidman, his senior policy ad-
viser and health council, Liz Wroe, and his health policy director, Mary Sump-ter Lapinski. 
I also need to thank the former budg-
et staff people who lent their expertise on this, particularly Bill Hoagland. 
We are in a process that may help 
with some of the future accounting for projects and things and that is to do some budget reform. A lot of people have talked about budgeting reform and we have been doing some hearings on budget reform. We will be putting together a bill, and to make it a bipar-tisan bill it will have to go into effect in 2017. At that point nobody will know who will be in the majority, so we will all work to have a process that will be fair to both sides just in case we hap-pen to be in the minority or the other side happens to be in the minority. 
So we have a lot of people on both 
sides who have been working on that issue, and we will hold a number of hearings yet and hopefully come up with a process where we can get rid of old programs, eliminate duplication, and make the programs that we have be far better. Some of the people who have worked on that in the past have been Senator Domenici, who was the chairman of the committee; Senator Gregg, who was the chairman of the committee; and Senator P
ATTY MUR-
RAY, who was the chairman of the 
Budget Committee. One of the early ones, Senator Phil Gramm, has do-nated some of his time to come and work with both sides to take a look at what some of the future economic problems are, and he is also one of the foremost economic predictors, so we can make sure all of those things will come together as we work on future budgets. 
Of course, I would be grossly in error 
if I didn’t mention the House chairman of the Budget Committee, T
OMPRICE. 
He and I have been meeting at least once a week with our staffs and coordi-nating what is being done on both sides, both from a process standpoint, from a policy standpoint, from a bill standpoint, and from a budget stand-point. I think that paid off in what we are seeing tonight. 
Last and particularly not least, I 
need to think the Parliamentarians. I need to thank Elizabeth MacDonough, Leigh Hildebrand, Michael Beaver, Thomas Cuffie. These are some unsung heroes of the U.S. Senate who do a bi-partisan—a nonpartisan job for us of kind of refereeing when asked, and when you are doing a reconciliation bill, you are forced to ask. I had no idea what the process was and the dif-ficulty and the time that is involved, but all of that was spent by the Parlia-mentarians. 
We are all familiar with the rule 
book that is in every one of these desks and about this thick. That is a small part of it. In their office, they have file cabinets full of precedents. If you are drafting a bill that has to meet the kind of rules and the tight constraints that a reconciliation bill has, they 
have to meet with you on a regular basis and give their opinion and review all of these precedents to see if it can be put together the way we think it ought to be put together to be sure that when it comes to the floor, it can be voted on and when it is done, it ac-tually is a bill that will be possible to send to the President’s desk. 
So I thank the Parliamentarians for 
presiding. I know the tremendous job they do of advising whoever sits in the Presiding Officer’s chair, but this was a whole new level of instruction as I found out all of the things that they have to have as a part of their knowl-edge, and I really appreciate the effort they go to, the knowledge they already have, and the important role they play in this process. 
I know I left out a lot of people, but 
to anybody who participated, I want to thank them for their efforts and hope that out of all of these budget proc-esses, what we come up with is a better America. 
I yield the floor, and I thank the 
chairman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me 
first of all thank the Senator from Wy-oming. It is interesting that every time we are involved in something—it could be reconciliation, the budget or the highway bill—he is always in the cen-ter and he has always been the anchor that holds us all together, and we ap-preciate that so much. 
I will recognize the Senator from 
Washington, Ms. C
ANTWELL . 
f 
TRANSPORTATION BILL 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
rise tonight to thank my colleagues who worked so hard on this transpor-tation package that we have just voted on. I thank Chairman I
NHOFE and Sen-
ator B OXER for their hard work, as well 
as Chairman T HUNE and Senator N EL-
SONfrom the commerce committee for 
their hard work. 
The last thing I would have predicted 
at the beginning of this year is that Senator B
OXER would have joined 
forces with Senator M CCONNELL to 
force through a transportation package that many of us probably thought wasn’t even a reality. I would like to thank the Senator from California be-cause I think there are times in everybody’s career where you have to decide that you are going to stand up and push forward no matter how many arrows are shot in your back or no matter how many questions people ask. You have a vision of a path that you see and you realize that at the end, you think you can produce a package that will really be good for America. 
That is what Senator B
OXER has 
done. She has produced a package that will not only be a great legacy for an already great career but will be the very anecdote we need right now to an economy that is greatly challenged by a lack of infrastructure investment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.095 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8368 December 3, 2015 
I say that because the Senator from 
California and I both represent West Coast States that see Asia as a great economic opportunity and that rep-resent ports up and down the West Coast. We probably have the top one and two and three and four ports on the west coast as far as volume. The key thing that we know is that our own quadrennial review of energy products told us that we can’t even move prod-uct because we compete so much for room on our rails, and battle conges-tion on our highways. So for the first time, because of this legislation, the United States of America will have a national multimodal freight policy, along with a national freight strategic plan to say that we have to identify the freight network that is most crit-ical to moving product to the United States of America and through our ports, and that we should have a pro-gram to direct funding to those multimodal projects that are going to help get U.S.-made products outside of the United States and to the markets where they need to be delivered. 
So again, I thank Senator T
HUNE and 
Senator N ELSON for fighting for these 
provisions in the commerce committee bill that got merged into this package and all of the staff on both sides of the aisle in the commerce committee who helped on this and Senator B
OXER and 
Senator I NHOFE for including this. 
I know that many times I ran into 
staff in the hall and they said: Yes, we know, freight can’t wait. Which is kind of a moniker that we had come to talk about because freight really can’t wait. If we are not shipping it in a timely fashion from North America, from the United States, I guarantee to my col-leagues that products will be delivered to Asia or to Europe from someplace else and we will lose business. 
So I think the U.S. Congress and the 
Senate tonight has understood that our infrastructure needs a shot in the arm to move freight and to establish this policy I know is going to pay dividends for us. So thank you very much for making sure that provision was in this legislation. It is a very key moment for us looking at the fact that we are an exporter and that we want our products to reach markets in a timely fashion. 
I also want to thank the Secretary of 
Transportation because he gets this policy, and the national advisory com-mittee that his predecessor established on freight will be very helpful for us in identifying the projects and using the resources that are in this legislation to move forward. 
I also want to say how happy and 
grateful I am that the resolution of the Export-Import Bank debate is finally over tonight, and finally we have re-solved the fact that the Bank will be reauthorized for 4 years. There are hundreds of millions of dollars of projects that need to be approved and they can hopefully start moving through the process. 
I will point out that the Board needs 
nominees to fill the vacancies, and we should get that done so we can finish 
this process. But the fact that we are making a commitment for 4 years to the strategy that, yes, we want to man-ufacture products and, yes, we want to build things and ship them to overseas markets—whether they are grain silos, whether they are airplanes, whether they are music stands, whether they are tractors—whatever they are, we want to build them and we want to reach developing countries and inter-national markets, and we are going to make sure the credit agencies that as-sist bankers in finalizing those deals exist, and we are making that commit-ment for 4 years. 
So if there is anybody who has ar-
rows in their back over that, I also thank them for continuing to fight to make sure we got through this process. My colleagues know that both a major-ity of people in the House—a majority of Republicans—supported this idea and finally got their voices heard through a discharge petition, and the majority of the U.S. Senate supported this position. 
So I hope people who have allowed 
this process to finally take place will understand how valuable the freight provision and the export bank provi-sion is for us as a country to continue our export strategy. 
Our strategy is to build great prod-
ucts and to sell them to a developing world. Ninety-five percent of con-sumers are outside of the United States, so let’s sell products, but we have to fix our infrastructure to do it. We have to make sure that credit is available to do it, and we have to make sure we continue to move forward with the other policies that are going to help us with this strategy. 
So, again, I want to say how grateful 
I am. I will tell my colleagues I don’t think it is a perfect bill, but everybody here understands it is not a perfect bill. Again, I want to thank the Sen-ator from California for her decision to take what is a challenging process and persevere on an investment strategy that—each and every one of us would have written a different one, but at least it got us to this goal of making needed investment in critical infra-structure at a time that our country needs to be able to move products and get things to customers around the globe, and this will very much help in that process. 
Again, I thank the staff on both com-
mittees, on both sides of the aisle, and everybody who was involved in making these policies a reality. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I wish to 
address very briefly the comments made by one of the Senators earlier about how bad this bill is. 
I think it is important for us to un-
derstand that it shows us how difficult a bill like this is because we are facing accusations, and it is the kind of thing that people would want to believe, but 
it is just not true. We don’t have the things that sound good. The Export- Import Bank, that is something I had to swallow. I have opposed the Export- Import Bank every opportunity I have had for the last 20 years. 
Yet this is a huge bill. This is the 
largest bill in 17 years. The most im-portant part of this to me is those who criticize it fail to realize that when we take an oath of office, we hold up our hand—every Senator does—to uphold the Constitution of the United States. It says in the Constitution, the only two things that we are mandated to do in article I section 8 is to defend Amer-ica and roads and bridges. 
Ever since 1956, when Eisenhower 
came and did the national bill, the Na-tional Highway System, it has been successful, but where we have dropped the ball is we have been failing to have the Transportation reauthorization bill. We take into consideration all of the things that we are supposed to do, and these are things that we are sup-posed to do in accordance with the Constitution. 
It is easy for me to say this because 
I have been ranked the most conserv-ative Member many times and prob-ably more than anyone else, but I rec-ognize that we do have this responsi-bility. 
Having said that, let me just say that 
I agree with the comments that were made by the majority leader and by Senator B
OXER . She and I have dis-
agreed more than we have agreed on things, but we have gone through a couple of these bills together and peo-ple look at us and think, If both of them want to do this, there must be something good about them. 
So I have enjoyed working with Sen-
ator B
OXER . It has been my honor to do 
it. We have actually shocked a lot of people with how well we get along. That is not going to happen after this bill, but it did before. 
So let me just say this. I wish to 
thank some people. I appreciate the fact that the Senator from Wyoming recognizes his staff. I look around here and I see these two guys. They were up more nights all night long than they were sleeping all night long, and this is for a long period of time. We have been working on this for a long period of time. It is the result of months and months of really hard work. 
In particular I want to thank our 
EPW team of Alex Herrgott, who was trying to drive this thing, and Shant Boyajian, one who does maybe the hardest part, the actual road part; he is the expert that pulled that through. We also had Chaya Koffman, Susan Bodine, Jennie Wright, Andrew Neely, Donelle Harder, Daisy Letendre, and Kristina Baum. 
And Senator B
OXER ’s team: David 
Napoliello, whom I really enjoyed working with. This is funny. I could talk to David just as I talk to one of our people here. We all have the same concerns, and so it makes it easier. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.096 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8369 December 3, 2015 
also thank Andrew Dohrman and Jason 
Albritton. I would include so many others, but I see that Senator B
OXER is 
still here, and I would like to just con-clude right now. I know Senator B
OXER  
wants to recognize some of the people that worked so hard in her shop, and we worked with a lot of people. 
I will yield to Senator B
OXER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am so 
relieved we voted on a 5-year, fully- funded surface transportation bill that increases funding for our highway and transit programs. This is a monu-mental accomplishment for us all. The Environment and Public Works Com-mittee has led the way to achieving the longest surface transportation bill that this country has seen in 17 years, which is essential for jobs, for our safety, and for our economic standing in the world. 
This bill, which passed the House by 
a vote of 359 to 65, will provide the cer-tainty that our States and local gov-ernments need to plan and construct improvements to the Nation’s surface transportation system. It will support millions of jobs and thousands of busi-nesses. Our bill has the support of a broad coalition of labor, business, and government organizations, including the AFL–CIO, Transportation Trades Department of the AFL–CIO, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Americans for Transportation Mobility Coalition, Teamsters, Transportation Construc-tion Coalition, American Road and Transportation Builders Association, National Association of Counties, U.S. Conference of Mayors, National Con-ference of State Legislatures, National Governors Association, National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers, American Trucking Associations, Highway Mate-rials Group, Associated General Con-tractors, American Farm Bureau Fed-eration, American Traffic Safety Serv-ices Association, Transport Workers Union, American Society of Civil Engi-neers, International Union of Oper-ating Engineers, Amalgamated Transit Union, United Steelworkers, Leader-ship Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Coalition for America’s Gate-ways and Trade Corridors, and Amer-ican Association of Port Authorities. 
The FAST Act is a comprehensive 
bill that, among other things, modern-izes federal highway and transit pro-grams, motor carrier and vehicle safety programs, and includes a passenger rail authorization. We should also not for-get that it reauthorizes the Export-Im-port Bank, which is so important for jobs and our economic competitive-ness. 
It was a mammoth task to put this 
bill together and it has been a roller coaster ride from day one. I am pleased that this entire process was jump- started when my dear friend J
IM 
INHOFE , who has been my partner on 
many infrastructure issues, worked with me to pass a highway bill out of the EPW Committee on June 24 by a unanimous 20–0 vote. I truly believe that it was our overwhelming bipar-
tisan vote that set the stage and built momentum for this bill to begin mov-ing through the Senate. 
I also want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER and Congressman D EFAZIO in the 
House. They led a strong bipartisan ef-fort in the House of Representatives which allowed us to go to conference with the wind at our back, and while it was never an easy negotiation and nei-ther side got everything that they wanted, I think we are all pleased with the outcome. I want to thank all the members of the conference committee, with a special thanks to Senators D
UR-
BINand N ELSON , who are strong sup-
porters of the conference report. 
Let me highlight a few things in this 
bill that I am so proud of: 
The bill creates and significantly 
funds two new programs: No. 1, the Na-tional Highway Freight Program, which will improve goods movement; and No. 2, the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects Pro-gram, a competitive grants program to support major projects. 
It provides $199 million to help com-
muter railroads install positive train control. It includes the Raechel and Jaqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act, to protect consumers from leasing un-safe recalled rental vehicles. This cause has been incredibly important to me. I have worked tirelessly to get this safety provision into law. It will save lives in the future and is an example of the positive things we can do to pre-vent families from suffering from trag-edies resulting from defective rental cars in the future. 
I have been working for years to pass 
a long-term transportation bill, be-cause our Nation’s aging infrastructure needs robust investment to keep us competitive in the global marketplace. Our country has over 61,000 struc-turally deficient bridges and 50 percent of our Nation’s roads are in less than good condition. More than 30,000 people die from traffic accidents each year. 
The passage of MAP–21, for which I 
chaired the conference committee in 2012, provided 2 years of certainty and made key innovations for transpor-tation. 
Now, the FAST Act, which increases 
highway and transit funding, will en-able our State and local governments to make new investments to improve our roads, bridges, and transit systems, which will improve safety, increase mobility, and keep goods moving effi-ciently. Improving our transportation infrastructure should not be a partisan issue, and I thank Leader M
CCONNELL  
and Senator I NHOFE for working closely 
with me to do the right thing for our country. 
This entire process has been about 
trust, teamwork, and persistence, and I couldn’t be more proud of what we have accomplished. 
I would like to thank all of the staff 
that played an important role in this bill. As I have said, getting to this point has been a process that would make the workings of a sausage fac-
tory look appealing in comparison. 
Mr. President, I know it is late, and 
I know we are all exhausted, but you have to mark a moment. I think this bill was such a monumental effort and the staffs that we are mentioning— Senator I
NHOFE is right—they were 
working constantly. The reason I know is that I called them constantly. 
Senator I
NHOFE is right again. I 
called my staff; I called his staff; I called Senator T
HUNE ’s staff. I called 
everybody’s staff. Right? I drove them crazy. 
One time my little granddaughter 
was there, and I was getting into a bit of an altercation with a Member from the House, and I whispered to my granddaughter: Tell him to help your grandmother. 
She got on the phone and said: Please 
help my grandmother. She had no idea. 
The gentleman on the other end said: 
Oh, boy, you are tough. OK. We got through that night all right. 
I am going to also thank the House 
family who helped us write the Safe Rental Car Act. 
In closing, I am going to read these 
names on my team: Bettina Poirier, David Napoliello, Andrew Dohrmann, Tyler Rushforth, Jason Albritton, Ted Illston, Mary Kerr, Kate Gilman, Colin MacCarthy, and Kathryn Bacher. 
From Senator I
NHOFE ’s team, I have 
to mention them again: Alex Hergott, Ryan Jackson, Shant Boyajian, Susan Bodine, Andrew Neely, and Chaya Koffman. 
For Leader M
CCONNELL : Neil 
Chatterjee, Hazen Marshall, and many others. 
For the Banking Committee staff, I 
want to thank Mark Powden, Shannon Hines, Jennifer Deci, and Homer Car-lisle. 
For Senator N
ELSON : Kim Lipsky, 
Devon Barnhart, Matt Kelly, and Bran-don Kaufman. 
For Senator T
HUNE : Dave Schweitert, 
Adrian Arnakis, Allison Cullen, and Patrick Fuchs. 
We built trust, we worked together, 
and we forged real friendships. I will never forget this as long as I live. I am grateful to everyone. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING GOVERNOR OLENE 
WALKER 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute today to Governor Olene Walker, a woman beloved in my home State of Utah and regarded across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S03DE5.REC S03DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8370 December 3, 2015 
Nation as a model of civility and self-
less service. Governor Walker passed away last Saturday from causes inci-dent to age. In her 85 years of life, she led with compassion and humility, earning the respect and admiration of everyone she served. 
Governor Walker’s life was one of 
humble service, and her modest back-ground made her rise in politics all the more impressive. Raised in rural Utah, she developed her trademark work ethic on the family farm and spent much of her childhood milking cows, hauling hay, and harvesting sugar beets. Both as a young woman working in her family’s fields and as a Governor serving the people of Utah, no task was ever below Olene—she was always will-ing to do whatever was necessary to get the job done and to help those in need. 
As a State legislator, a Lieutenant 
Governor, and a Governor, Olene was steadfast in her commitment to help society’s most vulnerable, especially small children. Her work in the area of health care reform precipitated the es-tablishment of our State’s Children Health Insurance Program, which helps provide medical insurance for Utah’s underprivileged youth. After becoming Utah’s first female Governor, she con-tinued her advocacy for children by championing education reform. 
Governor Walker’s Read With a Child 
Early Literacy Initiative was essential to her reform efforts. This program sought to improve childhood literacy by encouraging parents to read with their kids for at least 20 minutes every day. The initiative’s focus on the fam-ily speaks to a simple truth: meaning-ful societal change doesn’t begin in the bustling chambers of Congress but in the quiet solitude of the home, through the daily interactions between parent and child. As a former homemaker and as a mother of seven, Olene understood that healthy homes lead to a healthy society. This belief influenced many of her pro-family policies as Governor. 
Perhaps more than anyone I know, 
Governor Walker exemplified the teaching that the greatest among us is the servant of all. She often eschewed the trappings of public office and even refused to use a driver. After leaving the Governorship, Olene volunteered to serve as the primary president for her local church congregation. This hum-ble position was a significant departure from her role as Utah’s chief executive. Instead of negotiating with legislators and managing State agencies, Olene led dozens of little children in song and prayer, teaching them about the words of Christ and his early apostles. Any-one preoccupied with prestige or posi-tions of power would surely consider this new responsibility a demotion, but Olene wasn’t one of those people. She never concerned herself with titles, standing, or prominence; she cared only about serving others in whatever capacity she could. 
And she served until the very end. 
Even after retiring from office, Olene remained in the public sphere and con-
tinued to advocate for education re-form. She was also active in ecclesias-tical service and would eventually serve a 2-year mission in New York City for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. She was equally en-gaged in academia and was instru-mental in establishing the Olene S. Walker Institute of Politics and Public Service at Weber State University. In addition to hosting public forums, the institute helps students find jobs and internships in government and encour-ages women to become involved in poli-tics. 
Through her trailblazing example, 
Governor Walker leaves a legacy of leadership that is sure to inspire gen-erations of young Americans. With her passing, we have lost not only an exem-plary stateswoman but also a loving mother and a friend. I am deeply grate-ful for my association with Olene Walker. I consider myself lucky to have known Olene and even luckier to have served alongside her. Elaine and I send our deepest condolences to the Walker family. May God comfort them, and may He comfort all of us as we mourn the loss of an exceptional woman. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT STIVERS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to recognize a good friend of mine and the Kentucky Senate president, Robert Stivers, for the honor he re-cently received of being named one of the country’s top nine public officials of the year by Governing magazine. Senator Stivers certainly deserves this recognition, as he has led the Ken-tucky Senate admirably since his ele-vation to the president’s post in 2013. 
Senator Stivers has served in the 
Kentucky Senate since 1997. He rep-resents the 25th District in eastern Kentucky, which includes parts of Clay, Knox, Lee, Owsley, Whitley, and Wolfe Counties. Like myself, Robert is a proud graduate of both the Univer-sity of Kentucky and the University of Louisville. Before becoming senate president in 2013, he served as the sen-ate’s majority floor leader from 2009 to 2012. 
Senator Stivers is perfectly suited 
for his leadership role, as he is a man who naturally knows how to build con-sensus and coalitions. He remains a practicing attorney in his hometown of Manchester and is finely tuned in to the needs of his constituents. The Clay County Chamber of Commerce honored Senator Stivers with its Man of the Year award in 2000. In 2002 he received both the AARP Appreciation Award and the Kentucky River Lincoln Club Outstanding Service Award. 
Senator Stivers was recognized as 
one of the top public officials in the country because he has led the Ken-tucky Senate to pass some very impor-tant measures, including a bill to ad-dress the growing scourge of heroin and prescription pain pill abuse in our State. That is an issue I have followed 
closely over the years, and I can attest firsthand that Senator Stivers has been a real champion in working to find a solution. 
Senator Stivers also led the senate to 
pass a measure providing funding for a new cancer research center at the Uni-versity of Kentucky. This new facility will prove to be of immeasurable ben-efit to the people of Kentucky and also helps establish the University of Ken-tucky as one of the region’s top re-search universities, which will attract more talent and funding to the Com-monwealth. 
I would ask all of my colleagues to 
join me in congratulating Kentucky Senate President Robert Stivers on this honor, and I thank him for his service to the people of our State. Those of us in Kentucky who have watched him at work have known for a long time that he is a talented and en-ergetic legislator. And he is a great public servant on behalf of the people of Kentucky. 
The Lexington Herald-Leader re-
cently published an article detailing Senator Stivers’ recognition by Gov-erning magazine. I ask unanimous con-sent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Lexington Herald-Leader, Nov. 17, 
2015] 
MAGAZINE NAMES KENTUCKY SENATE PRESI-
DENT ROBERT STIVERS A TOPPUBLIC OFFI-
CIAL IN NATION  
(By Jack Brammer) 
FRANKFORT —Kentucky Senate President 
Robert Stivers has been named one of the country’s nine public officials of the year by Governing magazine. 
Stivers, R–Manchester, was nominated for 
the award by the magazine’s editors. The magazine has honored individual state and local government officials for their accom-plishments every year since 1994. 
The publication commends Stivers for his 
bipartisan work since assuming the role of Senate president in 2013. 
Landmark legislation that has passed dur-
ing Stivers’ presidency include bills to ad-dress abuse of prescription drugs and heroin, and providing funding for a new cancer re-search center at the University of Kentucky. 
‘‘It is an honor to receive this award on be-
half of our work in the legislature,’’ Stivers said in a statement. ‘‘We are fortunate to have so many dedicated servants in the Ken-tucky General Assembly who were willing to put aside politics and do what was best for the Commonwealth of Kentucky. While there is still plenty of work to be done, I am very thankful to my colleagues and staff for their work on significant pieces of legislation. It has been a great year.’’ 
Stivers was appointed this year as the in-
coming chairman of the Southern Legisla-tive Conference, which is to hold its annual meeting in Lexington in 2016. Stivers also will be chairman of the Council on State Governments in 2018. 
Stivers will travel to Washington, D.C., 
next month to receive the award. He rep-resents the 25th District, which encompasses Clay, Knox, Lee, Owsley, Whitley and Wolfe counties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.003 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8371 December 3, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE LAS VEGAS 
LATIN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the 40th anniversary of the Las Vegas Latin Chamber of Com-merce. 
Since its inception, the Latin Cham-
ber of Commerce has been a champion for the Hispanic business community in Nevada. In working to fulfill its mis-sion of promoting the success of its members and the more than 18,000 His-panic-owned small businesses in the Silver State, the chamber is driving growth in Nevada and enriching the U.S. economy. By cultivating positive business, cultural, and educational re-lationships and expanding opportuni-ties for Latino businessowners, the Latin Chamber of Commerce has en-sured the success of hundreds of new businesses and transformed the very fabric of southern Nevada. 
The Latin Chamber of Commerce was 
founded nearly four decades ago by a handful of determined individuals who were seeking the resources and support necessary to realize their personal and professional goals. Under the leader-ship of Arturo Cambeiro, the organiza-tion’s first president, the chamber de-veloped the foundation needed to be-come a leading advocate for Hispanic- owned businesses and Latino entre-preneurs. Today, the Latin Chamber of Commerce has grown to include more than 1,500 members throughout the Sil-ver State, making it one of the largest organizations of its kind in the coun-try. I applaud the Latin Chamber of Commerce for its 40th anniversary of dedicated service to the Hispanic com-munity. The chamber’s work is truly 
appreciated and admired. 
I also commend the leadership of the 
Latin Chamber of Commerce, particu-larly Mr. Otto Merida and Ms. Victoria Napoles-Earl. Their tireless commit-ment to the Latino business commu-nity has played a critical role in the growth and success of the chamber. For the last 40 years, Mr. Merida has dedi-cated his work to developing and ex-panding the presence of the Latin Chamber of Commerce in southern Ne-vada. He has worked hard to fulfill the Chamber’s mission and led the organi-zation with the highest standards, cur-rently serving as the organization’s chief executive officer. Ms. Napoles- Earl joined the chamber in 1987 and re-cently announced her retirement after 30 years of service. I would like to con-gratulate her on her upcoming retire-ment and career accomplishments. From starting as the chamber’s office manager to becoming its senior vice president, Ms. Napoles-Earl has dedi-cated her career to investing in Latino- owned businesses. During their distin-guished careers, Mr. Merida and Ms. Napoles-Earl have successfully secured millions of dollars in funding for Latino businessowners, including grants, loans, and contracts. On behalf of the chamber and the thousands of Hispanic-owned businesses in Nevada, Mr. Merida and Ms. Napoles-Earl have effectively advocated for policies that 
help Latino entrepreneurs start and ex-pand their business. 
In addition to their roles at the Latin 
Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Merida and Ms. Napoles are active members in the community and have held various lead-ership positions at the State and local levels. Mr. Merida has worked for the State of Nevada’s Department of Edu-cation, served as chair of the Las Vegas Housing Authority, and was appointed to the Nevada Commission on Eco-nomic Development. Ms. Napoles-Earl has served as a commissioner for the Nevada Commission on Minority Af-fairs and on the board of directors of Dignity Health’s St. Rose Dominican Hospitals. I have had the honor and privilege of working closely with Mr. Merida and Ms. Napoles-Earl through-out my time in Congress, and I can say without reservation that the Hispanic business community in Nevada is for-tunate to have them working on its be-half. You will be hard pressed to find more effective advocates. 
As the Latin Chamber of Commerce 
begins its next chapter, I wish them continued success for years to come and thank them for supporting the eco-nomic growth and development of Latino entrepreneurs for 40 years and counting. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF PLANNED PARENT-HOOD OF NORTHERN NEW ENG-LAND 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this 
week, Planned Parenthood of Northern New England marked its 50th anniver-sary with a well-attended gathering in South Burlington, VT. The event came less than a week after the deadly trag-edy at a Planned Parenthood center in Colorado. The weight of that tragedy, more than 2,500 miles away from Vermont, was evident as those in the crowd bowed their heads in a moment of silence as the names of victims were read. But this South Burlington gath-ering also illustrated the depth of sup-port for an organization that plays a critical role in health care for women of all ages throughout Vermont, throughout New England, and through-out our country. 
The Planned Parenthood Association 
of Vermont began in 1965 when a small but active band of women gathered at the Unitarian Church in Burlington. Within the next 3 years, Maine and New Hampshire also established family planning centers, and by the mid-1980s, Planned Parenthood of Northern New England was formed. 
In 2014 alone, Planned Parenthood 
centers around Vermont provided vital primary and preventive services to over 16,000 patients. In a rural State like Vermont, the need for health care providers in remote areas is acute. More than 90 percent of Vermont’s Planned Parenthood centers are lo-cated in rural or medically underserved areas. Many Vermonters describe Planned Parenthood as their primary 
source of health care. In just one exam-ple, without the services that Planned Parenthood provides, thousands of low- income women in Vermont would lose their ability to have regular cancer screenings that could save their lives. 
Over five decades, Planned Parent-
hood has weathered many challenges that include ensuring the safety of its own health care providers. In the after-math of 9/11, more than 500 anthrax threat letters were sent to Planned Parenthood locations and other repro-ductive health care providers; yet it seems unimaginable that we are here in December 2015, in the U.S. Senate, once again debating whether to defund an organization that does so much to ensure the health and well-being of women across the country. 
In August I spoke in opposition to 
this misguided, distortion-filled, par-tisan effort. I said at the time that the issue was unfortunately all too famil-iar. With the critical issues that face us today, why are we spending our time and energy on this ideologically driven effort to bar funding for women’s health centers? I am saddened that we are even talking about this provision today, not even 1 week since a gunman stormed that Planned Parenthood in Colorado and caused such carnage. This is shameful, and it is cynical. It is time for the mean-spirited assault on wom-en’s health care to end. 
I was heartened by the supporters, 
both women and men, who turned out to mark the 50th anniversary of Planned Parenthood of Northern New England this week in South Bur-lington. They included the next genera-tion of young women who have been ‘‘passed the torch’’ to stand up for their rights to health care and repro-ductive freedom. They are committed to making sure Planned Parenthood will be around for another 50 years— and they give me hope. Let us not turn our backs on them by turning back the clock. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE COFFEE FARM-
ERS IN THE DEMOCRATIC RE-PUBLIC OF THE CONGO 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, like 
many Senators, I have followed the ap-palling situation facing citizens of the Eastern Congo, where armed groups have fought for years over control of minerals and territory, pillaging, rap-ing, and killing civilians in the proc-ess. 
The innocent people who struggle to 
survive in the midst of this violence and destruction rely on subsistence ag-riculture, as well as raising crops for export; yet their own government makes it doubly difficult. 
For decades, coffee was an important 
agricultural export from Eastern Congo. But after years of armed con-flict, official coffee exports have re-portedly decreased by over 80 percent from peak levels 30 years ago. The ma-jority of this coffee is produced by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.078 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8372 December 3, 2015 
smallholder farmers, most of whom are 
women, and for whom coffee is a sig-nificant source of income. 
Today a consortium, including the 
Eastern Congo Initiative, the Howard Buffett Foundation, and Starbucks Coffee Company, are trying to help Congolese farmers by revitalizing the industry. Needed infrastructure has been built, a supply chain is in place, and America’s largest coffee company has provided a reliable buyer. This is a welcome and worthwhile effort to im-prove the lives of people in rural Con-golese communities that should have the support of the Congolese Govern-ment. 
Despite this collective effort, Congo-
lese coffee farmers are being crippled by oppressive taxes that make their coffee uncompetitive in the global mar-ketplace. While Congo’s official export tax rate is 0.25 percent, many export officials reportedly continue to levy taxes of 7.5 percent, which is the pre-vious rate. In addition, there are often informal tax levies that charge another 3 to 8 percent. These excessive taxes force exporters to pay smallholder farmers less for their coffee, with the result that farmers smuggle their crop into neighboring countries. The liveli-hoods of these farmers and the success of the Eastern Congo Initiative- Buffett-Starbucks joint venture are put at risk by the Congolese Govern-ment’s actions. 
I want to yield to Senator G
RAHAM , 
who has traveled to Africa and ob-served the challenges facing small farmers like those I have mentioned. 
Mr. GRAHAM. I want to thank my 
friend from Vermont with whom I have worked for years to help improve the lives of small farmers in Africa and elsewhere. The situation facing coffee farmers in the Eastern Congo should concern all Senators, as there is an op-portunity, thanks to the Eastern Congo Initiative, the Buffett Foundation, and Starbucks, to significantly increase the income of people who have long struggled to get out of poverty. The Congolese Government should take im-mediate steps to eliminate this unoffi-cial tax rate and other specious finan-cial charges that are jeopardizing the livelihoods of their own people. The government must be part of the solu-tion—and not the problem—to Congo’s myriad challenges. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Senator 
from South Carolina, the chairman of the Subcommittee on State and For-eign Operations, who chaired a hearing earlier this year when we heard com-pelling testimony about this subject. 
I ask my friend from Delaware, the 
former chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, who has traveled to Africa many times, including this year with President Obama, to discuss how this situation in the Eastern Congo relates to the requirements of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
Mr. COONS. I thank the Senator 
from Vermont for calling the Senate’s attention to the challenges facing cof-fee producers in the Eastern Congo. 
The Congress passed the African Growth and Opportunity Act, AGOA, to advance economic growth and political stability in sub-Saharan Africa. AGOA furthers these objectives by offering trade benefits to countries that meet certain requirements, including com-mitments to policies that alleviate 
poverty and reflect market based eco-nomic principles. Moreover, as part of this year’s AGOA renewal, we included provisions to enhance industries where African women are making strong con-tributions. Since its inception, exports from AGOA countries to the United States have grown 300 percent. Agri-culture is the largest employer in Afri-ca, and in the years to come, farming can play a key role in accelerating ex-ports even further and realizing the vi-sion of AGOA. 
To meet the standards of AGOA and 
gain eligibility, the Congolese Govern-ment must do away with the excessive export and other taxes currently being levied on its coffee farmers. Impeding the growth of their coffee industry and lowering the standard of living of their own farmers is inconsistent with the language, intent, and spirit of AGOA. Lowering this tax burden should be re-quired before the Democratic Republic of the Congo is granted AGOA benefits. 
Ms. STABENOW. I thank the senior 
Senator from Vermont for his leader-ship on this issue. Last year, I had the privilege of leading the first all-women Senate delegation to sub-Saharan Afri-ca to examine food, agriculture, and the critical role women play in local economies. According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, nearly 50 percent of all the ag-ricultural work in the region is done by women. 
Yet, too often, women are not af-
forded equal opportunities to own prop-erty, earn an education, or participate in the political process. That is why I was eager to lead two bipartisan provi-sions included in the recent AGOA re-newal. The first makes clear that we expect our African trading partners to make progress toward establishing policies that support men and women. And the second expands existing agri-cultural trade technical assistance pro-grams at USDA and USAID and prioritizes outreach to organizations and sectors that support women. 
At its core, AGOA is about creating 
the building blocks of an improved trading relationship with sub-Saharan African nations. For the Democratic Republic of the Congo, coffee produc-tion presents a critical export oppor-tunity. That is why we must insist that the Congolese Government addresses its inconsistent and burdensome export taxes on coffee producers—most of whom are women—before regaining eli-gibility for AGOA benefits. We have an opportunity to send a strong message to our African trading partners that we expect them to recognize how vital women are to the development of those nations’ economies. Ms. CANTWELL. I thank the senior 
Senator from Vermont for his leader-ship on this issue. Last year, I trav-elled to sub-Saharan Africa with Sen-ator S
TABENOW . In Africa, we saw first-
hand that empowering women and girls as leaders in agriculture is important to promoting economic development. When we returned, we fought to make sure promoting economic opportunities for women was an important aspect of renewal of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act. 
Investing in women produces a good 
return on investment. According to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organiza-tion, if women had the same access to economic resources as men, this could increase agricultural productivity by 20–30 percent. 
The Congolese Government’s export 
taxes on coffee producers have the op-posite effect. It unfairly burdens women. It should be repealed before the Democratic Republic of the Congo re-ceives any additional AGOA benefits. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I want to thank the 
Senator from South Carolina and the Senator from Vermont for their impor-tant work in improving United States foreign assistance. I thank Senator L
EAHY for bringing this issue to our at-
tention today. The Senator from Dela-ware and I have worked for years on the Senate Foreign Relations Sub-committee on African Affairs, and I look forward to continuing that work. Throughout our travels on the African continent, we have seen the beneficial effects of increased agriculture produc-tivity and better access to markets, fa-cilitated by U.S. economic develop-ment and trade preference programs. 
I am proud of our work to reauthor-
ize the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act. We made it stronger, more accountable, and hopefully more acces-sible to sub-Saharan African countries and their people. Unfortunately, Con-go’s ineligibility makes export oppor-tunities more difficult for Congolese businessmen and farmers. I echo my colleagues’ call on the Congolese Gov-ernment to become more transparent and responsive to the needs of its peo-ple. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as you 
can see, there is bipartisan support for these coffee farmers who face oppres-sive economic constraints that limit their ability to be competitive in the marketplace and earn a decent living. I join my colleagues who have spoken on this issue today in urging the Congo-lese Government to address these con-cerns for the benefit of its people. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, due to 
a prior commitment, I regret I was not present to vote on six amendments to H.R. 3762, the Budget Reconciliation Act. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on amendment No. 2908, Manchin-Toomey expanded background checks, and amendment No. 2910, deny-ing firearms to suspected terrorists. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.048 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8373 December 3, 2015 
strongly support these commonsense 
gun safety proposals. 
In addition, I would have supported 
amendment No. 2892, Senator S HA-
HEEN ’s funding for mental illness and 
substance abuse services, and amend-ment No. 2907, Senator B
ENNET ’s pro-
posal to improving access to care at the Veterans Administration. However, I would have voted no on amendment No. 2912, Cornyn side-by-side to No. 2910; amendment No. 2914, Grassley side-by-side to No. 2908; and amend-ment No. 2899, Paul refugee resettle-ment. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 4305 
of S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels in the budget resolution for legislation re-lated to health care reform. The au-thority to adjust is contingent on the legislation not increasing the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2025. 
I find that Senate amendment 2916 
fulfills the conditions of deficit neu-trality found in section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11. Accordingly, I am revising the allocations to the Committee on Fi-nance, the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions, HELP, and the budgetary aggregates to ac-count for the budget effects of the amendment. I am also adjusting the unassigned to committee savings levels in the budget resolution to reflect that, while there are savings in the amend-ment attributable to both the HELP and Finance committees, the Congres-sional Budget Office and Joint Com-mittee on Taxation are unable to produce unique estimates for each pro-vision due to interactions and other ef-fects that are estimated simulta-neously. 
The adjustments that I filed on Tues-
day, December 2, 2015, are now void and replaced by these new adjustments. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ac-
companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
BUDGET AGGREGATES 
BUDGET AUTHORITY AND OUTLAYS 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S.Con. Res 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ Millions 2016 
Current Aggregates:* 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................................. 3,033,488 Outlays ................................................................. 3,091,974 
Adjustments: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................................. ¥32,200 
Outlays ................................................................. ¥32,300 
Revised Aggregates: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................................. 3,001,288 Outlays ................................................................. 3,059,674 BUDGET AGGREGATE REVENUES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ Millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Revenue ..................... 2,675,967 14,415,914 32,233,099 
Adjustments: 
Revenue ..................... ¥65,400 ¥438,000 ¥1,103,600 
Revised Aggregates: 
Revenue ..................... 2,610,567 13,977,914 31,129,499 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON 
FINANCE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ Millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ....... 2,179,749 12,342,551 29,428,176 Outlays ...................... 2,169,759 12,322,705 29,403,199 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ....... ¥2,000 ¥4,600 16,200 
Outlays ...................... ¥2,000 ¥4,600 16,200 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ....... 2,177,749 12,337,951 29,444,376 Outlays ...................... 2,167,759 12,318,105 29,419,399 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, 
EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ Millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ....... 12,137 87,301 174,372 Outlays ...................... 14,271 87,783 182,631 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ....... 0 ¥4,200 ¥13,700 
Outlays ...................... 0 ¥2,400 ¥10,900 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ....... 12,137 83,101 160,672 Outlays ...................... 14,271 85,383 171,731 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE UNASSIGNED 
COMMITTEE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ Millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ¥930,099 ¥6,014,283 ¥15,268,775 
Outlays ................ ¥884,618 ¥5,887,158 ¥14,949,026 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ¥30,200 ¥517,500 ¥1,489,900 
Outlays ................ ¥30,200 ¥517,500 ¥1,489,900 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ¥960,299 ¥6,531,783 ¥16,758,675 
Outlays ................ ¥914,818 ¥6,404,658 ¥16,438,926 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICIA 
GEADELMANN 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
would like to take a moment to pay tribute to a friend of mine, Patricia Geadelmann. Pat serves as special as-sistant to the president for board and governmental relations at the Univer-sity of Northern Iowa, my alma mater. Pat is retiring in January after more than 43 years at the university. 
She began her career teaching phys-
ical education and health at the Mal-colm Price Laboratory School and achieved the rank of professor. Since 1984, she has served in the UNI admin-istration under four different presi-dents. In fact, in total, Pat has worked at UNI under 5 of the 10 presidents the university has had. Before that, she was an undergraduate student at the university. 
Her experience and her knowledge of 
the University of Northern Iowa is un-matched. Needless to say, she has been 
an invaluable resource for each of the presidents she has served with and to the university as a whole. In fact, it is hard to imagine UNI without her. I have worked with Pat in her capacity as the head of government relations for the University of Northern Iowa for most of my time in the Senate. With someone who has her level of knowl-edge and experience, you would be tempted to wonder whether she reports to the president or the president re-ports to her. But, if you know her, you know she is as unassuming as she is dogged in her dedication to the univer-sity’s best interests. 
The University of Northern Iowa was 
lucky to have her, and on behalf of the UNI family, we are sorry to lose her. We wish her well in her new ‘‘retired’’ career as minister of care and visita-tion at First Presbyterian Church in Waterloo. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAYOR JIM 
HAGGERTON 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today 
with my colleague Senator C ANTWELL , 
I wish to commemorate Mayor Jim Haggerton for his 30 years of public service. Mr. Haggerton first served the people of Tukwila, WA as a member of the planning commission from 1985 to 1994 and thereafter as a member of the city council from 1994 to 2007. Since 2008, Mr. Haggerton has served as mayor of Tukwila. On December 31, Mr. Haggerton will retire after 30 years of service to Tukwila. 
During his tenure, Mr. Haggerton has 
consistently provided outstanding lead-ership, kept the interests of the public at the forefront of his work, celebrated the city’s diversity, and supported its neighborhoods, businesses, and resi-dents. Mr. Haggerton successfully spearheaded dozens of major develop-ment and public infrastructure projects including the new Klickitat inter-change, the Tukwila South Develop-ment Agreement, opening the LINK Light Rail Station in Tukwila, the South Park Bridge, a permanent Tukwila Commuter Rail and Amtrak Station, the Southcenter Parkway, and the redevelopment of Interurban Ave-nue. Mayor Haggerton fought to rede-velop neglected and crime-ridden prop-erty along Tukwila International Bou-levard, which culminated in the Tukwila Village Development Agree-ment. Additionally, Mr. Haggerton fiercely advocated to fund new crimefighting initiatives and led ef-forts to build sports and recreational facilities in Tukwila. Throughout his career, I was consistently impressed with Mayor Haggerton’s commitment and contributions to the local commu-nity. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
join my colleague Senator M
URRAY in 
commemorating Mayor Haggerton’s 30 years of public service. As mayor, Mr. Haggerton led the effort to develop and adopt Tukwila’s first strategic plan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.073 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8374 December 3, 2015 
providing a clear vision for economic 
development in the city. Mayor 
Haggerton was also among the first to offer regional assistance to the Oso, Arlington, and Darrington commu-nities following the devastating State Route 530 mudslide in 2014. Throughout his tenure, Mayor Haggerton has served on multiple regional and na-tional boards and always carried out his job with a passion for and commit-ment to helping others. 
As our constituents in Washington 
State know, Mr. Haggerton had a gen-uine interest in learning about the issues facing those he was elected to serve. He has been an integral leader in Tukwila and played a critical role in shaping the city’s history. I have no doubt that Mr. Haggerton’s work in Tukwila and the greater Puget Sound region will have a lasting impact on generations for years to come. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, to-
gether Senator C
ANTWELL and I com-
mend Mayor Haggerton for his long- standing dedication to public service. Over the past 30 years, Mayor Haggerton has always been an unwav-ering partner for the citizens of Tukwila, available with a friendly smile and positive attitude. We express our sincere gratitude, respect, and ap-preciation to Mr. Jim Haggerton for his service to the city and residents of Tukwila, South King County, and the State of Washington and for his friend-ship and partnership as we have worked with him in Washington, DC, on behalf of the people of the great State of Washington. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIEL J. JONES 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to praise today the work of Mr. Daniel Jones, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee staff, who is leaving the Senate tomorrow. 
Many of us enter public service for 
the simple goal of making a difference. After knowing Dan for 9 years, I can say that he is one of the few people working here on Capitol Hill who has helped make history. Without his inde-fatigable work on the Intelligence Committee staff, the Senate report on the CIA’s Detention and Interrogation Program would not have been com-pleted, nor would its executive sum-mary have been released to the public, an effort that led to the recent passage of critically important and long over-due anti-torture legislation. 
Dan came to the Intelligence Com-
mittee in January 2007 from the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, where he served as an intelligence analyst. In his first 2 years on the staff, he played a key role in overseeing counterterror-ism efforts and the FBI’s transition from a pure law enforcement agency to an intelligence agency—a transition that has proven instrumental to the Bureau’s ability to identify and thwart numerous terrorist attacks over the past several years. 
However, his service and focus shift-
ed following the revelation in Decem-ber 2007 that the CIA had previously 
destroyed interrogation videotapes that showed the brutal treatment and questioning of two detainees, Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al- Nashiri. Then-Chairman Jay Rocke-feller assigned Dan and fellow staffer Alissa Starzak to review the CIA cables describing those interrogation sessions. 
For the next several months, Dan worked at his full-time job at the com-mittee while also working nights and weekends at CIA headquarters, poring through the cables. 
The report that he and Alissa pro-
duced in early 2009 was graphic, and it was shocking. It demonstrated in docu-mented fact and in the CIA’s own words treatment by the U.S. Govern-ment that stood in contrast to our val-ues and to what the committee had previously been led to believe. The re-port sparked a comprehensive inves-tigation by the committee, with a 14–1 vote in March 2009, that Dan led and then saw through to its completion. 
While carrying out the investigation 
into the CIA program, Dan also co-led the committee’s investigation into the attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab. Five months later, the committee produced a bipartisan re-port that found 14 specific points of failure that resulted in Abdulmutallab being able to board the flight and at-tempt to detonate his explosive device at the direction of al-Qaida in the Ara-bian Peninsula. The report also made both classified and unclassified rec-ommendations to improve our counter-terrorism efforts. 
But back to the investigation on the 
CIA Detention and Interrogation Pro-gram—to say that Dan worked dili-gently on this study is a gross under-statement. He, along with other com-mittee staff, worked day and night, often 7 days a week, from 2009 through December 2012. He became an expert in one of the most unfortunate activities in the history of our intelligence com-munity, going through more than 6 million pages of materials produced for the study, as well as immersing himself in the anti-torture provisions in U.S. law, as well as human rights materials, and the background of other similar historic Senate investigations. Throughout this period, Dan regularly briefed me on the team’s findings. Each time, I noted the obvious toll that this was taking on him physically, but he always remained committed to con-cluding the report. 
From the end of 2012 through the end 
of 2014, Dan stewarded the report through two bipartisan committee votes, a lengthy period of review and meetings with the CIA, and an 8-month long redaction review leading to the re-lease of the executive summary of the study on December 9, 2014. He then played a key role in enacting reforms following the release of the executive summary, in particular the passage of a provision in this year’s National De-fense Authorization Act that will pre-
vent the future use of coercive interro-gation techniques or indefinite, secret detention in the future. 
While Dan is known most for his 
leadership on the CIA detention and in-terrogation review, his public service doesn’t end there. Before his Federal service, Dan taught for Teach for America in an inner-city school in Bal-timore, MD, and he has served on the board of his alma mater, Elizabethtown College. His dedication to service is also demonstrated by his two master’s degrees, a master’s of public policy from the Kennedy School of Govern-ment and a master’s of arts in teaching from Johns Hopkins. 
I want to use this opportunity to 
thank Dan Jones for his indispensable work over the past 9 years and to wish him the very best as he moves on to fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEFFRICH ‘‘TIM’’ 
MAYO, SR. 
Mr. SESSIONS: Mr. President, today 
I wish to say goodbye to one of the great members of the staff of this insti-tution, Leffrich ‘‘Tim’’ Mayo, an excep-tional individual with a deep devotion to the Senate, who retired from service on December 3, 2015, after over 35 years of service. 
Tim, who some called ‘‘Mayo’’, began 
working at the U.S. Capitol in May of 1979 as a bus boy in the Senators dining room on the recommendation of a friend, the late Lawrence Green. Fol-lowing that position, he held many po-sitions in the Russell Building coffee shop, Senate labor division, and finally in the Architect of the Capitol’s fur-niture division. 
Tim really enjoyed working with 
Senators and their staff. He was excep-tional at finding the perfect pieces of furniture that would fit the needs of Members and staff alike. If he knew you were looking for something in par-ticular, he would search the ware-houses until he found it. He knew every office and their styles and needs. 
Tim would always greet you with a 
smile and a big hello. He was willing to help others no matter what the task or situation. Nothing was too challenging or difficult for him. He got great pleas-ure out of meeting new staff, visitors, and people from all over the world. 
We will all miss Tim’s smiling face 
and eager assistance in the Halls of the Senate, but also wish him the best as he moves on to bigger and better things in his retirement. Thank you, Mayo. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I want 
to recognize Rick Young, a proud vet-eran from Forsyth, MT. Montana is blessed with a rich legacy of service, and it is my honor to recognize not only Rick’s service to our country, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.052 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8375 December 3, 2015 
his work to make quality health care 
accessible for all Montana veterans. 
Rick proudly served our country as a 
marine from January 1971 to January 1975. Unfortunately, his current illness requires constant care and attention. His wife, Sharon, long served as his pri-mary round-the-clock caretaker and was confined to their home due to Rick’s condition, which required an ex-ternal ventilator to breathe at all times. Eventually his needs surpassed his ability to stay home, and he had to move into a long-term care facility. 
While Rick was still at home, the 
Rosebud Health Care Center, RHCC, fa-cility initiated a contract with the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, VA, to be able to provide care and services to veterans in its long-term care unit. The previous aging and resource center for Rosebud County was in Glendive, MT, about 1 hour and 40 minutes away from Rick’s home in Forsyth, MT. Thankfully, RHCC received approval from the VA to provide care services close to home for Rick on November 1, 2015. 
Rick’s persistence and advocacy 
throughout his illness helped serve as the catalyst for RHCC establishing a contract with the VA that allows for veterans to receive long-term care in Forsyth. Our State has one of the larg-est populations of veterans per capita, and Rick’s efforts have led the VA to create additional resources to help to provide health care services to Mon-tana’s extensive veteran population. 
I am so proud to have advocates like 
Rick and Sharon fighting for veterans in Montana. Through his inspiring work to increase veterans’ access to care, Rick Young has created an unmatchable legacy that will leave a lasting mark on our State. Keep fight-ing, Rick. I am rooting for you. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAYOR JOE RILEY 
∑Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak today about Mayor Joe Riley, who is retiring after decades of service to the people of Charleston, SC. 
Simply put, Joe Riley is one of the 
best mayors in America and a living legend in South Carolina political his-tory. He is a hard-working, dedicated public servant who has spent most of his adult life serving the people of Charleston. I have never known anyone who loves their job more than he. 
Years ago, Mayor Riley came into of-
fice with a vision for Charleston, but like all great leaders, he understood he couldn’t do it alone. He went to work doing what he does best—bringing peo-ple together for the common good. 
Now, as he retires from serving as 
mayor of the city he loves, the revital-ization of this historic city is abso-lutely stunning. Thanks to his years of service, Charleston is now recognized as one of the best destinations to visit, not only in the United States but in the world. 
Joe Riley will go down in history as 
a transformative mayor who turned his vision for Charleston into reality. We 
are all better because of his service. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL KOESTER 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Paul Koester on his retirement after over 41 years of service to the U.S. Air Force. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of dedication to protecting our country and our State. 
Mr. Koester grew up in Colorado 
Springs, CO, and later enlisted in the U.S. Air Force in 1974 with the inten-tion of serving 4 years as a jet engine mechanic. During his time in basic training, he decided to change course and test to become a pararescue air-man. After successfully passing his training, he spent the next 4 years at Elmendorf Air Force Base in Alaska as part of the 71st Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron. During his time serving in this squadron, he was cred-ited with saving over 75 lives. 
From 1980 to 1986, Mr. Koester served 
at McClellan Air Force Base in Cali-fornia and Little Rock Air Force Base in Arkansas. He soon after decided to join the Air National Guard. For the next 16 years, Mr. Koester served in the 102nd Rescue Squadron at Francis S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base in New York. On September 11, 2001, Mr. Koester and his squadron assisted as first responders during the collapse of the World Trade Center, aiding in sav-ing the lives of many victims of the at-tack. His bravery and selflessness dur-ing this time of crisis will never be for-gotten. 
Three weeks later, Mr. Koester was 
deployed to the border of Kuwait and Iraq to serve as part of Operation Southern Watch. Following his return from this mission, Mr. Koester made the decision to resume Active Duty and was sent to Nellis Air Force Base in 2003 as part of the 58th Rescue Squad-ron. He concluded his service with this unit after 12 years of service. At his 60th birthday celebration, Mr. Koester was recognized as the oldest enlisted member actively serving in the Air Force and the longest serving pararescue airman with 13 deployments throughout his career. Our country and the Silver State are fortunate to have had someone of such dedication serving to protect our freedoms. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I have had no greater honor than the opportunity to engage with the men and women who served in our Nation’s military. I rec-ognize Congress has a responsibility not only to honor the brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to en-sure they are cared for when they re-turn home. I remain committed to up-holding this promise for veterans like Mr. Koester in Nevada and throughout the Nation. 
Mr. Koester has demonstrated profes-
sionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards of the U.S. Air Force. I am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan, and I ask 
my colleagues to join me today in rec-ognizing Mr. Koester for his years of service and in congratulating him on his retirement. I wish him well in all of his future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING BILL LANDON 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Bill Landon on re-ceiving the 2015 Air and Surface Trans-port Nurses Association Lynn Stevens Excellence in Safety Award. It gives me great pleasure to see him receive this prestigious award after years of hard work within northern Nevada. 
In 1998, Mr. Landon began his air am-
bulance career in Greeley, CO. In 2003, he joined Care Flight in Reno and has since served as safety and training co-ordinator and flight paramedic. During his time at Care Flight, he has been a key contributor in the founding of a formalized safety committee, which meets twice a month and is comprised of medical flight staff pilots, air com-munication specialists, managers, and maintenance personnel. This important committee, chaired by Mr. Landon, works to review, develop, and imple-ment safety initiatives for Care Flight and those that it serves. As chair, Mr. Landon spearheads important safety trainings, including an annual training for hospital emergency departments, pre-hospital agencies, and ski patrols servicing a 40,000 square mile area. His unwavering dedication to Care Flight in Reno has helped provide hundreds of hours of safety and medical training needed to save lives throughout north-ern Nevada. His work for our State is invaluable. 
The Lynn Steven’s Excellence in 
Safety Award goes to individuals who have gone above and beyond in the transportation community to promote safety awareness. This accolade is truly prestigious and attained by only the most influential members in this community. Since 1981, Care Flight has served northern Nevada’s health orga-nizations as an important resource for transportation with flight paramedics and pilots to respond to a variety of medical emergencies. Our State is for-tunate to have someone like Mr. Landon serving Care Flight and its safety initiatives. 
Throughout his tenure, Mr. Landon 
has demonstrated professionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedica-tion to his trade. I am honored by his service and am proud to call him a fel-low Nevadan. Today, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Landon on receiving this award, and I extend my deepest appreciation for all that he has done for many across northern Nevada. I offer him my best wishes in his role as safety and training coordinator in the future. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KRISTI BLACKLER 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Kristi Blackler, an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.033 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8376 December 3, 2015 
intern in my Washington, DC, office, 
for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Kristi is a graduate of Stevens High 
School in Rapid City, SD. Currently, she is attending the University of South Dakota, where she is majoring in international studies and political science. She is a positive and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Kristi for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SOPHIE DOEDEN 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Sophie Doeden, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Sophie is a graduate of Beresford 
High School in Beresford, SD. Cur-rently, she is attending Northern State University in Aberdeen, SD, where she is majoring in political science and minoring in history and economics. She is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of her internship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Sophie for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. JOHN A. 
KNAUSS 
∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
recently the oceans lost one of their greatest champions. With the passing of Dr. John A. Knauss, Rhode Island has lost a beloved teacher, a visionary leader, and a brilliant scientist. We will all miss him a great deal. 
John’s accomplishments are too 
many to list, but I will note a few. 
In 1966, Dr. Knauss was named to the 
Commission on Marine Science, Engi-neering, and Resources, where he and his colleagues recommended that Con-gress form a new and independent Fed-eral agency to advance marine and at-mospheric sciences and better under-stand our oceans, coastlines, and Great Lakes. That agency became the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, which conducts some of the most important ocean science in the world and where John served as Ad-ministrator from 1989 to 1993. 
Along with Rhode Island Senator 
Claiborne Pell and Dr. Athelstan Spilhaus, Dr. Knauss developed the Na-tional Sea Grant College Program. Their model was the country’s land grant college system—century-old cen-ters of learning that promote better use of America’s vast resources of land. Pell and Knauss thought that surely our oceans and Great Lakes needed a similar network of institutions to con-duct coastal and marine science and promote conservation of such impor-
tant natural assets. 
Congress agreed. In 2016, Sea Grant 
will celebrate 50 years of good work on behalf of our oceans and Great Lakes. In recognition of his vision and leader-ship in forming Sea Grant, NOAA named one of its most prestigious fel-lowships in his honor—the NOAA Sea Grant John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship. Every year, around 50 of the Nation’s top graduate and post-graduate students are selected for Knauss fellowships to spend a year working on marine and coastal policy issues for the Federal agencies and con-gressional offices in Washington, DC. Two Knauss fellows, Adena Leibman and Anna-Marie Laura, have worked in my Senate office, helping shape na-tional oceans policy. 
But perhaps his most significant 
achievement is the Graduate School of Oceanography, GSO, at the University of Rhode Island. John founded the GSO in 1962, served as its dean for over 25 years, and built it into an inter-national leader in marine research. Today, sitting atop a bluff overlooking Rhode Island’s beautiful Narragansett Bay, the GSO is home to 41 faculty and 170 graduate students engaged in cut-ting-edge oceanographic science and pursuing degrees across a range of spe-cialties, including the country’s first marine affairs and ocean engineering programs. It is a true Rhode Island treasure, one we should continue in-vesting in, and a testament to Dean Knauss’s leadership and commitment to our oceans. 
Easily lost among his accomplish-
ments in founding and leading ocean research institutions are his personal contributions to oceanography. In his dissertation for the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, John was the first to make comprehensive measurements of the Pacific Equatorial Undercurrent—a current that runs for thousands of miles beneath the surface of the Pa-cific Ocean. He later discovered an-other major current in the Indian Ocean. 
John will be remembered for his 
collegiality and gift for collaboration among the administrators, faculty, students, and other researchers and ocean-minded professionals that he touched. Like the currents he studied, connecting vast oceans in one system, the institutions and programs he cre-ated and led bind together leading minds in ocean science, bettering our understanding of our ocean world and how important it is to us. 
I offer my and Sandra’s condolences 
to the Knauss family, to the marine 
science community, and to the count-less people John Knauss taught, mentored, and inspired through the years. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS  
SIGNED  
At 9:32 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill and joint resolutions: 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S.J. Res. 23. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
S.J. Res. 24. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Generating Units’’. 
The enrolled bill and joint resolu-
tions were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 10:34 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the report of the committee of con-ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House of Representatives to the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
The message also announced that the 
House insists upon its amendment to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade fa-cilitation and trade enforcement func-tions and activities, and for other pur-poses, agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and on De-cember 2, 2015, appoints Mr. B
RADY of 
Texas, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
LEVIN, and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, as managers of the con-ference on the part of the House. 
At 1:55 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the report of the committee of con-ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Fed-eral-aid highways, highway safety pro-grams, and transit programs, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 2359. A bill to restore Second Amend-
ment rights in the District of Columbia. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, December 3, 2015, she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.005 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8377 December 3, 2015 
had presented to the President of the 
United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3641. A communication from the Chair, 
Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the 2014 Annual Report of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC); to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3642. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Special Regulations, Areas of the Na-tional Park System, Lake Chelan National Recreation Area, Solid Waste Disposal’’ (RIN1024–AE09) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–3643. A communication from the Chief 
of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Delmarva Peninsula Fox Squirrel From the List of Endangered and Threatened Wild-life’’ (RIN1018–AY83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3644. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Increase in De Minimis Safe Harbor Limit for Taxpayers Without an Applicable Financial Statement’’ (Notice 2015–82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Finance . 
EC–3645. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Additional Rules Regarding Inversions and Related Trans-actions’’ (Notice 2015–79) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3646. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Publication of the Tier 2 Tax Rates’’ (Railroad Retirement Tax Act sections 3201(b), 3221(b), and 3211(b)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3647. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interim Guidance Regarding Certain Provisions of the Pro-posed Regulations Relating to Qualified ABLE Programs’’ (Notice 2015–81) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-
nance. 
EC–3648. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0150—2015–0165); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3649. A communication from Director, 
Office of Government Relations, Corporation for National and Community Service, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Prin-ciples, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ (RIN3045–AA61) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3650. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–049); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3651. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–060); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3652. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Agriculture, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3653. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator, Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Administration’s fiscal year 2015 Agency Fi-nancial Report; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3654. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Privacy Of-fice 2015 Annual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3655. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Pay and Leave, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘General Sched-ule Locality Pay Areas’’ (RIN3206–AM88) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3656. A communication from the Board 
Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on the Sta-tus of Audits for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3657. A communication from the Chief 
Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the period of April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015, and the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation’s response; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3658. A communication from the Chief 
Executive Officer, Corporation for National and Community Service, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Semiannual Report of the 
Inspector General and the Corporation for National and Community Service’s Response and Report on Final Action for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3659. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3660. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator of the General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administrator’s Semiannual Management Report to Congress for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3661. A communication from the Acting 
Administrator of the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3662. A communication from the Chair-
man, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3663. A communication from the Chair-
woman of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3664. A communication from the Direc-
tor, U.S. Trade and Development Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3665. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, a report of proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Servicemembers Legislative Package’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–3666. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–092); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3667. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–106); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3668. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–2461)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3669. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–4207)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.026 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8378 December 3, 2015 
EC–3670. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-
ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–4205)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3671. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0498)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3672. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0649)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3673. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0454)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3674. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0593)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3675. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Missouri Towns: Chillicothe, MO; Cuba, MO; Farmington, MO; Lamar, MO; Mountain View, MO; Nevada, MO; and Poplar Bluff, MO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 0842)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3676. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s eleventh annual report on ethanol market concentration; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3677. A communication from the Chief 
of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Amendment to List of Field Of-fices: Expansion of San Ysidro, California Port of Entry to include the Cross Border Xpress User Fee facility’’ (CBP Dec. 15–17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–108. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Michigan urging the President of the United States and United States Congress and the United States Office of Management and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and approve the United States Army Corps of Engineers’ reprogram-ming request to fund an Economic Reevalua-tion Report for replacing the Davis and Sabin locks; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 105 
Whereas, The Soo Locks at Sault Ste. 
Marie, Michigan, are of the utmost impor-tance to Michigan and play a critical role in our nation’s economy and security. Each year, approximately 10,000 Great Lakes ves-sels, carrying 80 million tons of iron ore, coal, grain, and other cargo, safely and effi-ciently traverse the locks. Nearly 80 percent of domestic iron ore, the primary material used to manufacture steel, travels from mines in Minnesota and Michigan’s Upper Peninsula through the Soo Locks; and 
Whereas, Only one of the four Soo Locks is 
large enough to accommodate the modern vessels that commonly traverse the Great Lakes. Seventy percent of cargo is carried on these large ships that can only pass through the Poe Lock. The remainder of cargo goes through the smaller MacArthur Lock, with the smallest 100-year-old Davis and Sabin locks rarely used; and 
Whereas, The reliance on one lock poses a 
serious risk to national security and the economies of the state of Michigan and the United States. A long-term outage of the Poe Lock due to lock failure or terrorist attack could cripple the economy and disrupt steel production in the United States. It is esti-mated that a 30-day outage would result in economic losses of $160 million; and 
Whereas, Upgrades to the Soo Locks are 
needed to ensure national security and un-fettered commerce through the Great Lakes. To this end, the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers has requested funding to conduct a study crucial to moving forward with the construction of a second, large lock. The Economic Reevaluation Report would exam-ine the economic benefits and costs of re-placing the Davis and Sabin locks with a lock similar in size to the current Poe Lock: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate , That we encourage 
the President and Congress of the United States and the U.S. Office of Management and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and approve the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers’ reprogramming request to fund an Economic Reevaluation Report for replacing the Davis and Sabin locks; and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the members of the Michigan congressional delegation, and the Director of the U.S. Office of Manage-ment and Budget. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1704. A bill to amend the Indian Tribal 
Justice Act to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–172). 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
H.R. 2820. A bill to reauthorize the Stem 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 2136. A bill to establish the Regional 
SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: 
S. 2347. A bill to extend temporarily the ex-
tended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. L EE, and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): 
S. 2348. A bill to implement the use of 
Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the in-nocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 2349. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require the annual re-porting of data on enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2350. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for full expens-ing of tangible property; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ISAKSON: 
S. 2351. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 2352. A bill to amend the Child Abuse 
Prevention and Treatment Act to require mandatory reporting of incidents of child abuse or neglect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Ms. C
ANTWELL ): 
S. 2353. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the incentives for biodiesel; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. 
K
ING): 
S. 2354. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to em-ployers who provide paid family and medical leave, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 2355. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act to clarify Federal law with re-spect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.029 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8379 December 3, 2015 
agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. C
OT-
TON): 
S. 2356. A bill to amend the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to require an electronic communication service provider that generates call detail records pursuant to an order under that Act to notify the At-torney General if the provider intends to re-tain such records for a period less than 18 months; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2357. A bill to extend temporarily the ex-
tended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ): 
S. 2358. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out a pilot program to work with mu-nicipalities that are seeking to develop and implement integrated plans to meet waste-water and stormwater obligations under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2359. A bill to restore Second Amend-
ment rights in the District of Columbia; read the first time. 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
C
OATS , Mr. H ATCH , and Mrs. E RNST ): 
S.J. Res. 26. A joint resolution to authorize 
the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and its associated forces; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. 
INHOFE ): 
S. Res. 326. A resolution celebrating the 
135th anniversary of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Romania; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. L EAHY , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. R EED, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Mr. K AINE, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
CARPER , Mr. K ING, Mr. T ESTER , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ): 
S. Res. 327. A resolution condemning vio-
lence that targets healthcare for women; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mrs. 
C
APITO ): 
S. Res. 328. A resolution supporting the De-
cember 3, 2015, National Day of Remem-brance for victims of drunk and drugged driving and for victims of the consequences of underage drinking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 236 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
236, a bill to amend the Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 to create an expedited pro-cedure to enact recommendations of the Government Accountability Office 
for consolidation and elimination to reduce duplication. 
S. 290 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 290, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 865 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 865, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 871 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 871, a bill to provide for an ap-plication process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, and for other purposes. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 942 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. MORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
942, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a deduc-tion from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations. 
S. 1127 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1127, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the de-nial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1315 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1315, a bill to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to trans-port knives interstate, notwith-standing a patchwork of local and State prohibitions. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1333, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of mari-huana, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1668 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1668, a bill to restore long- standing United States policy that the Wire Act prohibits all forms of Internet gambling, and for other purposes. 
S. 1698 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1698, a bill to exclude pay-ments from State eugenics compensa-tion programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1874, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 1909 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1909, a bill to protect communities from destructive Federal overreach by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 1919, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\S03DE5.REC S03DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8380 December 3, 2015 
bill to amend the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with regard to re-quirements for coverage of specific items and services, to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to prohibit cer-tain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 2006 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2006, a bill to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guid-ance documents. 
S. 2022 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2022, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amount of special pension for Medal of Honor recipients, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2123, a bill to reform sen-tencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2170 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of tele-medicine, and for other purposes. 
S. 2275 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2275, a bill to provide for automatic acquisition of United States citizenship for certain internationally adopted individuals, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2337 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from 
Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) and the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2337, a bill to im-prove homeland security by enhancing the requirements for participation in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2344 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the 
names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ), the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. B URR), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ), the Senator 
from Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ) and the 
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
2344, a bill to provide authority for ac-cess to certain business records col-lected under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 prior to No-
vember 29, 2015, to make the authority for roving surveillance, the authority to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers, and title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 permanent, and to modify the certification requirements for access to telephone toll and transactional records by the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G RASS -
LEY) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2876 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. C ASEY ) and the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2876 proposed to H.R. 3762, a bill to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to sec-tion 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2884 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2884 proposed to H.R. 3762, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
At the request of Mr. M
CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 2884 pro-posed to H.R. 3762, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2886 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Senator 
from California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) and 
the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 2886 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 3762, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Ms. C ANTWELL ): 
S. 2353. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the incentives for biodiesel; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
today I am introducing the Biodiesel Tax Incentive Reform and Extension Act of 2015. I am pleased to be joined by Senator C
ANTWELL . Our bill will mod-
ify the biodiesel fuel blenders credit to a domestic production credit, and ex-tend the credit through 2018. 
Congress created the biodiesel tax in-
centive in 2005. As a result of this in-centive, and the Renewable Fuel 
Standard, biodiesel is providing signifi-cant benefits to the nation. Domestic biodiesel production supports tens of thousands of jobs. Replacing tradi-tional diesel with biodiesel reduces emissions and creates cleaner air. 
Homegrown biodiesel improves our 
energy security by diversifying our transportation fuels and reducing our dependence on foreign oil. Biodiesel itself is a very diverse fuel. It can be produced from a wide array of re-sources such as recycled cooking oil, soybean and other plant oils, and ani-mal fats. 
Senator C
ANTWELL and I have been 
advocating for years a modification to the current incentive. We have pro-posed making the credit available for the domestic production of biodiesel, rather than a mixture credit available to the blender of the fuel, going back to 2009. 
The bill we are introducing today is 
similar to an amendment that I offered with Senator C
ANTWELL during consid-
eration of the tax extenders package in the Senate Finance Committee in July of this year. Our biodiesel reform amendment passed unanimously by voice vote. 
Converting to a producer credit im-
proves the incentive in many ways. The blenders credit can be difficult to administer, because the blending of the fuel can occur at many different stages of the fuel distribution. This can make it difficult to ensure that only fuel that qualifies for the credit claims the incentive It has been susceptible to abuse because of this. 
A credit for domestic production will 
also ensure that we are incentivizing the domestic industry, rather than sub-sidizing imported biofuels. It’s pro-jected that imports from Argentina, Singapore, the European Union, South Korea and others could exceed 1.5 bil-lion gallons over this year and next. 
We should not provide a U.S. tax-
payer benefit to imported biofuels. By restricting the credit to domestic pro-duction, we will also save taxpayer money. The amendment adopted in the Finance Committee is estimated to re-duce the cost of the extension by $90 million. 
Importantly, modifying the credit 
will have little to no impact on the consumer. Much of the credit will con-tinue to be passed on to the blender and ultimately, the consumer. Addi-tionally, the U.S. biodiesel industry is currently operating at only 60 percent of capacity. The domestic biodiesel in-dustry has the capacity and access to affordable feedstocks to meet the de-mand of U.S. consumers. 
It is my understanding that rep-
resentatives from the House and Sen-ate, along with the White House, are currently meeting to finalize a tax ex-tender package before the end of the year. I strongly urge them to maintain 
the Senate position, and include the biodiesel reform policies that were adopted in the Senate Finance Com-mittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.036 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8381 December 3, 2015 
This modification will ensure that 
the credit is doing what Congress in-tended—incentivizing investment in domestic biodiesel production. Surely, House and Senate leaders recognize that we should not be providing a U.S. taxpayer subsidy to already heavily subsidized foreign biodiesel imports. 
I therefore urge my colleagues to 
support this common-sense, cost reduc-tion modification. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 326—CELE-
BRATING THE 135TH ANNIVER-SARY OF DIPLOMATIC RELA-TIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND ROMANIA 
Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. I NHOFE ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 326 
Whereas the United States established dip-
lomatic relations with Romania in June 1880; 
Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Romania strive to continually improve cooperation between government leaders and strengthen the two countries’ strategic partnership, focusing on the polit-ical-military relationship, law-enforcement collaboration, trade and investment opportu-nities, and energy security; 
Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Romania are committed to sup-porting human rights, advancing the rule of law, democratic governance, economic growth, and freedom; 
Whereas Romania joined the North Atlan-
tic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 2004, and has established itself as a resolute ally of both the United States and strong NATO member; 
Whereas the Government of Romania con-
tinues to improve its military capabilities, and has repeatedly demonstrated its willing-ness to provide forces and assets in support of operations that address the national secu-rity interests of the United States and all NATO members, including deployments to Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Kosovo; 
Whereas, in 2011, the United States and Ro-
mania issued the ‘‘Joint Declaration on Strategic Partnership for the 21st Century Between the United States of America and Romania,’’ reflecting increasing cooperation between our countries to promote security, democracy, free market opportunities, and cultural exchange; 
Whereas the United States and Romania 
signed a ballistic missile defense (BMD) agreement in 2011, allowing the deployment of United States personnel, equipment, and anti-missile interceptors to Romania; 
Whereas, in October 2014, the United States 
Navy formally launched Naval Support Fa-cility Deveselu to achieve the goals of the 2011 BMD agreement and thus established the first new United States Navy base since 1987; 
Whereas, in September 2015, Romania 
stood up a NATO Force Integration Unit; 
Whereas Romania will host the Alliance’s 
Multinational Division-Southeast head-quarters in Bucharest and commits signifi-cant resources to the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force; 
Whereas Romania has agreed to host com-
ponents of the United States’ European Phased Adaptive Approach missile defense system, which will be operational by the end 
of 2015; and 
Whereas, for the past 25 years, the Govern-
ment of Romania has shown leadership in ad-vancing stability, security, and democratic principles in Central and Eastern Europe, the Western Balkans, and the Black Sea re-gion, especially in the current difficult re-gional context: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) celebrates the 135th anniversary of 
United States-Romanian diplomatic rela-tions; 
(2) congratulates the people of Romania on 
their accomplishments as a great nation; and 
(3) expresses appreciation for Romania’s 
unwavering partnership with the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 327—CON-
DEMNING VIOLENCE THAT TAR-GETS HEALTHCARE FOR WOMEN 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. W ARNER , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. U DALL , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R EED of 
Rhode Island, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. K AINE, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. K ING, Mr. T ESTER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 327 
Whereas the constitutional right of the 
people of the United States to make healthcare decisions about their own bodies was established more than 43 years ago; 
Whereas in Eisenstadt v. Baird, 405 U.S. 438 
(1972), the Supreme Court confirmed the con-stitutional right of all men and women to le-gally access birth control; 
Whereas the Supreme Court decided Roe v. 
Wade, 410 U.S. 113 (1973) 42 years ago and re-affirmed that women have a constitutional right to comprehensive reproductive healthcare; 
Whereas for decades, healthcare providers 
for women and people who access healthcare services for women have been subjected to intimidation, threats, and violence; 
Whereas since 1993, there have been 11 mur-
ders and numerous attempted murders of in-dividuals associated with care provided at health centers for women; 
Whereas since 1977— 
(1) nearly 7,000 violent acts have been re-
ported against providers at health centers for women, including bombings, arsons, death threats, kidnappings, and assaults; and 
(2) more than 190,000 acts of disruption, in-
cluding bomb threats and harassing calls, have been reported; 
Whereas between June and December 2015, 
arson, vandalism, and threats have increased at Planned Parenthood health centers and other health centers for women, including— 
(1) health centers in— 
(A) Aurora, Illinois; 
(B) Pullman, Washington; (C) Louisville, Kentucky; and (D) Claremont, New Hampshire; and 
(2) on November 27, 2015, an attack by a 
gunman at a Planned Parenthood health cen-ter in Colorado Springs, Colorado, in which 3 people were killed and 9 people were injured; Whereas extreme and demonizing rhetoric 
contributes to a climate that is dangerous for individuals who provide or access com-prehensive healthcare services; 
Whereas since more than 40 percent of the 
patients of Planned Parenthood are people of color, people of color are disproportionately impacted by attacks on health centers for women; and 
Whereas over their lifetimes, 1 in 5 women 
in the United States will access healthcare at Planned Parenthood, which— 
(1) in 2013 provided— 
(A) over 1,400,000 emergency contracep-
tion kits; 
(B) nearly 4,500,000 tests and treatments 
for sexually transmitted infections; and 
(C) nearly 900,000 cervical cancer 
screenings and breast exams; 
(2) continues to be the leading reproductive 
healthcare provider in the United States; and 
(3) along with many other reproductive 
health providers, continues to provide ex-pert, quality reproductive healthcare in safe and supportive environments across the country: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) denounces the attacks on healthcare 
centers for women, providers of healthcare for women, and patients; and 
(2) affirms that all women have the right 
to access reproductive healthcare services without fear of violence, intimidation, or harassment. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 328—SUP-
PORTING THE DECEMBER 3, 2015, NATIONAL DAY OF REMEM-BRANCE FOR VICTIMS OF DRUNK AND DRUGGED DRIVING AND FOR VICTIMS OF THE CON-SEQUENCES OF UNDERAGE DRINKING 
Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mrs. 
C
APITO ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 328 
Whereas drunk driving is still a leading 
cause of death and injury on the roadways of the United States and nearly 1 in 3 traffic fa-talities involved alcohol-impaired crashes, according to studies conducted by the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion; 
Whereas, in 2014, there were 9,967 people 
killed in alcohol-impaired crashes, rep-resenting an average of 27 alcohol-impaired driving fatalities every day and 1 alcohol-im-paired driving fatality every 53 minutes; 
Whereas countless victims, survivors, fam-
ilies, and loved ones are left to cope with the aftermath of these terrible crashes; 
Whereas victims and survivors of drunk 
and drugged driving and the consequences of underage drinking are cause for concern; 
Whereas Mothers Against Drunk Driving 
(referred to in this preamble as ‘‘MADD’’) was founded in 1980 and today continues with the mission to end drunk driving, help fight drugged driving, support the victims of these crimes and crashes, and prevent underage drinking; 
Whereas drunk driving deaths have been 
reduced dramatically since 1980, from more 
than 25,000 deaths per year to just under 10,000 in 2014, thanks to efforts from MADD, other community organizations, States, schools, law enforcement agencies, safety technologies and programs, improved laws, and growing public recognition of the risks posed by drunk driving; 
Whereas combating drunk and drugged 
driving is a legislative priority for the Sen-ate in the 114th Congress, advancing a multi- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.039 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8382 December 3, 2015 
year transportation reauthorization bill that 
provides incentives to States to adopt meas-ures to reduce impaired driving and author-izes impaired driving research and develop-ment; 
Whereas, on December 3, 2015, MADD loca-
tions across the United States will honor those individuals killed, injured, or emotion-ally devastated by drunk and drugged driv-ing and underage drinking with a National Day of Remembrance; and 
Whereas the National Day of Remem-
brance is a chance for the public to come to-gether in communities across the United States and online to show that the victims and survivors of these senseless tragedies are not alone: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) honors the victims of drunk and 
drugged driving; and 
(2) recognizes the consequences of underage 
drinking on the first annual National Day of Remembrance. 
f 
S. RES. 328 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, no family 
should lose a loved one to a drunk driv-er. But, sadly, so many families do— every day, every month, every year. It happens in my State. It happens all across our Nation. It is tragic, it is senseless, and it must stop. 
Last weekend, according to the Albu-
querque Journal, police reported that an ‘‘extremely intoxicated’’ driver ran a red light and smashed into the car of three young people. 
Robert Mendez was 27 years old. His 
brother Sergio Mendez-Aguirre was 23, and their friend Grace Sinfield was 20. 
The violence of the collision was so 
great that their car flipped over. They died early Sunday morning—at the end of the Thanksgiving weekend. The po-lice investigation continues. But this much is certain: A holiday that began in joy—for these families—ended in great sorrow. 
Sergio Mendez-Aguirre graduated 
from the University of New Mexico with honors in chemistry. Robert Mendez was a student at UNM. Grace Sinfield was studying to be a writer. 
Our hearts go out to the Mendez and 
Sinfield families. These young people were just beginning, just starting out in life, and just finding their way. 
Robert Mendez’s family remembers 
how he believed that, ‘‘Fear is every-one’s number one enemy. Take chances, make mistakes, and learn from them. After all, we grow from ex-perience. Life is too short to live tim-idly.’’ 
The Albuquerque Journal reported 
that Sergio Mendez-Aguirre once asked, ‘‘What can make you more happy than making others happy?’’ His answer was, ‘‘Nothing can.’’ 
Grace Sinfield’s family spoke of her 
great spirit. ‘‘She was a true friend who taught us how to love uncondi-tionally; she was the life of every party. She attracted laughter like she was a magnet. Just as important and relevantly, she was always responsible and by proxy made those around her more responsible and better people.’’ 
Three young lives—full of promise— 
and now over in one terrible moment— they will be missed by so many in Al-
buquerque. 
Every DWI death is a tragedy—and 
an unnecessary tragedy. It doesn’t have to happen. But, year after year, for too many families, it does. More than 10,000 people are killed every year, and another 290,000 are injured, all as a result of drunk driving. 
Those are horrific numbers, but they 
are more than just numbers. They are stories of profound loss and should out-rage us all. In years past, it was even worse. In 1980, 25,000 people—two and one-half times more people than now— died because of drunk driving—25,000 people, in 1 year. 
We are making progress thanks to 
determined families and law enforce-ment and thanks to groups like Moth-ers Against Drunk Driving. I am proud to work with them. But we still have work to do. There are 10,000 families— every year—to remind us—10,000 fami-lies in grief, in pain, and all because of drunk driving. No parent should have to grieve a child’s loss on the holi-days—or any day. 
When I was elected attorney general 
in New Mexico 25 years ago, we had the highest rate of DWI deaths in the Na-tion. We were the worst—too many drunk drivers, too many repeat offend-ers, too many innocent people dying every year. 
We pushed for reform. We identified 
solutions—in law enforcement and in prevention. But there was a lot of push back, a lot of opposition in the State legislature. And then along came a mom named Nadine Milford. Her daughter and granddaughters were killed by a drunk driver on Christmas Eve 1992. It is hard to imagine such a loss. 
So we changed New Mexico’s DWI 
and traffic safety laws. We got it done because of moms like Nadine, because of families and friends who had had enough and would not take no for an answer. 
In the early 1990s, my State had up to 
500 DWI deaths a year. Last year, it was 166. But that is still 166 too many. We still lose too many innocent lives— young and old alike—in New Mexico and all across our Nation. 
I believe new technology will help. 
That is why I have pushed for the Driv-er Alcohol Detection System for Safe-ty, or DADSS. This technology is criti-cally important and will make a crit-ical difference. We all know this. The National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration knows it. The auto indus-try knows it. And they are working to-gether to make it happen. 
DADSS would be built into new vehi-
cles. It would analyze a driver’s breath or blood alcohol content. It would stop drunk drivers from turning on the en-gine. If you are drunk, you will not drive, period. 
This could save 59,000 lives over 15 
years. It could save up to $343 billion. The highway bill includes continued funding for DADSS research over the next 5 years. I am grateful the con-ference committee supported this vital 
technology. 
But technology alone is not enough. 
In the meantime, the message should be loud and clear. Anyone who gets be-hind the wheel while impaired should 
not drive. 
That is why I also urge passage of a 
resolution I am submitting—sup-porting the December 3, 2015, National Day of Remembrance for victims of drunk and drugged driving. We want to say to their families—we have not for-gotten them. We remember. We will do all we can to prevent these tragedies. 
There are still far too many, far too 
often. In the time I have been speak-ing, two more people have been injured in a drunk driving crash. Every hour, another life is taken. 
We all have to say—enough is 
enough. We have to keep saying it— until every single person in this coun-try gets the message: If you drink, don’t drive. 
Albuquerque police officer Simon 
Drobik spoke for all of us—when he said, ‘‘Talk to your kids about drink-ing and driving. Share these tragic sto-ries with them so they understand driving is a big responsibility. If you see your friend or loved one trying to get behind the wheel after drinking STOP THEM. Do the right thing.’’ 
Officer Drobik is right. We all need to 
do the right thing. Let’s not wait for 10,000 more families to lose their loved ones. 
We have to keep up the fight. Nelson 
Mandela said, ‘‘It always seems impos-sible—until it is done.’’ We can keep drunk drivers off the road. It is not im-possible. We can get it done. 
For the sake of all families, for those 
who grieve now—and for those who may grieve in the future—let’s do all we can. Let’s work together. Let’s stop these senseless tragedies. Let’s get it done. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2891. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
WYDEN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for rec-
onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2892. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2893. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. R EED) pro-
posed an amendment to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra. 
SA 2894. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2895. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.043 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8383 December 3, 2015 
SA 2896. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2897. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2898. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2899. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2900. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2901. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2902. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2903. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2904. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2905. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2906. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2907. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
SANDERS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra. 
SA 2908. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. 
TOOMEY , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2909. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. 
MURPHY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2910. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. 
HIRONO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
WARNER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2911. Mr. COONS (for himself, Ms. 
HIRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. 
KING) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2912. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2913. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2914. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2915. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2916. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2917. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2916 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2918. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Ms. 
STABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2916 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amend-
ment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to 
the bill H.R. 3762, supra. 
SA 2919. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2916 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2874 pro-
posed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2891. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, 
Mr. W YDEN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE 
PREVENTION AND TREATMENT. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF MENTAL HEALTH PAR-
ITY AND ADDICTION EQUITY .—Section 1311(j) of 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18031(j)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY OF MENTAL HEALTH  
PARITY AND ADDICTION EQUITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2726 of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act shall apply to quali-fied health plans in the same manner and to the same extent as such section applies to health insurance issuers and group health plans. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSPARENCY OF CLAIMS DENIAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
quire an Exchange to collect data on the per-centage of health insurance claims denied for mental health benefits and the percent-age of such claims denied for substance use disorder benefits. Such Exchange shall main-tain an Internet website for the publication of claims denial rates for all qualified health plans offering coverage on the exchange. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO SUPPORT TRANSPARENCY .— 
For purposes of implementing this para-graph, there is authorized to be appro-priated, and there is appropriated, $5,000,000 to enable the Secretary to award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to ap-propriate entities or Exchanges. 
‘‘(3) I
MPROVING MENTAL HEALTH AND ADDIC -
TION EQUITY AWARENESS .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to appropriate entities or Ex-changes for the establishment of public edu-cation programs to raise awareness about the availability of mental health and sub-stance use disorder benefits within qualified health plans. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO SUPPORT PUBLIC EDU -
CATION .—For purposes of implementing this 
paragraph, there is authorized to be appro-priated, and there is appropriated, $30,000,000 to enable the Secretary to award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to ap-propriate entities or Exchanges. 
‘‘(4) A
CCESS TO MEDICATION ASSISTED THER -
APY.— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIREMENT .—A qualified health 
plan shall provide coverage for more than one Food and Drug Administration-approved drug that is used in the medication-assisted treatment of addiction. 
‘‘(B) N
O LIFETIME LIMITS .—A qualified 
health plan shall not establish a lifetime limit on the coverage of Food and Drug Ad-ministration-approved drugs used in the medication-assisted treatment of addiction. 
‘‘(C) M
EDICAL JUSTIFICATION FOR TREAT -
MENT LIMITATIONS .—Upon the request of an 
Exchange, a qualified health plan shall pro-vide the medical justification for any treat-ment limitation on the coverage of drugs for medication-assisted treatment of addiction. If a qualified health plan requires prior au-thorization as a treatment limitation on the coverage of drugs for medication-assisted treatment of addiction, such plans shall uti-lize an automated, electronic means of ob-taining prior authorization. 
‘‘(D) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall award 
grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to support the establishment of a standard-ized system for electronic prior authoriza-tion for coverage of drugs for medication as-sisted treatment of addiction. For purposes of implementing this subparagraph, there is authorized to be appropriated, and there is appropriated, $5,000,000 to enable the Sec-retary to ward grants, contracts, or coopera-tive agreements to appropriate entities.’’. 
(b) F
ULL REPEAL OF IMD E XCLUSION IN  
MEDICAID EXPANSION STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The first sentence of sec-
tion 1905 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(29), by inserting ‘‘and 
subsection (ee)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ee) N
ONAPPLICATION OF IMD E XCLUSION IN  
MEDICAID EXPANSION STATES .—Beginning 
January 1, 2016, in the case of a State that makes medical assistance available pursuant to section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) to individ-uals described in such section— 
‘‘(1) the payments exclusion in subsection 
(a)(29)(B) shall not apply to the State; and 
‘‘(2) the following provisions shall be ap-
plied to the State as if ‘65 years of age or older’ and ‘65 years of age or over’ were struck from such provisions each place such phrases appear: 
‘‘(A) Paragraphs (20) and (21) of section 
1902(a). 
‘‘(B) Subsection(a)(14). ‘‘(C) Section 1919(d)(7)(B)(i)(I).’’. 
(c) I
MPROVING ACCESS TO ASSERTIVE COM-
MUNITY TREATMENT PROGRAMS FOR MEDICAID  
BENEFICIARIES .—Effective January 1, 2016, 
section 1903(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(3)) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following: 
‘‘(G)(i) 90 percent of so much of the sums 
expended during such quarter as are attrib-utable to payments made for items and serv-ices provided to individuals who are eligible for medical assistance under the State plan by Assertive Community Treatment (ACT) programs that provide integrated, evidence- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.042 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8384 December 3, 2015 
based treatment, rehabilitation, case man-
agement, and support services for individuals with serious mental illness; and’’. 
(d) I
MPROVING ACCESS TO MEDICATION AS-
SISTED TREATMENT FOR MEDICAID BENE-
FICIARIES .—Effective January 1, 2016, section 
1903(a)(3)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(3)(G)), as added by section 3, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(ii) 90 percent of so much of the sums ex-
pended during such quarter as are attrib-utable to payments made for items and serv-ices provided to individuals who are eligible for medical assistance under the State plan by person-centered health homes that are fo-cused on the treatment of substance use dis-orders, offer access to evidence-based behav-ioral health therapies and medication assist-ance treatment, and offer screening and management of co-occurring physical health issues and screening and management of co- occurring mental health issues; and’’. 
(e) S
UPPORTING STATE STERILE SYRINGE EX-
CHANGE PROGRAMS .—Effective January 1, 
2016, section 1903(a)(3)(G) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(3)(G)), as added by section 3 and amended by section 4, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iii) 90 percent of so much of the sums ex-
pended during such quarter as are attrib-utable to payments for sterile syringe ex-change programs (without regard to whether a recipient of items and services under such a program is eligible for medical assistance under the State plan or otherwise has health insurance coverage); plus’’. 
(f) I
MPROVING THE PUBLIC HEALTH RE-
SPONSE TO THE SUBSTANCE USEDISORDER EPI-
DEMIC .— 
(1) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sub-
section to establish a new Substance Use and Mental Health Capacity Expansion Fund (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Fund’’), to be administered through the Department of Health and Human Services, to provide for an expanded and sustained national invest-ment in the prevention and treatment of in-dividuals with substance use disorders and mental illnesses. 
(2) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-
propriated, and there is appropriated, to the Fund, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated— 
(A) for fiscal year 2016, $500,000,000; (B) for fiscal year 2017, $750,000,000; (C) for fiscal year 2018, $1,000,000,000; (D) for fiscal year 2019, $1,250,000,000; (E) for fiscal year 2020, $1,500,000,000; and (F) for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year 
thereafter, $2,500,000,000. 
(3) U
SE OF FUND .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall transfer amounts in the Fund to accounts serving the Block Grants for Prevention and Treatment of Sub-stance Abuse program under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.) and the Block Grants for Community Mental Health Services program under subpart I of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x et seq.). The Fund shall be used to supplement, not supplant, funding that is otherwise allocated to such programs. 
(4) S
TERILE SYRINGE EXCHANGE PROGRAMS .— 
With respect to fiscal year 2016, and each subsequent fiscal year, in the case of a State that operates a sterile syringe exchange pro-gram, the Secretary shall use the funds ap-propriated in this section to increase such State’s allotment under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act for such fiscal year, by 5 percent. 
SEC. ll. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following 
new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-
mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-
CESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.044 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8385 December 3, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. lll . MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after May 8, 2014, 
the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and ‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on May 8, 2014, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 9, 2014,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
SA 2892. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, 
Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. S TA-
BENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to 
the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE 
PREVENTION AND TREATMENT. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF MENTAL HEALTH PAR-
ITY AND ADDICTION EQUITY .—Section 1311(j) of 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18031(j)) is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY OF MENTAL HEALTH  
PARITY AND ADDICTION EQUITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2726 of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act shall apply to quali-fied health plans in the same manner and to the same extent as such section applies to health insurance issuers and group health plans. ‘‘(2) T
RANSPARENCY OF CLAIMS DENIAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
quire an Exchange to collect data on the per-centage of health insurance claims denied for mental health benefits and the percent-age of such claims denied for substance use disorder benefits. Such Exchange shall main-tain an Internet website for the publication of claims denial rates for all qualified health plans offering coverage on the exchange. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO SUPPORT TRANSPARENCY .— 
For purposes of implementing this para-graph, there is authorized to be appro-priated, and there is appropriated, $5,000,000 to enable the Secretary to award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to ap-propriate entities or Exchanges. 
‘‘(3) I
MPROVING MENTAL HEALTH AND ADDIC -
TION EQUITY AWARENESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to appropriate entities or Ex-changes for the establishment of public edu-cation programs to raise awareness about the availability of mental health and sub-stance use disorder benefits within qualified health plans. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO SUPPORT PUBLIC EDU -
CATION .—For purposes of implementing this 
paragraph, there is authorized to be appro-priated, and there is appropriated, $30,000,000 to enable the Secretary to award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to ap-
propriate entities or Exchanges. 
‘‘(4) A
CCESS TO MEDICATION ASSISTED THER -
APY.— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIREMENT .—A qualified health 
plan shall provide coverage for more than one Food and Drug Administration-approved drug that is used in the medication-assisted treatment of addiction. 
‘‘(B) N
O LIFETIME LIMITS .—A qualified 
health plan shall not establish a lifetime limit on the coverage of Food and Drug Ad-ministration-approved drugs used in the medication-assisted treatment of addiction. 
‘‘(C) M
EDICAL JUSTIFICATION FOR TREAT -
MENT LIMITATIONS .—Upon the request of an 
Exchange, a qualified health plan shall pro-vide the medical justification for any treat-ment limitation on the coverage of drugs for medication-assisted treatment of addiction. If a qualified health plan requires prior au-thorization as a treatment limitation on the coverage of drugs for medication-assisted treatment of addiction, such plans shall uti-lize an automated, electronic means of ob-taining prior authorization. 
‘‘(D) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall award 
grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to support the establishment of a standard-ized system for electronic prior authoriza-tion for coverage of drugs for medication as-sisted treatment of addiction. For purposes of implementing this subparagraph, there is authorized to be appropriated, and there is appropriated, $5,000,000 to enable the Sec-retary to ward grants, contracts, or coopera-tive agreements to appropriate entities.’’. 
(b) F
ULL REPEAL OF IMD E XCLUSION IN  
MEDICAID EXPANSION STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The first sentence of sec-
tion 1905 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(29), by inserting ‘‘and 
subsection (ee)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ee) N
ONAPPLICATION OF IMD E XCLUSION IN  
MEDICAID EXPANSION STATES .—Beginning 
January 1, 2016, in the case of a State that makes medical assistance available pursuant to section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) to individ-uals described in such section— 
‘‘(1) the payments exclusion in subsection 
(a)(29)(B) shall not apply to the State; and 
‘‘(2) the following provisions shall be ap-
plied to the State as if ‘65 years of age or older’ and ‘65 years of age or over’ were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.044 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8386 December 3, 2015 
struck from such provisions each place such 
phrases appear: 
‘‘(A) Paragraphs (20) and (21) of section 
1902(a). 
‘‘(B) Subsection(a)(14). ‘‘(C) Section 1919(d)(7)(B)(i)(I).’’. 
(c) I
MPROVING ACCESS TO ASSERTIVE COM-
MUNITY TREATMENT PROGRAMS FOR MEDICAID  
BENEFICIARIES .—Effective January 1, 2016, 
section 1903(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(3)) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following: 
‘‘(G)(i) 90 percent of so much of the sums 
expended during such quarter as are attrib-utable to payments made for items and serv-ices provided to individuals who are eligible for medical assistance under the State plan by Assertive Community Treatment (ACT) programs that provide integrated, evidence- based treatment, rehabilitation, case man-agement, and support services for individuals with serious mental illness; and’’. 
(d) I
MPROVING ACCESS TO MEDICATION AS-
SISTED TREATMENT FOR MEDICAID BENE-
FICIARIES .—Effective January 1, 2016, section 
1903(a)(3)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(3)(G)), as added by section 3, is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(ii) 90 percent of so much of the sums ex-
pended during such quarter as are attrib-utable to payments made for items and serv-ices provided to individuals who are eligible for medical assistance under the State plan by person-centered health homes that are fo-cused on the treatment of substance use dis-orders, offer access to evidence-based behav-ioral health therapies and medication assist-ance treatment, and offer screening and management of co-occurring physical health issues and screening and management of co- occurring mental health issues; and’’. 
(e) S
UPPORTING STATE STERILE SYRINGE EX-
CHANGE PROGRAMS .—Effective January 1, 
2016, section 1903(a)(3)(G) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(3)(G)), as added by section 3 and amended by section 4, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iii) 90 percent of so much of the sums ex-
pended during such quarter as are attrib-utable to payments for sterile syringe ex-change programs (without regard to whether a recipient of items and services under such a program is eligible for medical assistance under the State plan or otherwise has health insurance coverage); plus’’. 
(f) I
MPROVING THE PUBLIC HEALTH RE-
SPONSE TO THE SUBSTANCE USEDISORDER EPI-
DEMIC .— 
(1) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sub-
section to establish a new Substance Use and Mental Health Capacity Expansion Fund (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Fund’’), to be administered through the Department of Health and Human Services, to provide for an expanded and sustained national invest-ment in the prevention and treatment of in-dividuals with substance use disorders and mental illnesses. 
(2) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-
propriated, and there is appropriated, to the Fund, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated— 
(A) for fiscal year 2016, $500,000,000; (B) for fiscal year 2017, $750,000,000; (C) for fiscal year 2018, $1,000,000,000; (D) for fiscal year 2019, $1,250,000,000; (E) for fiscal year 2020, $1,500,000,000; and (F) for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year 
thereafter, $2,500,000,000. 
(3) U
SE OF FUND .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall transfer amounts in the Fund to accounts serving the Block Grants for Prevention and Treatment of Sub-stance Abuse program under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.) and the Block Grants for Community Mental Health Services program under subpart I of part B 
of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x et seq.). The Fund shall be used to supplement, not supplant, funding that is otherwise allocated to such programs. 
(4) S
TERILE SYRINGE EXCHANGE PROGRAMS .— 
With respect to fiscal year 2016, and each subsequent fiscal year, in the case of a State that operates a sterile syringe exchange pro-gram, the Secretary shall use the funds ap-propriated in this section to increase such State’s allotment under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act for such fiscal year, by 5 percent. 
SEC. ll. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. ‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-
scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-
CESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.046 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8387 December 3, 2015 
(b) E XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. lll . MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or ‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after Nov. 30, 
2015, the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic 
partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on Nov. 30, 2015, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before Dec. 1, 2015,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after Nov. 30, 2015. 
SA 2893. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. R EED) 
proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to 
the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . CREDIT FOR DUAL-EARNER FAMI-
LIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart A of part IV of 
subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 25D the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 25E. DUAL-EARNER FAMILIES. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—In the case of 
an eligible taxpayer, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 7 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(1) $10,000, or ‘‘(2) the earned income of the spouse with 
the lower amount of earned income for such taxable year. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The amount of the credit 
allowable under subsection (a) shall be re-duced (but not below zero) by an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount determined under subsection (a) (as deter-mined without regard to this subsection) as the amount of the taxpayer’s excess adjusted gross income bears to $20,000. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) E ARNED INCOME .—The term ‘earned in-
come’ has the same meaning given such term in section 32(c)(2). 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TAXPAYER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible tax-
payer’ means a taxpayer who— 
‘‘(i) files a joint return for the taxable year 
under section 6013, and 
‘‘(ii) has at least 1 qualifying child (as de-
fined in section 152(c)) who has not attained 12 years of age before the close of the taxable year. 
‘‘(3) E
XCESS ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME .—The 
term ‘excess adjusted gross income’ means so much of the eligible taxpayer’s adjusted gross income for the taxable year as exceeds $110,000. 
‘‘(d) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-
able year beginning after 2016, each of the dollar amounts in subsections (a)(1) and (c)(3) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any dollar amount in 
subsection (a)(1) or (c)(3), after being in-creased under paragraph (1), is not a mul-tiple of $1,000, such dollar amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL ELIGIBILITY REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I NDIVIDUAL CLAIMING BENEFITS UNDER  
SECTION 911 .—No credit shall be allowed under 
this section if an individual (or the individ-ual’s spouse) claims the benefits of section 911 for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) N
ON-RESIDENT ALIENS .—No credit shall 
be allowed under this section if an individual (or the individual’s spouse) is a nonresident alien individual for any portion of the tax-able year unless such individual is treated for such taxable year as a resident of the United States for purposes of this chapter by reason of an election under subsection (g) or 
(h) of section 6013. 
‘‘(3) I
DENTIFICATION NUMBER REQUIRE -
MENT .—No credit shall be allowed under this 
section if the eligible taxpayer does not in-clude on the joint return of tax for the tax-able year— 
‘‘(A) the taxpayer identification number of 
the individual and the individual’s spouse, and 
‘‘(B) the name, age, and taxpayer identi-
fication number of any qualifying children. 
‘‘(f) T
AXABLE YEARMUSTBEFULLTAXABLE  
YEAR.—Except in the case of a taxable year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.046 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8388 December 3, 2015 
closed by reason of the death of an indi-
vidual, no credit shall be allowable under this section in the case of a taxable year cov-ering a period of less than 12 months.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 25D the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 25E. Dual-earner families.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. lll . ENHANCEMENT OF THE DEPENDENT 
CARE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NCREASE IN DEPENDENT CARE TAX 
CREDIT .— 
(1) I NCREASE IN INCOMES ELIGIBLE FOR FULL  
CREDIT .—Paragraph (2) of section 21(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE DEFINED .—For 
purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘applica-ble percentage’ means 35 percent reduced (but not below zero) by 1 percentage point for each $5,000 (or fraction thereof) by which 
the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income for the taxable year exceeds $110,000.’’. 
(2) I
NCREASE IN DOLLAR LIMIT ON AMOUNT  
CREDITABLE .—Subsection (c) of section 21 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ in paragraph (1) 
and inserting ‘‘$8,000’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$6,000’’ in paragraph (2) 
and inserting ‘‘$16,000’’. 
(3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 21 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g), and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(f) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-
able year beginning after 2016, the $110,000 amount in subsection (a)(2) and each of the dollar amounts in subsection (c) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘2015’ for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—The amount of any in-
crease under paragraph (1) shall be rounded— 
‘‘(A) for purposes of the dollar amount in 
subsection (a)(2), the nearest multiple of $1,000, and 
‘‘(B) for purposes of the dollar amounts in 
subsection (c), the nearest multiple of $100.’’. 
(b) D
EPENDENT CARETAXCREDIT TOBERE-
FUNDABLE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 21, as amended 
by subsection (a), as section 36C, and 
(B) by moving section 36C, as so redesig-
nated, from subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 to the location imme-diately before section 37 in subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Paragraph (1) of section 23(f) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘36C(e)’’. 
(B) Paragraph (6) of section 35(g) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and in-serting ‘‘36C(e)’’. 
(C) Paragraph (1) of section 36C(a) of such 
Code (as redesignated by paragraph (1)) is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and in-serting ‘‘this subtitle’’. 
(D) Subparagraph (C) of section 129(a)(2) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 36C(e)’’. (E) Paragraph (2) of section 129(b) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 21(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 36C(d)(2)’’. 
(F) Paragraph (1) of section 129(e) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 21(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 36C(b)(2)’’. 
(G) Subsection (e) of section 213 of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and inserting ‘‘section 36C’’. 
(H) Subparagraph (A) of section 6211(b)(4) 
of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. 
(I) Subparagraph (H) of section 6213(g)(2) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and inserting ‘‘section 36C’’. 
(J) Subparagraph (L) of section 6213(g)(2) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 21, 24, or 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24, 32, or 36C,’’. 
(K) Paragraph (2) of section 1324(b) of title 
31, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. 
(L) The table of sections for subpart C of 
part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 36B the following: 
‘‘Sec. 36C. Expenses for household and de-
pendent care services necessary for gainful employment.’’. 
(M) The table of sections for subpart A of 
such part IV of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to section 21. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. lll . FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— ‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. lll . MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON 
EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.045 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8389 December 3, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-
ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of 
this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after November 
30, 2015, the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on Novem-ber 30, 2015, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regu-lations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before December 1, 2015,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after November 30, 2015. 
SA 2894. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES. 
Section 6903 of title 31, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘A pay-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (e), a payment’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) A
LTERNATE PAYMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A unit of general local 
government may opt out of the payment cal-culation that would otherwise apply under subsection (b)(1), by notifying the Secretary of the Interior, by the deadline established by the Secretary of the Interior, of the elec-tion of the unit of general local government to receive an alternate payment amount, as calculated in accordance with the formula established under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) F
ORMULA .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary of the Interior shall establish an alternate payment formula that is based on the estimated forgone property taxes, using a fair market valuation, due to the presence of Federal land within the unit of general local government without raising new revenue.’’. 
SA 2895. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS AND URGENT MENTAL HEALTH NEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, $750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) to award grants to States to address the substance abuse public health crisis or to respond to urgent mental health needs within the State. In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary may give preference to States with an incidence or prevalence of substance use disorders that is substantial relative to other States or to States that identify mental health needs within their communities that are urgent relative to such needs of other States. Funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.045 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8390 December 3, 2015 
appropriated under this subsection shall re-
main available until expended. 
(b) U SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded to a 
State under subsection (a) shall be used for one or more of the following public health- related activities: 
(1) Improving State prescription drug mon-
itoring programs. 
(2) Implementing prevention activities, 
and evaluating such activities to identify ef-fective strategies to prevent substance abuse. 
(3) Training for health care practitioners, 
such as best practices for prescribing opioids, pain management, recognizing potential cases of substance abuse, referral of patients to treatment programs, and overdose preven-tion. 
(4) Supporting access to health care serv-
ices provided by federally certified opioid treatment programs or other appropriate health care providers to treat substance use disorders or mental health needs. 
(5) Supporting initiatives designed to help 
individuals with a substance use disorder achieve and sustain recovery. 
(6) Other public health-related activities, 
as the State determines appropriate, related to addressing the substance abuse public health crisis or responding to urgent mental health needs within the State. 
SA 2896. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. LIMITATION ON REFUGEE ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding chapter 
2 of title IV of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1521 et seq.), refugees who have been nationals of any of the countries listed in subsection (b) are not eligible to re-ceive any assistance under such chapter. 
(b) C
OUNTRIES .—The countries listed in this 
subsection are— 
(1) Afghanistan; (2) Algeria; (3) Bahrain; (4) Bangladesh; (5) Egypt; (6) Eritrea; (7) Indonesia; (8) Iran; (9) Iraq; (10) Jordan; (11) Kazakhstan; (12) Kuwait; (13) Kyrgyzstan; (14) Lebanon; (15) Libya; (16) Mali; (17) Morocco; (18) Nigeria; (19) North Korea; (20) Oman; (21) Pakistan; (22) Palestinian Territories; (23) Qatar; (24) Russia; (25) Saudi Arabia; (26) Somalia; (27) Sudan; (28) Syria; (29) Tajikistan; (30) Tunisia; (31) Turkey; (32) United Arab Emirates; (33) Uzbekistan; and (34) Yemen. SA 2897. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REFUGEE ASSISTANCE. 
Chapter 2 of title IV of the Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1521 et seq.) is repealed. 
SA 2898. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) TANF.—Section 403(a)(5)(v)(I) of the So-
cial Security Act, 42 U.S.C., is amended by inserting ‘‘(excluding individuals who were admitted to the United States as refugees under section 207 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157))’’ after ‘‘individ-uals in the State’’. 
(b) SSI.—Section 1611(a) of the Social Se-
curity Act, 42 U.S.C., is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(ex-cluding individuals who were admitted to the United States as refugees under section 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157))’’ after ‘‘disabled individual’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(ex-cluding individuals who were admitted to the United States as refugees under section 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157))’’ after ‘‘disabled individual’’. 
SA 2899. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE III—HOMELAND SECURITY 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Ex-
tremists Coming Under Refugee Entry Act’’ or the ‘‘SECURE Act’’. 
SEC. 302. ENHANCED REFUGEE SECURITY 
SCREENING. 
(a) R EGISTRATION .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall notify each alien admit-ted as a refugee under section 207 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157) or granted asylum under section 208 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) that the alien, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) shall register with the Department of 
Homeland Security as part of the enhanced screening process described in section 303; and 
(2) shall be interviewed and fingerprinted 
by an official of the Department of Home-land Security. (b) B
ACKGROUND CHECK .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall screen and perform a security review on all individuals seeking asylum or refugee status under section 207 or 208 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157 and 1158) to ensure that such individuals do not present a national secu-rity risk to the United States. 
(c) M
ONITORING .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall monitor individuals granted asylum or admitted as refugees for indications of terrorism. 
(d) R
EPORTS AND CERTIFICATIONS .— 
(1) A NNUAL SCREENING EFFECTIVENESS RE -
PORTS .—Not later than 25 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit a report to Congress that— 
(A) describes the effectiveness with which 
the Department is screening applicants for asylum and refugee status; 
(B) identifies the number of aliens seeking 
asylum or refugee status who were screened and registered during the past fiscal year, broken down by country of origin; 
(C) identifies the number of unfinished or 
unresolved security screenings for aliens de-
scribed in subparagraph (B); 
(D) identifies the number of refugees ad-
mitted to the United States under section 207 or 208 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157 and 1158) who— 
(i) have not yet participated in the en-
hanced screening process required under sec-tion 303(a); or 
(ii) have not been notified by the Secretary 
pursuant to subsection (a); 
(E) identifies the number of aliens seeking 
asylum or refugee status who were deported as a result of information gathered during interviews and background checks conducted pursuant to subsections (a)(2) and (b), broken down by country of origin; and 
(F) indicates whether the enhanced screen-
ing process has been implemented in a man-ner that is overbroad or results in the depor-tation of individuals who pose no reasonable national security threat. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY  
REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall certify to Congress that— 
(A) the requirements described in sub-
sections (a) through (c) have been completed; 
(B) the report required under paragraph (1) 
was timely submitted; and 
(C) all necessary steps have been taken to 
improve the refugee screening process to pre-vent terrorists from threatening national se-curity by gaining admission to the United States by claiming refugee or asylee status and refugee status. 
(e) T
EMPORARY MORATORIUM ON REFUGEE  
ADMISSION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may not approve an application for refugee status under section 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157) and the Secretary of Homeland Security may not ap-prove an application for asylum under sec-tion 208 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) to any na-tional of a high-risk country. 
(2) H
IGH-RISK COUNTRY .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘‘high-risk country’’ means any of the following countries or territories: 
(A) Afghanistan. (B) Algeria. (C) Bahrain. (D) Bangladesh. (E) Egypt. (F) Eritrea. (G) Indonesia. (H) Iran. (I) Iraq. (J) Jordan. (K) Kazakhstan. (L) Kuwait. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.047 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8391 December 3, 2015 
(M) Kyrgyzstan. 
(N) Lebanon. (O) Libya. (P) Mali. (Q) Morocco. (R) Nigeria. (S) North Korea. (T) Oman. (U) Pakistan. (V) Qatar. (W) Russia. (X) Saudi Arabia. (Y) Somalia. (Z) Sudan. (AA) Syria. (BB) Tajikistan. (CC) Tunisia. (DD) Turkey. (EE) United Arab Emirates. (FF) Uzbekistan. (GG) Yemen. (HH) The Palestinian Territories. 
(f) C
ONDITIONS FOR RESUMPTION OF APPROV -
ALS.—The moratorium under subsection (e) 
may be lifted after— 
(1) the Secretary of Homeland Security— (A) submits the reports required under sub-
section (d)(1); 
(B) makes the certifications required in 
subsection (d)(2); and 
(C) certifies to Congress that any backlog 
in screening existing cases from those aliens already approved, or pending approval, has been eliminated; and 
(2) Congress enacts a law to reinstate, 
based upon the information provided, the ap-proval of applications for refugee or asylee status. 
SEC. 303. ADDITIONAL WAITING PERIODS AND SE-
CURITY SCREENINGS FOR NEW VISA APPLICANTS. 
(a) E NHANCED SECURITY SCREENINGS .—The 
Secretary of Homeland Security, in coopera-tion with the Secretary of State, shall en-sure that a new application for a visa to enter the United States is not approved until— 
(1) at least 30 days after such application is 
submitted; and 
(2) after the completion of an enhanced se-
curity screening with respect to the appli-cant. 
(b) V
ISAWAIVER PROGRAM COUNTRIES .—Un-
less otherwise permitted under this title, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coopera-tion with the Secretary of State, shall en-sure that no alien enters the United States until after 30 days of security assessments have been conducted on such alien, regard-less of whether the alien’s country of origin is participating in the Visa Waiver Program established under section 217 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187). 
(c) T
RUSTED TRAVELER EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
sections (a) and (b) or section 4(a), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall accept ap-plications, and may approve qualified appli-cants, for enrollment in the Global Entry trusted traveler program described in section 235.12 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, regardless of the nationality or country of habitual residence of the applicant. 
(2) P
RIORITY .—In review applications for 
enrollment in the Global Entry trusted trav-eler program, the Secretary shall assign pri-ority status in the following order: 
(A) United States citizens. (B) United States legal permanent resi-
dents. 
(C) Citizens of any country that is des-
ignated as a Visa Waiver Program country under section 217(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(c)). 
(D) Aliens that have a documented fre-
quent travel history to and from the United States. 
(E) Applicants not described in subpara-
graphs (A) through (D). (3) U
SE OF FEES .—Fees collected from ap-
plicants for the Global Entry trusted trav-eler program shall be used to pay for the cost of enhanced screening required under this title. 
(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
title may be construed as requiring the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to approve an unqualified or high-risk applicant for enroll-ment in the Global Entry trusted traveler program. 
SEC. 304. ENHANCED SECURITY SCREENING FOR 
HIGHER-RISK VISA APPLICANTS. 
(a) M ORATORIUM ON HIGH-RISK VISAS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity may not approve any application for entry to the United States from an alien who is a national of, or who is applying from, a high-risk country (as defined in section 302(e)) until after— 
(A) the completion of the congressional re-
view process described in subsection (b); and 
(B) the enactment of a law that authorizes 
the termination of the visa moratorium under this subsection. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The visa moratorium 
under paragraph (1) shall not apply to indi-viduals who are enrolled in the Global Entry trusted traveler program. 
(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF SCREENING  
POLICIES .— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly submit a report to Congress cer-tifying that— 
(A) a national security screening process 
has been established and implemented that significantly improves the Federal Govern-ment’s ability to identify security risks posed by aliens from high-risk countries who— 
(i) seek to travel to the United States; or (ii) have been approved for entry to the 
United States; 
(B) the process identified in subparagraph 
(A) requires a 30-day security assessment for each applicant from high-risk countries; 
(C) the national security screening process 
for aliens from high-risk countries will be used to assess the risk posed by applicants from such countries, including a description of such process; 
(D) the screening process identified in sub-
paragraph (A) will be used to assess national security risks posed by aliens who are al-ready in the United States or have been ap-proved to enter the United States; 
(E) the complete biometric entry-exit con-
trol system required under section 110 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Pub-lic Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1221 note) has been fully implemented; 
(F) all necessary steps have been taken to 
prevent the national security vulnerability of allowing individuals to overstay a tem-porary legal status in the United States; and 
(G) a policy has been implemented to re-
move aliens that are identified as having overstayed their period of lawful presence in the United States. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS FOR RESUMPTION OF APPROV -
ALS.—After the certifications required under 
paragraph (1) have been made, Congress may enact a law, based on the information pro-vided, to lift the moratorium described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 305. ONE HUNDRED PERCENT EXIT TRACK-
ING FOR ALL UNITED STATES VISI-TORS. 
(a) R ECORDING EXITS AND CORRELATION TO  
ENTRY DATA.—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall integrate the records col-lected through the automated entry-exit control system referred to in section 304(b)(1)(E) into an interoperable data sys-tem and any other database necessary to 
correlate an alien’s entry and exit data. 
(b) P
ROCESSING OF RECORDS .—Before the 
departure of outbound aliens at each point of entry, the Secretary shall provide for cross- reference capability between databases des-ignated by the Secretary under subsection (a) to determine and record whether an out-bound alien has been in the United States without lawful immigration status. 
(c) R
ECORDS INCLUSION REQUIREMENTS .— 
The Secretary shall maintain readily acces-sible entry-exit data records for immigration and other law enforcement and improve im-migration control and enforcement by in-cluding information necessary to determine whether an outbound alien without lawful presence in the United States entered the country through— 
(1) unauthorized entry between points of 
entry; 
(2) visa or other temporary authorized sta-
tus; 
(3) fraudulent travel documents; (4) misrepresentation of identity; or (5) any other method of entry. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON COLLECTING EXIT 
RECORDS FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AT  
LANDPOINTS OF ENTRY .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—While documenting the 
departure of outbound individuals at each land point of entry along the Southern or Northern border, the Secretary may not— 
(A) process travel documents of United 
States citizens; 
(B) log, store, or transfer exit data for 
United States citizens; 
(C) create, maintain, operate, access, or 
support any database containing information collected through outbound processing at a point of entry that contains records identifi-able to an individual United States citizen. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition set forth 
in paragraph (1) does not apply to the records of an individual if an officer proc-essing travel documentation in the outbound lanes at a point of entry along the Southern or Northern border— 
(A) has a strong suspicion that the indi-
vidual has engaged in criminal or other pro-hibited activities; or 
(B) needs to verify an individual’s identity 
because the individual is attempting to exit the United States without travel documenta-tion. 
(3) V
ERIFICATION OF TRAVEL DOCUMENTS .— 
Subject to the prohibition set forth in para-graph (1), the Secretary may provide for the confirmation of a United States citizen’s travel documentation validity in the out-bound lanes at a point of entry along the Southern border. 
(e) R
EPORT ON INFRASTRUCTURE REQUIRE -
MENTS TO CARRY OUT100 P ERCENT LANDEXIT 
TRACKING .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that assesses the infrastruc-ture needs for each point of entry along the Southern border to fulfill the requirements under this section, including— 
(1) a description of anticipated infrastruc-
ture needs within each point of entry; 
(2) a description of anticipated infrastruc-
ture needs adjacent to each point of entry; 
(3) an assessment of the availability of sec-
ondary inspection areas at each point of entry; 
(4) an assessment of space available at or 
adjacent to a point of entry to perform proc-essing of outbound aliens; 
(5) an assessment of the infrastructure de-
mands relative to the volume of outbound crossings for each point of entry; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.048 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8392 December 3, 2015 
(6) anticipated wait times for outbound in-
dividuals during processing of travel docu-ments at each point of entry, relative to pos-sible improvements at the point of entry. 
(f) L
IMITATIONS ON OUTBOUND SECONDARY  
INSPECTIONS .—The Secretary may not des-
ignate an outbound United States citizen for secondary inspection or collect biometric in-formation from a United States citizen under outbound inspection procedures unless criminal or other prohibited activity has been detected or is strongly suspected. 
(g) O
UTBOUND PROCESSING OF PERSONS IN  
THEUNITED STATES WITHOUT LAWFUL PRES-
ENCE .— 
(1) P ROCESS FOR RECORDING UNLAWFUL  
PRESENCE .—If the Secretary determines, at a 
point of entry along the Southern border, that an outbound alien has been in the United States without lawful presence, the Secretary shall— 
(A) collect and record biometric data from 
the individual; 
(B) combine data related to the individ-
ual’s unlawful presence with any other infor-mation related to the individual in the inter-operable database, in accordance with sub-section (b); and 
(C) except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
permit the individual to exit the United States. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—An individual shall not be 
permitted to leave the United States if, dur-ing outbound inspection, the Secretary de-tects previous unresolved criminal activity by the individual. 
(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this title, or in the amendments made by this title, may be construed as replacing or repealing the requirements for biometric entry-exit capture required under section 110 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immi-grant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1221 note). 
SEC. 306. REQUIREMENTS TO ENSURE LEGAL 
VOTING. 
(a) R ESTRICTIONS .— 
(1) A FFIDAVIT REQUIRED .—Any individual in 
asylum status, refugee status, legal perma-nent resident status, or any other permanent or temporary visa status who intends to re-main in the United States in such status for longer than 6 months shall submit to the Secretary, during the period specified by the Secretary, a signed affidavit that states that the alien— 
(A) has not cast a ballot in any Federal 
election in the United States; and 
(B) will not register to vote, or cast a bal-
lot, in any Federal election in the United States while in such status. 
(2) P
ENALTY .—If an alien described in para-
graph (1) fails to timely submit the affidavit described in paragraph (1) or violates any term of such affidavit— 
(A) the Secretary shall immediately— (i) revoke the legal status of such alien; 
and 
(ii) deport the alien to the country from 
which he or she originated; and 
(B) the alien will be permanently ineligible 
for United States citizenship. 
(3) B
ARS TO LEGAL STATUS .—Any individual 
in asylum status, refugee status, legal per-manent resident status, or any other perma-nent or temporary visa status who illegally registers to vote or who votes in any Federal election after receiving such status or visa— 
(A) shall not be eligible to apply for perma-
nent residence or citizenship; and 
(B) if such individual has already been 
granted permanent residence, shall lose such status and be subject to deportation pursu-ant to section 237(a)(6) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(6)). 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY .— (1) E LIGIBILITY DETERMINATION .—In deter-
mining whether an individual described in subsection (a)(1) is eligible for legal status, including naturalization, under the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall verify that the alien has not registered to vote, or cast a ballot, in a Federal elec-tion in the United States. 
(2) V
ERIFICATION OF CITIZENSHIP .—The Sec-
retary shall provide the election director of each State, and such local election officials as may be designated by such State direc-tors, with access to relevant databases con-taining information about aliens who have been granted asylum, refugee status, or any other permanent or temporary visa status authorized under the Immigration and Na-tionality Act or by executive action, for the sole purpose of verifying the citizenship sta-tus of registered voters and all individuals applying to register to vote. 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
submit an annual report to Congress that identifies all jurisdictions in the United States that have registered individuals who are not United States citizens to vote in a Federal election. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF STATES .— 
(1) P ROOF OF CITIZENSHIP .—Notwith-
standing the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.), the National Voter Reg-
istration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.), and any other Federal law, all States and local governments— 
(A) shall require individuals registering to 
vote in Federal elections to provide adequate proof of citizenship; 
(B) may not accept an affirmation of citi-
zenship as adequate proof of citizenship for voter registration purposes; and 
(C) may require identification information 
from all such voter registration applicants. 
(2) C
OOPERATION WITH DEPARTMENT OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY .—All States and local 
governments shall provide the Department of Homeland Security with the registration and voting history of any alien seeking reg-istered provisional status, naturalization, or any other immigration benefit, upon the re-quest of the Secretary. 
(3) C
ONSEQUENCE OF NONCOMPLIANCE .— 
(A) F IRST YEAR .—If any State is not in 
compliance with the proof of citizenship re-quirements set forth in paragraph (1) on or before the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall reduce the appor-tionment calculated under section 104(c) of title 23, United States Code, for that State for the following fiscal year by 10 percent. 
(B) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .—For each subse-
quent year in which any State is not in com-pliance with the proof of citizenship require-ments set forth in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Transportation shall reduce the ap-portionment calculated under section 104(c) of title 23, United States Code, for that State for the following fiscal year by an additional 10 percent. 
SEC. 307. SECURE THE TREASURY. 
(a) N OWELFARE FOR REFUGEES OR ASYLEES  
BEGINNING 1 Y EAR AFTER DATE OF ADMIS-
SION.—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, an alien admitted to the United States as a refugee under section 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157) or granted asylum under section 208 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158), beginning 1 year after the date of such admission— 
(1) is not be eligible for any assistance or 
benefits from a Federal means-tested benefit program listed in subsection (c); and 
(2) may not claim the earned income tax 
credit under section 32 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. 
(b) N
OCITIZENSHIP FOR ALIENS WHOAPPLY  
FOR AND RECEIVE WELFARE .—Any alien granted refugee status or asylee admission 
to the United States under a permanent or temporary visa, and who is prohibited under subsection (a) from applying for, or receiv-ing, assistance or benefits described in sub-section (c) or from claiming the earned in-come tax credit under section 32 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, or any other credit allowed by subpart C of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code shall be permanently prohibited from becoming natu-ralized as a citizen of the United States if the alien— 
(1) applies for and receives any such assist-
ance or benefits; or 
(2) claims and is allowed any such credit. 
(c) F
EDERAL MEANS -TESTED BENEFIT PRO-
GRAMS .—The Federal means-tested benefit 
programs listed in this subsection are— 
(1) the temporary assistance for needy fam-
ilies program under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) 
(2) the Medicaid program under title XIX 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); 
(3) the State children’s health insurance 
program authorized under title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.); 
(4) the supplemental nutrition assistance 
program established under the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); and 
(5) the program of block grants to States 
for social services under subtitle A of title XX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397 et seq.). 
(d) V
ERIFICATION PROCEDURES .—In order to 
comply with the limitation under subsection (a)— 
(1) proof of citizenship shall be required as 
a condition for receipt of assistance or bene-fits under the Federal means-tested benefit programs listed in subsection (c); 
(2) proof of citizenship shall be verified as 
a condition for receiving assistance or bene-fits under the Federal means-tested benefit programs listed in subsection (c), including by using the Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements Program of the U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services to confirm that an individual who has presented proof of citizenship as a condition for receipt of as-sistance or benefits under any such program is not an alien; and 
(3) officers and employees of State agencies 
that administer a Federal means-tested ben-efit program listed in subsection (c) shall re-port to any suspicious or fraudulent identity information provided by an individual apply-ing for assistance or benefits to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
(e) N
ONAPPLICATION OF THE PRIVACY ACT.— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Privacy Act’’) may not be construed as prohibiting an offi-
cer or employee of a State from verifying a claim of citizenship for purposes of eligi-bility for assistance or benefits under a Fed-eral means-tested benefit program listed in subsection (c). 
SA 2900. Mr. SASSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. RESTORATION OF THE MEDICARE COM-
PARATIVE COST ADJUSTMENT (CCA) PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1102(f) of the 
Health Care and Education Reconciliation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.048 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8393 December 3, 2015 
Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152), including 
the amendment made by such section, is re-pealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1860C–1 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–29), as restored pursuant to the repeal made by subsection (a), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2010’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘2017’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘2015’’ 
and ‘‘2023’’; and 
(3) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘2013’’ 
and ‘‘2021’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of, 
and the amendments made by, this section shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 2901. Mr. SASSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF ESSENTIAL HEALTH BENE-
FITS REQUIREMENT. 
On January 1, 2016, section 1302 of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022) shall cease to have force or ef-fect. 
SA 2902. Mr. SASSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF AGE RATING RESTRIC-
TIONS. 
Section 2701(a)(1)(A)(iii) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg(a)(1)(A)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘, except that’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2707(c))’’. 
SA 2903. Mr. SASSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. GAO ANALYSIS OF CO-OP PLANS. 
Not later than 12 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct an analysis, and submit to Congress a report concerning the results of such analysis, of the health insurance issuers that partici-pated in the Consumer Operated and Ori-ented Plan program under section 1322 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18042) and are no longer offering such a Plan under such program. 
SA 2904. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to 
section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF PATIENT-CENTERED OUT-
COMES RESEARCH. 
(a) R EPEAL OF MEDICARE TRUST FUNDS  
FUNDING .—Section 1183(a)(2) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1320e–2(a)(2)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘and 2016’’. 
(b) P
REVENTION OF LIMITATION OF TREAT -
MENT OPTIONS .—Section 1182 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320e–1) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c)(2); and (2) by striking subsection (d)(2). 
(c) R
EPEAL OF PATIENT -CENTERED OUT-
COMES RESEARCH TRUST FUND.— 
(1) A PPROPRIATION .—Section 9511(b)(1)(E) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘and 2016’’. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—Section 9511(f) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2015’’. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF FEES ON INSURED AND SELF- 
INSURED HEALTH PLANS .— 
(1) I NSURED .—Section 4375(e) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2015’’. 
(2) S
ELF-INSURED .—Section 4376(e) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2015’’. 
SA 2905. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF DISQUALIFICATION OF EX-
PENSES FOR OVER-THE-COUNTER DRUGS UNDER CERTAIN ACCOUNTS AND ARRANGEMENTS. 
(a) HSA S.—Section 223(d)(2)(A) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the last sentence. 
(b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Section 220(d)(2)(A) of 
such Code is amended by striking the last sentence. 
(c) H
EALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGE -
MENTS AND HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT AR-
RANGEMENTS .—Section 106 of such Code is 
amended by striking subsection (f). 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to expenses incurred after December 31, 2015. 
SA 2906. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 5, strike line 24 and all 
that follows through page 6, line 3, and insert the following: 
SEC. 105A. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.049 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8394 December 3, 2015 
for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) 
thereof. 
‘‘(B) R OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-
scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 105B. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-
CESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 105C. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after May 8, 2014, 
the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— ‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on May 8, 2014, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 9, 2014,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
SA 2907. Mr. BENNET (for himself 
and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . ADDITIONAL FUNDING TO INCREASE 
ACCESS OF VETERANS TO CARE AND IMPROVE PHYSICAL INFRASTRUC-TURE OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, with respect to any increase in revenues received in the Treasury as the result of the enactment of section 59A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986— 
(1) $20,000,000,000 shall be made available, 
without further appropriation, to carry out the purposes described in section 801(b) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note); and 
(2) any remaining amounts shall be used 
for Federal budget deficit reduction or, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.050 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8395 December 3, 2015 
there is no Federal budget deficit, for reduc-
ing the Federal debt in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appro-priate. 
SEC. lll . FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). ‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 2908. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, 
Mr. T OOMEY , and Mr. K IRK) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—PUBLIC SAFETY AND SECOND 
AMENDMENT RIGHTS PROTECTION ACT 
SECTION 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Public 
Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-tection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Congress supports, respects, and defends 
the fundamental, individual right to keep and bear arms guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 
(2) Congress supports and reaffirms the ex-
isting prohibition on a national firearms reg-istry. 
(3) Congress believes the Department of 
Justice should prosecute violations of back-ground check requirements to the maximum extent of the law. 
(4) There are deficits in the background 
check system in existence prior to the date of enactment of this Act and the Department of Justice should make it a top priority to work with States to swiftly input missing 
records, including mental health records. 
(5) Congress and the citizens of the United 
States agree that in order to promote safe and responsible gun ownership, dangerous criminals and the seriously mentally ill should be prohibited from possessing fire-arms; therefore, it should be incumbent upon all citizens to ensure weapons are not being transferred to such people. 
SEC. 203. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title, or any amendment 
made by this title, shall be construed to— 
(1) expand in any way the enforcement au-
thority or jurisdiction of the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives; or 
(2) allow the establishment, directly or in-
directly, of a Federal firearms registry. 
SEC. 204. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this title or an amend-
ment made by this title, or the application of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason in any court of competent jurisdic-tion, the remainder of this title and amend-ments made by this title, and the application of the provisions and amendment to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected. 
Subtitle A—Ensuring That All Individuals 
Who Should Be Prohibited From Buying a Gun Are Listed in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System 
SEC. 211. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL 
CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS IM-PROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 106(b) of Public Law 103–159 (18 
U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated for grants under this subsection $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019.’’. 
SEC. 212. IMPROVEMENT OF METRICS AND IN-
CENTIVES. 
Section 102(b) of the NICS Improvement 
Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-
tection Act of 2015, the Attorney General, in coordination with the States, shall establish for each State or Indian tribal government desiring a grant under section 103 a 4-year implementation plan to ensure maximum co-ordination and automation of the reporting of records or making records available to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. 
‘‘(2) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each 4- 
year plan established under paragraph (1) shall include annual benchmarks, including both qualitative goals and quantitative measures, to assess implementation of the 4- year plan. 
‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES FOR NON -COMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—During the 4-year period 
covered by a 4-year plan established under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall withhold— 
‘‘(i) 10 percent of the amount that would 
otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the first year in the 4-year period; 
‘‘(ii) 11 percent of the amount that would 
otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.050 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8396 December 3, 2015 
Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the 
State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the second year in the 4-year period; 
‘‘(iii) 13 percent of the amount that would 
otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the third year in the 4-year period; and 
‘‘(iv) 15 percent of the amount that would 
otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the fourth year in the 4-year period. 
‘‘(B) F
AILURE TO ESTABLISH A PLAN .—A 
State that fails to establish a plan under paragraph (1) shall be treated as having not met any benchmark established under para-graph (2).’’. 
SEC. 213. GRANTS TO STATES FOR IMPROVEMENT 
OF COORDINATION AND AUTOMA-TION OF NICS RECORD REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The NICS Improvement 
Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking section 103 and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘SEC. 103. GRANTS TO STATES FOR IMPROVE-
MENT OF COORDINATION AND AU-TOMATION OF NICS RECORD RE-PORTING. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From amounts made 
available to carry out this section, the At-torney General shall make grants to States, Indian Tribal governments, and State court systems, in a manner consistent with the Na-tional Criminal History Improvement Pro-gram and consistent with State plans for in-tegration, automation, and accessibility of criminal history records, for use by the State, or units of local government of the State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system to improve the automation and transmittal of mental health records and criminal history dispositions, records rel-evant to determining whether a person has been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence, court orders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories in ac-cordance with section 102 and the National Criminal History Improvement Program. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .—Grants 
awarded to States, Indian Tribal govern-ments, or State court systems under this section may only be used to— 
‘‘(1) carry out, as necessary, assessments of 
the capabilities of the courts of the State or Indian Tribal government for the automa-tion and transmission of arrest and convic-tion records, court orders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories; 
‘‘(2) implement policies, systems, and pro-
cedures for the automation and transmission of arrest and conviction records, court or-ders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories; 
‘‘(3) create electronic systems that provide 
accurate and up-to-date information which is directly related to checks under the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, including court disposition and corrections records; 
‘‘(4) assist States or Indian Tribal govern-
ments in establishing or enhancing their own capacities to perform background checks using the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; and 
‘‘(5) develop and maintain the relief from 
disabilities program in accordance with sec-tion 105. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this section, a State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system shall cer-tify, to the satisfaction of the Attorney Gen-eral, that the State, Indian Tribal govern-ment, or State court system— 
‘‘(A) is not prohibited by State law or 
court order from submitting mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; and 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (2), has imple-
mented a relief from disabilities program in accordance with section 105. 
‘‘(2) R
ELIEF FROM DISABILITIES PROGRAM .— 
For purposes of obtaining a grant under this section, a State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system shall not be required to meet the eligibility requirement described in paragraph (1)(B) until the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pub-lic Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015. 
‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) S TUDIES , ASSESSMENTS , NON-MATERIAL  
ACTIVITIES .—The Federal share of a study, 
assessment, creation of a task force, or other non-material activity, as determined by the Attorney General, carried out with a grant under this section shall be not more than 25 percent. 
‘‘(2) I
NFRASTRUCTURE OR SYSTEM DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Federal share of an activity in-
volving infrastructure or system develop-ment, including labor-related costs, for the purpose of improving State or Indian Tribal government record reporting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System carried out with a grant under this section may amount to 100 percent of the cost of the activity. 
‘‘(e) G
RANTS TO INDIAN TRIBES .—Up to 5 
percent of the grant funding available under this section may be reserved for Indian tribal governments for use by Indian tribal judicial systems. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019.’’; 
(2) by striking title III; and (3) in section 401(b), by inserting after ‘‘of 
this Act’’ the following: ‘‘and 18 months after the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-tection Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections in section 1(b) 
of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 103 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 103. Grants to States for improvement 
of coordination and automation of NICS record reporting.’’. 
SEC. 214. RELIEF FROM DISABILITIES PROGRAM. 
Section 105 of the NICS Improvement 
Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(1) 10 PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- 
year period beginning 2 years after the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Sec-ond Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015, the Attorney General shall withhold 10 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State has not implemented a relief from disabilities program in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) 11 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- 
year period after the expiration of the period described in paragraph (1), the Attorney Gen-eral shall withhold 11 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 
3755) if the State has not implemented a re-lief from disabilities program in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(3) 13 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- 
year period after the expiration of the period described in paragraph (2), the Attorney Gen-eral shall withhold 13 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State has not implemented a re-lief from disabilities program in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(4) 15 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—After the expi-
ration of the 1-year period described in para-graph (3), the Attorney General shall with-hold 15 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State has not implemented a relief from dis-abilities program in accordance with this section.’’. 
SEC. 215. ADDITIONAL PROTECTIONS FOR OUR 
VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 5511. Conditions for treatment of certain 
persons as adjudicated mentally incom-petent for certain purposes 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In any case arising out 
of the administration by the Secretary of laws and benefits under this title, a person who is determined by the Secretary to be mentally incompetent shall not be consid-ered adjudicated pursuant to subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18 until— 
‘‘(1) in the case in which the person does 
not request a review as described in sub-section (c)(1), the end of the 30-day period be-ginning on the date on which the person re-ceives notice submitted under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(2) in the case in which the person re-
quests a review as described in paragraph (1) of subsection (c), upon an assessment by the board designated or established under para-graph (2) of such subsection or court of com-petent jurisdiction that a person cannot safely use, carry, possess, or store a firearm due to mental incompetency. 
‘‘(b) N
OTICE .—Notice submitted under this 
subsection to a person described in sub-section (a) is notice submitted by the Sec-retary that notifies the person of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) The determination made by the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(2) A description of the implications of 
being considered adjudicated as a mental de-fective under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18. 
‘‘(3) The person’s right to request a review 
under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—(1) Not later 
than 30 days after the date on which a person described in subsection (a) receives notice submitted under subsection (b), such person may request a review by the board designed or established under paragraph (2) or a court of competent jurisdiction to assess whether a person cannot safely use, carry, possess, or store a firearm due to mental incompetency. In such assessment, the board may consider the person’s honorable discharge or decora-tion. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of the Public Safety and Sec-ond Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary shall designate or estab-lish a board that shall, upon request of a per-son under paragraph (1), assess whether a person cannot safely use, carry, possess, or store a firearm due to mental incompetency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.054 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8397 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(d) J UDICIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of an assessment of a per-son under subsection (c) by the board des-ignated or established under paragraph (2) of such subsection, such person may file a peti-tion for judicial review of such assessment with a Federal court of competent jurisdic-tion. 
‘‘(e) P
ROTECTING RIGHTS OF VETERANS WITH 
EXISTING RECORDS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-tection Act of 2015, the Secretary shall pro-
vide written notice of the opportunity for ad-ministrative review and appeal under sub-section (c) to all persons who, on the date of enactment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015, are considered adjudicated pursuant to sub-section (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18 as a result of having been found by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to be mentally incompetent. 
‘‘(f) F
UTURE DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the enactment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary shall review the policies and procedures by which individuals are de-termined to be mentally incompetent, and shall revise such policies and procedures as necessary to ensure that any individual who is competent to manage his own financial af-fairs, including his receipt of Federal bene-fits, but who voluntarily turns over the man-agement thereof to a fiduciary is not consid-ered adjudicated pursuant to subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after 
the Secretary has made the review and changes required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report detailing the results of the review and any resulting policy and procedural changes.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘5511. Conditions for treatment of certain 
persons as adjudicated men-tally incompetent for certain purposes.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 5511 of title 38, 
United States Code (as added by this sec-tion), shall apply only with respect to per-sons who are determined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, to be mentally incom-petent, except that those persons who are provided notice pursuant to section 5511(e) shall be entitled to use the administrative review under section 5511(c) and, as nec-essary, the subsequent judicial review under section 5511(d). 
SEC. 216. CLARIFICATION THAT FEDERAL COURT 
INFORMATION IS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 103(e)(1) of Public Law 103–159 (18 
U.S.C. 922 note), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—In 
this subsection— 
‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the 
United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and 
‘‘(ii) for purposes of any request, submis-
sion, or notification, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform the functions of the head of the department or agency.’’. SEC. 217. CLARIFICATION THAT SUBMISSION OF 
MENTAL HEALTH RECORDS TO THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM IS NOT PROHIBITED BY THE HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND AC-COUNTABILITY ACT. 
Information collected under section 
102(c)(3) of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) to as-sist the Attorney General in enforcing sec-tion 922(g)(4) of title 18, United States Code, shall not be subject to the regulations pro-mulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note). 
SEC. 218. PUBLICATION OF NICS INDEX STATIS-
TICS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and biannually there-after, the Attorney General shall make the National Instant Criminal Background Check System index statistics available on a publically accessible Internet website. 
SEC. 219. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this subtitle 
shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Providing a Responsible and 
Consistent Background Check Process 
SEC. 221. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to enhance 
the current background check process in the United States to ensure criminals and the mentally ill are not able to purchase fire-arms. 
SEC. 222. FIREARMS TRANSFERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 922 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by repealing subsection (s); (2) by redesignating subsection (t) as sub-
section (s); 
(3) in subsection (s), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in the case of an instant background 
check conducted at a gun show or event dur-ing the 4-year period beginning on the effec-tive date under section 230(a) of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-tection Act of 2015, 48 hours have elapsed since the licensee contacted the system, and the system has not notified the licensee that the receipt of a firearm by such other person would violate subsection (g) or (n) of this section; or 
‘‘(iv) in the case of an instant background 
check conducted at a gun show or event after the 4-year period described in clause (iii), 24 hours have elapsed since the licensee con-tacted the system, and the system has not notified the licensee that the receipt of a firearm by such other person would violate subsection (g) or (n) of this section; and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C)(ii), by striking ‘‘(as 
defined in subsection (s)(8))’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘chief law enforcement offi-
cer’ means the chief of police, the sheriff, or an equivalent officer or the designee of any such individual; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘gun show or event’ has the 
meaning given the term in subsection (t)(7). 
‘‘(8) The Federal Bureau of Investigation 
shall not charge a user fee for a background check conducted pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(9) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this chapter, upon receiving a request for an instant background check that originates from a gun show or event, the system shall complete the instant background check be-fore completing any pending instant back-ground check that did not originate from a gun show or event.’’; and (4) by inserting after subsection (s), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(t)(1) Beginning on the date that is 180 
days after the date of enactment of this sub-section and except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for any person other than a licensed dealer, licensed manufac-turer, or licensed importer to complete the transfer of a firearm to any other person who is not licensed under this chapter, if such transfer occurs— 
‘‘(A) at a gun show or event, on the 
curtilage thereof; or 
‘‘(B) pursuant to an advertisement, post-
ing, display or other listing on the Internet or in a publication by the transferor of his intent to transfer, or the transferee of his in-tent to acquire, the firearm. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if— 
‘‘(A) the transfer is made after a licensed 
importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer has first taken possession of the fire-arm for the purpose of complying with sub-section (s), and upon taking possession of the firearm, the licensee— 
‘‘(i) complies with all requirements of this 
chapter as if the licensee were transferring the firearm from the licensee’s business in-ventory to the unlicensed transferee, except that when processing a transfer under this chapter the licensee may accept in lieu of conducting a background check a valid per-mit issued within the previous 5 years by a State, or a political subdivision of a State, that allows the transferee to possess, ac-quire, or carry a firearm, if the law of the State, or political subdivision of a State, that issued the permit requires that such permit is issued only after an authorized government official has verified that the in-formation available to such official does not indicate that possession of a firearm by the unlicensed transferee would be in violation of Federal, State, or local law; 
‘‘(B) the transfer is made between an unli-
censed transferor and an unlicensed trans-feree residing in the same State, which takes place in such State, if— 
‘‘(i) the Attorney General certifies that 
State in which the transfer takes place has in effect requirements under law that are generally equivalent to the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(ii) the transfer was conducted in compli-
ance with the laws of the State; 
‘‘(C) the transfer is made between spouses, 
between parents or spouses of parents and their children or spouses of their children, between siblings or spouses of siblings, or be-tween grandparents or spouses of grand-parents and their grandchildren or spouses of their grandchildren, or between aunts or un-cles or their spouses and their nieces or nephews or their spouses, or between first cousins, if the transferor does not know or have reasonable cause to believe that the transferee is prohibited from receiving or possessing a firearm under Federal, State, or local law; or 
‘‘(D) the Attorney General has approved 
the transfer under section 5812 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(3) A licensed importer, licensed manufac-
turer, or licensed dealer who processes a transfer of a firearm authorized under para-graph (2)(A) shall not be subject to a license revocation or license denial based solely upon a violation of those paragraphs, or a violation of the rules or regulations promul-gated under this paragraph, unless the li-censed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer— 
‘‘(A) knows or has reasonable cause to be-
lieve that the information provided for pur-poses of identifying the transferor, trans-feree, or the firearm is false; 
‘‘(B) knows or has reasonable cause to be-
lieve that the transferee is prohibited from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.054 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8398 December 3, 2015 
purchasing, receiving, or possessing a fire-
arm by Federal or State law, or published or-dinance; or 
‘‘(C) knowingly violates any other provi-
sion of this chapter, or the rules or regula-tions promulgated thereunder. 
‘‘(4)(A) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this chapter, except for section 923(m), the Attorney General may implement this subsection with regulations. 
‘‘(B) Regulations promulgated under this 
paragraph may not include any provision re-quiring licensees to facilitate transfers in ac-cordance with paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(C) Regulations promulgated under this 
paragraph may not include any provision re-quiring persons not licensed under this chap-ter to keep records of background checks or firearms transfers. 
‘‘(D) Regulations promulgated under this 
paragraph may not include any provision placing a cap on the fee licensees may charge to facilitate transfers in accordance with paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(5)(A) A person other than a licensed im-
porter, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer, who makes a transfer of a firearm in accordance with this section, or who is the organizer of a gun show or event at which such transfer occurs, shall be immune from a qualified civil liability action relating to the transfer of the firearm as if the person were a seller of a qualified product. 
‘‘(B) A provider of an interactive computer 
service shall be immune from a qualified civil liability action relating to the transfer of a firearm as if the provider of an inter-active computer service were a seller of a qualified product. 
‘‘(C) In this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘interactive computer serv-
ice’ shall have the meaning given the term in section 230(f) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230(f)); and 
‘‘(ii) the terms ‘qualified civil liability ac-
tion’, ‘qualified product’, and ‘seller’ shall have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 4 of the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (15 U.S.C. 7903). 
‘‘(D) Nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed to affect the immunity of a pro-vider of an interactive computer service under section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230). 
‘‘(6) In any civil liability action in any 
State or Federal court arising from the criminal or unlawful use of a firearm fol-lowing a transfer of such firearm for which no background check was required under this section, this section shall not be construed— 
‘‘(A) as creating a cause of action for any 
civil liability; or 
‘‘(B) as establishing any standard of care. 
‘‘(7) For purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘gun show or event’— 
‘‘(A) means any event at which 75 or more 
firearms are offered or exhibited for sale, ex-change, or transfer, if 1 or more of the fire-arms has been shipped or transported in, or otherwise affects, interstate or foreign com-merce; and 
‘‘(B) does not include an offer or exhibit of 
firearms for sale, exchange, or transfer by an individual from the personal collection of that individual, at the private residence of that individual, if the individual is not re-quired to be licensed under section 923.’’. 
(b) P
ROHIBITING THE SEIZURE OF RECORDS  
OR DOCUMENTS .—Section 923(g)(1)(D) is 
amended by striking, ‘‘The inspection and examination authorized by this paragraph shall not be construed as authorizing the At-torney General to seize any records or other documents other than those records or docu-ments constituting material evidence of a violation of law,’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘The Attorney General shall be pro-hibited from seizing any records or other documents in the course of an inspection or 
examination authorized by this paragraph other than those records or documents con-stituting material evidence of a violation of law.’’. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION OF NATIONAL GUNREG-
ISTRY .—Section 923 of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) The Attorney General may not con-
solidate or centralize the records of the— 
‘‘(1) acquisition or disposition of firearms, 
or any portion thereof, maintained by— 
‘‘(A) a person with a valid, current license 
under this chapter; 
‘‘(B) an unlicensed transferor under section 
922(t); or 
‘‘(2) possession or ownership of a firearm, 
maintained by any medical or health insur-ance entity.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION 922 .—Section 922(y)(2) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended, in the mat-ter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, (g)(5)(B), and (s)(3)(B)(v)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (g)(5)(B)’’. 
(2) C
ONSOLIDATED AND FURTHER CONTINUING  
APPROPRIATIONS ACT , 2012.—Section 511 of 
title V of division B of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection 922(t)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (s) or (t) of section 922’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SEC. 223. PENALTIES. 
Section 924 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(8) Whoever makes or attempts to make a 
transfer of a firearm in violation of section 922(t) to a person not licensed under this chapter who is prohibited from receiving a firearm under subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 or State law, to a law enforcement offi-cer, or to a person acting at the direction of, or with the approval of, a law enforcement officer authorized to investigate or prosecute violations of section 922(t), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) I
MPROPER USE OF STORAGE OF  
RECORDS .—Any person who knowingly vio-
lates section 923(m) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 224. FIREARMS DISPOSITIONS. 
Section 922(b)(3) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘located’’ and inserting ‘‘lo-cated or temporarily located’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘rifle or shotgun’’ and in-
serting ‘‘firearm’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘located’’ and inserting 
‘‘located or temporarily located’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘both such States’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the State in which the transfer is conducted and the State of residence of the transferee’’. 
SEC. 225. FIREARM DEALER ACCESS TO LAW EN-
FORCEMENT INFORMATION. 
Section 103(b) of Public Law 103–159 (18 
U.S.C. 922 note), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY BACKGROUND CHECKS .—Not 
later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015, the Attorney General shall promulgate regu-lations allowing licensees to use the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check 
System established under this section for purposes of conducting voluntary preemploy-ment background checks on prospective em-ployees.’’. 
SEC. 226. DEALER LOCATION. 
Section 923 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (j)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, and 
such location is in the State which is speci-fied on the license’’; and 
(B) in the last sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘transfer,’’ after ‘‘sell,’’; 
and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Act,’’ and all that follows 
and inserting ‘‘Act.’’; and 
(2) by adding after subsection (m), as added 
by section 222(c), the following: 
‘‘(n) Nothing in this chapter shall be con-
strued to prohibit the sale, transfer, deliv-ery, or other disposition of a firearm or am-munition not otherwise prohibited under this chapter— 
‘‘(1) by a person licensed under this chapter 
to another person so licensed, at any loca-tion in any State; or 
‘‘(2) by a licensed importer, licensed manu-
facturer, or licensed dealer to a person not licensed under this chapter, at a temporary location described in subsection (j) in any State.’’. 
SEC. 227. RESIDENCE OF UNITED STATES OFFI-
CERS. 
Section 921 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(b) For purposes of this chapter: 
‘‘(1) A member of the Armed Forces on ac-
tive duty, or a spouse of such a member, is a resident of— 
‘‘(A) the State in which the member or 
spouse maintains legal residence; 
‘‘(B) the State in which the permanent 
duty station of the member is located; and 
‘‘(C) the State in which the member main-
tains a place of abode from which the mem-ber commutes each day to the permanent duty station of the member. 
‘‘(2) An officer or employee of the United 
States (other than a member of the Armed Forces) who is stationed outside the United States for a period of more than 1 year, and a spouse of such an officer or employee, is a resident of the State in which the person maintains legal residence.’’. 
SEC. 228. INTERSTATE TRANSPORTATION OF 
FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 926A of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 926A. Interstate transportation of firearms 
or ammunition 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘transport’— 
‘‘(1) includes staying in temporary lodging 
overnight, stopping for food, fuel, vehicle maintenance, an emergency, medical treat-ment, and any other activity incidental to the transport; and 
‘‘(2) does not include transportation— ‘‘(A) with the intent to commit a crime 
punishable by imprisonment for a term ex-ceeding 1 year that involves a firearm; or 
‘‘(B) with knowledge, or reasonable cause 
to believe, that a crime described in subpara-graph (A) is to be committed in the course of, or arising from, the transportation. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of any law (including a rule or reg-ulation) of a State or any political subdivi-sion thereof, a person who is not prohibited by this chapter from possessing, trans-porting, shipping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition shall be entitled to— 
‘‘(1) transport a firearm for any lawful pur-
pose from any place where the person may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.054 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8399 December 3, 2015 
lawfully possess, carry, or transport the fire-
arm to any other such place if, during the transportation— 
‘‘(A) the firearm is unloaded; and ‘‘(B)(i) if the transportation is by motor 
vehicle— 
‘‘(I) the firearm is not directly accessible 
from the passenger compartment of the motor vehicle; or 
‘‘(II) if the motor vehicle is without a com-
partment separate from the passenger com-partment, the firearm is— 
‘‘(aa) in a locked container other than the 
glove compartment or console; or 
‘‘(bb) secured by a secure gun storage or 
safety device; or 
‘‘(ii) if the transportation is by other 
means, the firearm is in a locked container or secured by a secure gun storage or safety device; and 
‘‘(2) transport ammunition for any lawful 
purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the ammunition, to any other such place if, dur-ing the transportation— 
‘‘(A) the ammunition is not loaded into a 
firearm; and 
‘‘(B)(i) if the transportation is by motor 
vehicle— 
‘‘(I) the ammunition is not directly acces-
sible from the passenger compartment of the motor vehicle; or 
‘‘(II) if the motor vehicle is without a com-
partment separate from the passenger com-partment, the ammunition is in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console; or 
‘‘(ii) if the transportation is by other 
means, the ammunition is in a locked con-tainer. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ARREST AUTHORITY .—A 
person who is transporting a firearm or am-munition may not be— 
‘‘(1) arrested for violation of any law or 
any rule or regulation of a State, or any po-litical subdivision thereof, relating to the 
possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms or ammunition, unless there is probable cause that the transportation is not in accordance with subsection (b); or 
‘‘(2) detained for violation of any law or 
any rule or regulation of a State, or any po-litical subdivision thereof, relating to the possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms or ammunition, unless there is rea-sonable suspicion that the transportation is not in accordance with subsection (b).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 926A and inserting the following: 
‘‘926A. Interstate transportation of firearms 
or ammunition.’’. 
SEC. 229. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this subtitle, or an amendment 
made by this subtitle, shall be construed— 
(1) to extend background check require-
ments to transfers other than those made at gun shows or on the curtilage thereof, or pursuant to an advertisement, posting, dis-play, or other listing on the Internet or in a publication by the transferor of the intent of the transferor to transfer, or the transferee of the intent of the transferee to acquire, the firearm; or 
(2) to extend background check require-
ments to temporary transfers for purposes including lawful hunting or sporting or to temporary possession of a firearm for pur-poses of examination or evaluation by a pro-spective transferee. 
SEC. 230. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this subtitle and the amend-ments made by this subtitle shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) F
IREARM DEALER ACCESS TO LAWEN-
FORCEMENT INFORMATION .—Section 225 and 
the amendments made by section 225 shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle C—National Commission on Mass 
Violence 
SEC. 241. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Na-
tional Commission on Mass Violence Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 242. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MASS VIO-
LENCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION .—There 
is established a commission to be known as the National Commission on Mass Violence (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) to study the availability and nature of firearms, including the means of acquiring firearms, issues relating to mental health, and all positive and negative impacts of the availability and nature of firearms on inci-dents of mass violence or in preventing mass violence. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) A PPOINTMENTS .—The Commission shall 
be composed of 12 members, of whom— 
(A) 6 members of the Commission shall be 
appointed by the Majority Leader of the Sen-ate, in consultation with the Democratic leadership of the House of Representatives, 1 of whom shall serve as Chairman of the Com-mission; and 
(B) 6 members of the Commission shall be 
appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Republican leadership of the Senate, 1 of whom shall serve as Vice Chairman of the Commission. 
(2) P
ERSONS ELIGIBLE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The members appointed 
to the Commission shall include— 
(i) well-known and respected individuals 
among their peers in their respective fields of expertise; and 
(ii) not less than 1 non-elected individual 
from each of the following categories, who has expertise in the category, by both experi-ence and training: 
(I) Firearms. (II) Mental health. (III) School safety. (IV) Mass media. (B) E
XPERTS .—In identifying the individ-
uals to serve on the Commission, the ap-pointing authorities shall take special care to identify experts in the fields described in section 243(a)(2). 
(C) P
ARTY AFFILIATION .—Not more than 6 
members of the Commission shall be from the same political party. 
(3) C
OMPLETION OF APPOINTMENTS ; VACAN -
CIES.—Not later than 30 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the appointing au-thorities under paragraph (1) shall each make their respective appointments. Any va-cancy that occurs during the life of the Com-mission shall not affect the powers of the Commission, and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment not later than 30 days after the vacancy occurs. 
(4) O
PERATION OF THE COMMISSION .— 
(A) M EETINGS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall 
meet at the call of the Chairman. 
(ii) I NITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting 
of the Commission shall be conducted not later than 30 days after the later of— 
(I) the date of the appointment of the last 
member of the Commission; or 
(II) the date on which appropriated funds 
are available for the Commission. 
(B) Q
UORUM ; VACANCIES ; VOTING ; RULES .—A 
majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum to conduct busi-ness, but the Commission may establish a lesser quorum for conducting hearings sched-uled by the Commission. Each member of the 
Commission shall have 1 vote, and the vote of each member shall be accorded the same weight. The Commission may establish by majority vote any other rules for the con-duct of the Commission’s business, if such rules are not inconsistent with this subtitle or other applicable law. 
SEC. 243. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) S TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—It shall be the duty of the 
Commission to conduct a comprehensive fac-tual study of incidents of mass violence, in-cluding incidents of mass violence not in-volving firearms, in the context of the many acts of senseless mass violence that occur in the United States each year, in order to de-termine the root causes of such mass vio-lence. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE STUDIED .—In deter-
mining the root causes of these recurring and tragic acts of mass violence, the Com-mission shall study any matter that the Commission determines relevant to meeting the requirements of paragraph (1), including at a minimum— 
(A) the role of schools, including the level 
of involvement and awareness of teachers and school administrators in the lives of their students and the availability of mental health and other resources and strategies to help detect and counter tendencies of stu-dents towards mass violence; 
(B) the effectiveness of and resources avail-
able for school security strategies to prevent incidents of mass violence; 
(C) the role of families and the availability 
of mental health and other resources and strategies to help families detect and counter tendencies toward mass violence; 
(D) the effectiveness and use of, and re-
sources available to, the mental health sys-tem in understanding, detecting, and coun-tering tendencies toward mass violence, as well as the effects of treatments and thera-pies; 
(E) whether medical doctors and other 
mental health professionals have the ability, without negative legal or professional con-sequences, to notify law enforcement offi-cials when a patient is a danger to himself or others; 
(F) the nature and impact of the alienation 
of the perpetrators of such incidents of mass violence from their schools, families, peer groups, and places of work; 
(G) the role that domestic violence plays in 
causing incidents of mass violence; 
(H) the effect of depictions of mass vio-
lence in the media, and any impact of such depictions on incidents of mass violence; 
(I) the availability and nature of firearms, 
including the means of acquiring such fire-arms, and all positive and negative impacts of such availability and nature on incidents of mass violence or in preventing mass vio-lence; 
(J) the role of current prosecution rates in 
contributing to the availability of weapons that are used in mass violence; 
(K) the availability of information regard-
ing the construction of weapons, including explosive devices, and any impact of such in-formation on such incidents of mass vio-lence; 
(L) the views of law enforcement officials, 
religious leaders, mental health experts, and other relevant officials on the root causes and prevention of mass violence; 
(M) incidents in which firearms were used 
to stop mass violence; and 
(N) any other area that the Commission 
determines contributes to the causes of mass violence. 
(3) T
ESTIMONY OF VICTIMS AND SURVIVORS .— 
In determining the root causes of these re-curring and tragic incidents of mass vio-lence, the Commission shall, in accordance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.054 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8400 December 3, 2015 
with section 244(a), take the testimony of 
victims and survivors to learn and memori-alize their views and experiences regarding such incidents of mass violence. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Based on the find-
ings of the study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall make rec-ommendations to the President and Congress to address the causes of these recurring and tragic incidents of mass violence and to re-duce such incidents of mass violence. 
(c) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 3 
months after the date on which the Commis-sion first meets, the Commission shall sub-mit to the President and Congress an in-terim report describing any initial rec-ommendations of the Commission. 
(2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date on which the Commission first meets, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a comprehensive re-port of the findings and conclusions of the Commission, together with the recommenda-tions of the Commission. 
(3) S
UMMARIES .—The report under para-
graph (2) shall include a summary of— 
(A) the reports submitted to the Commis-
sion by any entity under contract for re-search under section 244(e); and 
(B) any other material relied on by the 
Commission in the preparation of the report. 
SEC. 244. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) H EARINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission may hold 
such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, administer such oaths, take such tes-timony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out its duties under section 243. 
(2) W
ITNESS EXPENSES .—Witnesses re-
quested to appear before the Commission shall be paid the same fees as are paid to wit-nesses under section 1821 of title 28, United States Code. 
(b) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.—The Commission may secure directly 
from any Federal agency such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out its duties under section 243. Upon the request of the Commission, the head of such agency may furnish such information to the Commission. 
(c) I
NFORMATION TO BEKEPT CONFIDEN -
TIAL.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be 
considered an agency of the Federal Govern-ment for purposes of section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, and any individual em-ployed by any individual or entity under contract with the Commission under sub-section (d) shall be considered an employee of the Commission for the purposes of sec-tion 1905 of title 18, United States Code. 
(2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Information obtained by 
the Commission or the Attorney General under this subtitle and shared with the Com-mission, other than information available to the public, shall not be disclosed to any per-son in any manner, except— 
(A) to Commission employees or employees 
of any individual or entity under contract to the Commission under subsection (d) for the purpose of receiving, reviewing, or proc-essing such information; 
(B) upon court order; or (C) when publicly released by the Commis-
sion in an aggregate or summary form that does not directly or indirectly disclose— 
(i) the identity of any person or business 
entity; or 
(ii) any information which could not be re-
leased under section 1905 of title 18, United States Code. 
(d) C
ONTRACTING FOR RESEARCH .—The Com-
mission may enter into contracts with any entity for research necessary to carry out the duties of the Commission under section 
243. 
SEC. 245. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—Each 
member of the Commission who is not an of-ficer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which such member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Com-mission. All members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for their services as officers or employees of the United States. 
(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of 
the Commission shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of service for the Commis-sion. 
(c) S
TAFF .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chairman of the Com-
mission may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional employees as may be nec-essary to enable the Commission to perform its duties. The employment and termination of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by a majority of the members of the Commission. 
(2) C
OMPENSATION .—The executive director 
shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. The Chairman may fix the com-pensation of other employees without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and sub-chapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of po-sitions and General Schedule pay rates, ex-cept that the rate of pay for such employees may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. 
(3) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— 
Any Federal Government employee, with the approval of the head of the appropriate Fed-eral agency, may be detailed to the Commis-sion without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status, benefits, or privilege. 
(d) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  
INTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairman of 
the Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-viduals not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5316 of such title. 
SEC. 246. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Commission and any agency of the Fed-eral Government assisting the Commission in carrying out its duties under this subtitle such sums as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this subtitle. Any sums ap-propriated shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until expended. 
SEC. 247. TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall terminate 30 days 
after the Commission submits the final re-port under section 243(c)(2). 
SA 2909. Mr. MARKEY (for himself 
and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to 
section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR RESEARCH BY CDC ON 
FIREARMS SAFETY OR GUN VIO-LENCE PREVENTION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 for the purpose of conducting or supporting research on firearms safety or gun violence prevention under the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). The amount authorized to be appropriated by the preceding sentence is in addition to any other amounts authorized to be appro-priated for such purpose. 
SA 2910. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for her-
self, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. H IRONO , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
WARNER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M URRAY , 
and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Denying 
Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. GRANTING THE ATTORNEY GENERAL THE 
AUTHORITY TO DENY THE SALE, DE-LIVERY, OR TRANSFER OF A FIRE-ARM OR THE ISSUANCE OF A FIRE-ARMS OR EXPLOSIVES LICENSE OR PERMIT TO DANGEROUS TERROR-ISTS. 
(a) S TANDARD FOR EXERCISING ATTORNEY  
GENERAL DISCRETION REGARDING TRANSFER -
RING FIREARMS OR ISSUING FIREARMS PER-
MITS TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS .—Chapter 44 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting after section 922 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘§ 922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny 
transfer of a firearm 
‘‘The Attorney General may deny the 
transfer of a firearm under section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii) of this title if the Attorney General— 
‘‘(1) determines that the transferee is 
known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism; and 
‘‘(2) has a reasonable belief that the pro-
spective transferee may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism. 
‘‘§ 922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-
ing applicants for firearm permits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3) 
‘‘The Attorney General may determine 
that— 
‘‘(1) an applicant for a firearm permit 
which would qualify for an exemption under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.054 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8401 December 3, 2015 
section 922(t)(3) is known (or appropriately 
suspected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing ma-terial support or resources for terrorism; and 
‘‘(2) the Attorney General has a reasonable 
belief that the applicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’; 
(2) in section 921(a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(36) The term ‘terrorism’ includes inter-
national terrorism and domestic terrorism, as defined in section 2331 of this title. 
‘‘(37) The term ‘material support or re-
sources’ has the meaning given the term in section 2339A of this title. 
‘‘(38) The term ‘responsible person’ means 
an individual who has the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the appli-cant or licensee pertaining to firearms.’’; and 
(3) in the table of sections, by inserting 
after the item relating to section 922 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny 
transfer of a firearm. 
‘‘922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-
ing applicants for firearm per-mits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3).’’. 
(b) E
FFECT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL THROUGH THE NATIONAL IN-
STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM  
(NICS) ONFIREARMS PERMITS .—Section 922(t) 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or 
State law, or that the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ before the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) was issued after a check of the sys-
tem established pursuant to paragraph (1);’’; 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the State issuing the permit agrees 
to deny the permit application if such other person is the subject of a determination by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922B of this title;’’; 
(4) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, or if 
the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, or if 
the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’. 
(c) U
NLAWFUL SALE OR DISPOSITION OF  
FIREARM BASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL  
DISCRETIONARY DENIAL .—Section 922(d) of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has been the subject of a determina-
tion by the Attorney General under section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(3), or 923(e) of this title.’’. 
(d) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 922(g) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the comma 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) who has received actual notice of the 
Attorney General’s determination made under section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(3) or 923(e) of this title,’’. 
(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSES .—Sec-
tion 923(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Any’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (3), any’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) The Attorney General may deny a li-
cense application if the Attorney General de-termines that the applicant (including any responsible person) is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use 
a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’. 
(f) D
ISCRETIONARY REVOCATION OF FEDERAL  
FIREARMS LICENSES .—Section 923(e) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘revoke any license’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘revoke— 
‘‘(A) any license’’; (3) by striking ‘‘. The Attorney General 
may, after notice and opportunity for hear-ing, revoke the license’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘; 
‘‘(B) the license’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘. The Secretary’s action’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(C) any license issued under this section if 
the Attorney General determines that the holder of such license (including any respon-sible person) is known (or appropriately sus-pected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism or providing mate-rial support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism. 
‘‘(2) The Attorney General’s action’’. (g) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN FIREARMS LICENSE DE-
NIAL AND REVOCATION SUIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 923(f)(1) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘How-ever, if the denial or revocation is pursuant to subsection (d)(3) or (e)(1)(C), any informa-tion upon which the Attorney General relied for this determination may be withheld from the petitioner, if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national secu-rity.’’. 
(2) S
UMMARIES .—Section 923(f)(3) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘With respect to any information withheld from the aggrieved party under paragraph (1), the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security.’’. 
(h) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN RELIEF FROM DISABIL -
ITIES LAWSUITS .—Section 925(c) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘If the person is subject to a disability under section 922(g)(10) of this title, any informa-tion which the Attorney General relied on 
for this determination may be withheld from the applicant if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security. In responding to the petition, the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of doc-uments containing information the disclo-sure of which the Attorney General has de-termined would likely compromise national security.’’. 
(i) P
ENALTIES .—Section 924(k) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the comma 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) constitutes an act of terrorism, or pro-
viding material support or resources for ter-rorism,’’. 
(j) R
EMEDY FOR ERRONEOUS DENIAL OF  
FIREARM OR FIREARM PERMIT EXEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 925A of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘Remedy for erroneous denial of firearm ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ Remedies ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘Any person denied a fire-
arm pursuant to subsection (s) or (t) of sec-tion 922’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) Except as provided in subsection (b), 
any person denied a firearm pursuant to sub-section (t) of section 922 or a firearm permit pursuant to a determination made under sec-tion 922B’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) In any case in which the Attorney 
General has denied the transfer of a firearm to a prospective transferee pursuant to sec-tion 922A of this title or has made a deter-mination regarding a firearm permit appli-cant pursuant to section 922B of this title, an action challenging the determination may be brought against the United States. The peti-tion shall be filed not later than 60 days after the petitioner has received actual no-tice of the Attorney General’s determination under section 922A or 922B of this title. The court shall sustain the Attorney General’s determination upon a showing by the United States by a preponderance of evidence that the Attorney General’s determination satis-fied the requirements of section 922A or 922B, as the case may be. To make this showing, the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security. Upon request of the petitioner or the court’s own motion, the court may review the full, undisclosed docu-ments ex parte and in camera. The court shall determine whether the summaries or redacted versions, as the case may be, are fair and accurate representations of the un-derlying documents. The court shall not con-sider the full, undisclosed documents in de-ciding whether the Attorney General’s deter-mination satisfies the requirements of sec-tion 922A or 922B.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 925A and inserting the following: 
‘‘925A. Remedies.’’. 
(k) P
ROVISION OF GROUNDS UNDERLYING IN-
ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION BY THE NATIONAL  
INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYS-
TEM.—Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-
lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.052 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8402 December 3, 2015 
(A) by inserting ‘‘or the Attorney General 
has made a determination regarding an ap-plicant for a firearm permit pursuant to sec-tion 922B of title 18, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘is ineligible to receive a firearm’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘except any information 
for which the Attorney General has deter-mined that disclosure would likely com-promise national security,’’ after ‘‘reasons to the individual,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)— (A) the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘or if the Attorney General 
has made a determination pursuant to sec-tion 922A or 922B of title 18, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘or State law,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, except any information 
for which the Attorney General has deter-mined that disclosure would likely com-promise national security’’ before the period at the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Any petition for review of information withheld by the Attorney General under this subsection shall be made in accordance with section 925A of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(l) U
NLAWFUL DISTRIBUTION OF EXPLOSIVES  
BASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL .—Section 842(d) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has received actual notice of the At-
torney General’s determination made pursu-ant to subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B) of section 843 of this title.’’. 
(m) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 842(i) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘; or’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) who has received actual notice of the 
Attorney General’s determination made pur-suant to subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B) of section 843 of this title,’’. 
(n) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LICENSES AND  
PERMITS .—Section 843 of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Upon’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (j), upon’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) The Attorney General may deny the 
issuance of a permit or license to an appli-cant if the Attorney General determines that the applicant or a responsible person or em-ployee possessor thereof is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion of, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use ex-plosives in connection with terrorism.’’. 
(o) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  
REVOCATION OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LI-
CENSES AND PERMITS .—Section 843(d) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(d)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘if in the opinion’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘if— 
‘‘(A) in the opinion’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘. The Secretary’s action’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(B) the Attorney General determines that 
the licensee or holder (or any responsible person or employee possessor thereof) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to 
terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and that the Attor-ney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use explosives in connection with terrorism. ‘‘(2) The Attorney General’s action’’. 
(p) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN EXPLOSIVES LICENSE  
ANDPERMIT DENIAL AND REVOCATION SUITS.— 
Section 843(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after the 
first sentence the following: ‘‘However, if the denial or revocation is based upon an Attor-ney General determination under subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B), any information which the Attorney General relied on for this deter-mination may be withheld from the peti-tioner if the Attorney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘In responding to any petition for review of a denial or revocation based upon an Attorney General determination under subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B), the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of doc-uments containing information the disclo-sure of which the Attorney General has de-termined would likely compromise national security.’’. 
(q) A
BILITY TOWITHHOLD INFORMATION IN  
COMMUNICATIONS TO EMPLOYERS .—Section 
843(h)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or in 
subsection (j) of this section (on grounds of terrorism)’’ after ‘‘section 842(i)’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
inserting ‘‘or in subsection (j) of this sec-tion,’’ after ‘‘section 842(i),’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except 
that any information that the Attorney Gen-eral relied on for a determination pursuant to subsection (j) may be withheld if the At-torney General concludes that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ after ‘‘determination’’. 
(r) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO IMMIGRA -
TION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—Section 
101(a)(43)(E)(ii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), or (10)’’. 
(s) G
UIDELINES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall issue guidelines describing the cir-cumstances under which the Attorney Gen-eral will exercise the authority and make de-terminations under subsections (d)(1)(B) and (j) of section 843 and sections 922A and 922B of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this title. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines issued under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) provide accountability and a basis for 
monitoring to ensure that the intended goals for, and expected results of, the grant of au-thority under subsections (d)(1)(B) and (j) of section 843 and sections 922A and 922B of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this title, are being achieved; and 
(B) ensure that terrorist watch list records 
are used in a manner that safeguards privacy and civil liberties protections, in accordance with requirements outlines in Homeland Se-curity Presidential Directive 11 (dated Au-gust 27, 2004). 
SA 2911. Mr. COONS (for himself, Ms. 
HIRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
and Mr. K ING) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXPANSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
CREDIT FOR EMPLOYEE HEALTH IN-SURANCE EXPENSES OF SMALL EM-PLOYERS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF DEFINITION OF ELIGIBLE  
SMALL EMPLOYER .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-
tion 45R(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘25’’ and in-serting ‘‘50’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO PHASEOUT DETERMINA -
TION.—Subsection (c) of section 45R of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
HASEOUT OF CREDIT AMOUNT BASED ON  
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AND AVERAGE  
WAGES .—The amount of the credit deter-
mined under subsection (b) (without regard to this subsection) shall be adjusted (but not below zero) by multiplying such amount by the product of— 
‘‘(1) the lesser of— ‘‘(A) a fraction the numerator of which is 
the excess (if any) of 50 over the total num-ber of full-time equivalent employees of the employer and the denominator of which is 30, and 
‘‘(B) 1, and ‘‘(2) the lesser of— ‘‘(A) a fraction— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
(if any) of— 
‘‘(I) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (d)(3)(B) for the taxable year, multi-plied by 3, over 
‘‘(II) the average annual wages of the em-
ployer for such taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount so in effect under subsection (d)(3)(B), multiplied by 2, and 
‘‘(B) 1.’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF CREDIT PERIOD .—Para-
graph (2) of section 45R(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2-consecutive-taxable year period’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘3-consecutive- taxable year period beginning with the 1st taxable year beginning after 2014 in which— 
‘‘(A) the employer (or any predecessor) of-
fers 1 or more qualified health plans to its employees through an Exchange, and 
‘‘(B) the employer (or any predecessor) 
claims the credit under this section.’’. 
(d) A
VERAGE ANNUAL WAGE LIMITATION .— 
Subparagraph (B) of section 45R(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) D
OLLAR AMOUNT .—For purposes of 
paragraph (1)(B) and subsection (c)(2), the dollar amount in effect under this paragraph is the amount equal to 110 percent of the poverty line (within the meaning of section 36B(d)(3)) for a family of 4.’’. 
(e) E
LIMINATION OF UNIFORM PERCENTAGE  
CONTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT .—Paragraph (4) 
of section 45R(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘a uni-form percentage (not less than 50 percent)’’ and inserting ‘‘at least 50 percent’’. 
(f) E
LIMINATION OF CAPRELATING TO AVER-
AGELOCAL PREMIUMS .—Subsection (b) of sec-
tion 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘the lesser of’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the aggregate amount of nonelective contributions the em-ployer made on behalf of its employees dur-ing the taxable year under the arrangement described in subsection (d)(4) for premiums for qualified health plans offered by the em-ployer to its employees through an Ex-change.’’. 
(g) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO ANNUAL WAGE 
LIMITATION .—Subparagraph (B) of section 
45R(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘twice’’ and inserting ‘‘three times’’. 
(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to amounts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.052 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8403 December 3, 2015 
paid or incurred in taxable years beginning 
after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. lll . MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after November 
30, 2015, the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on Novem-ber 30, 2015, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regu-lations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before December 1, 2015,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and (D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after November 30, 2015. 
SA 2912. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ll—PROTECT AMERICA ACT OF 
2015 
SECTION l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protect 
America Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. l02. GRANTING THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
THE AUTHORITY TO DENY THE SALE, DELIVERY, OR TRANSFER OF FIRE-ARMS TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS; REQUIRING INFORMATION SHARING REGARDING ATTEMPTED FIREARMS PURCHASES BY SUSPECTED TER-RORISTS; AUTHORIZING THE INVES-TIGATION AND ARREST OF TERROR-ISTS WHO ATTEMPT TO PURCHASE FIREARMS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Preventing Terrorists From Obtaining Firearms Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 922(t) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7)(A) If the Attorney General is notified 
of a request to transfer a firearm to a person who is a known or suspected terrorist, the Attorney General shall— 
‘‘(i) as appropriate, take further steps to 
confirm the identity of the prospective transferee and confirm or rule out the sus-pected nexus to terrorism of the prospective transferee; 
‘‘(ii) as appropriate, notify relevant Fed-
eral, State, or local law enforcement agen-cies or intelligence agencies concerning the identity of the prospective transferee; and 
‘‘(iii) determine whether the prospective 
transferee is already the subject of an ongo-ing terrorism investigation and, as appro-priate, initiate such an investigation. 
‘‘(B) Upon being notified of a prospective 
transfer under subparagraph (A), the Attor-ney General or the United States attorney for the district in which the licensee is lo-cated may— 
‘‘(i) delay the transfer of the firearm for a 
period not to exceed 72 hours; and 
‘‘(ii) file an emergency petition in a court 
of competent jurisdiction to prohibit the transfer of the firearm. 
‘‘(C)(i) An emergency petition filed under 
subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be granted upon a showing of probable cause to believe that the transferee has committed or will commit an act of terrorism. 
‘‘(ii) In the case of an emergency petition 
filed under subparagraph (B)(ii) to prohibit the transfer of a firearm, the petition may only be granted after a hearing— 
‘‘(I) of which the transferee receives actual 
notice; and 
‘‘(II) at which the transferee has an oppor-
tunity to participate with counsel. 
‘‘(D) The Attorney General may arrest and 
detain any transferee with respect to whom an emergency petition is granted under sub-paragraph (C). 
‘‘(E) For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘known or suspected ter-
rorist’ means a person determined by the At-torney General to be known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-
gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism; 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘material support or re-
sources’ has the meaning given the term in section 2339A; and 
‘‘(iii) the term ‘terrorism’ includes inter-
national terrorism and domestic terrorism, as defined in section 2331.’’. 
SEC. l03. STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND PRO-
TECT AMERICANS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act’’. 
(b) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTION DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘sanctuary jurisdic-tion’’ means any State or political subdivi-sion of a State, including any law enforce-ment entity of a State or of a political sub-division of a State, that— 
(1) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that is in violation of sub-section (a) or (b) of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373); or 
(2) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that prohibits any govern-ment entity or official from complying with a detainer that has been lawfully issued or a request to notify about the release of an alien that has been made by the Department of Homeland Security in accordance with section 236 and 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) and section 287.7 of title 8, Code of Federal Regu-lations. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON GRANTS TO SANCTUARY  
JURISDICTIONS .— 
(1) I NELIGIBILITY FOR GRANTS .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .— 
(i) SCAAP GRANTS .—A sanctuary jurisdic-
tion shall not be eligible to receive funds pursuant to the State Criminal Alien Assist-ance Program under section 241(i) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)). 
(ii) C
OPS GRANTS .—No law enforcement en-
tity of a State or of a political subdivision of a State that has a departmental policy or practice that renders it a sanctuary jurisdic-tion, and such a policy or practice is not re-quired by statute, ordinance, or other codi-fied law, or by order of a chief executive offi-cer of the jurisdiction, or the executive or legislative board of the jurisdiction, shall be eligible to receive funds directly or indi-rectly under the ‘Cops on the Beat’ program under part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.). 
(iii) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Attorney General, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall terminate the funding described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) to a State or political subdivision of a State on the date that is 30 days after the date on which a notification described in subsection (d)(2) is made to the State or subdivision, un-less the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, de-termines the State or subdivision is no longer a sanctuary jurisdiction. 
(B) C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK  
GRANTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Title I of the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— 
(I) in section 102 (42 U.S.C. 5302), by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(25) The term ‘sanctuary jurisdiction’ 
means any State or unit of general local gov-ernment that— 
‘‘(A) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that is in violation of sub-section (a) or (b) of section 642 of the Illegal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.053 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8404 December 3, 2015 
Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-
sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373); or 
‘‘(B) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that prohibits any govern-ment entity or official from complying with a detainer that has been lawfully issued or a request to notify about the release of an alien that has been made by the Department of Homeland Security in accordance with section 236 and 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) and section 287.7 of title 8, Code of Federal Regu-lations.’’; and 
(II) in section 104 (42 U.S.C. 5304)— (aa) in subsection (b)— (AA) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(BB) by redesignating paragraph (6) as 
paragraph (7); and 
(CC) by inserting after paragraph (5) the 
following: 
‘‘(6) the grantee is not a sanctuary juris-
diction and will not become a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which the grantee receives a grant under this title; and’’; and 
(bb) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS AGAINST  
CRIMINAL ALIENS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No funds authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out this title may be obligated or expended to any State or unit of general local government that is a sanc-tuary jurisdiction. 
‘‘(2) R
ETURNED AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE .—If a State is a sanctuary ju-
risdiction during the period for which the State receives amounts under this title, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall direct the State to immediately 
return to the Secretary any such amounts that have not been obligated by the State as of the date on which the State became a sanctuary jurisdiction; and 
‘‘(ii) may use any returned amounts under 
clause (i) to make grants to other States that are not sanctuary jurisdictions in ac-cordance with this title. 
‘‘(B) U
NIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERN -
MENT .—If a unit of general local government 
is a sanctuary jurisdiction during the period for which the unit of general local govern-ment receives amounts under this title, any such amounts that have not been obligated by the unit of general local government as of the date on which the unit of general local government became a sanctuary jurisdic-tion— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a unit of general local 
government that is not in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Secretary to make grants to States and other units of general local government that are not sanc-tuary jurisdictions in accordance with this title; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a unit of general local 
government that is in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Governor of the State to make grants to other units of general local government that are not sanc-tuary jurisdictions in accordance with this title. 
‘‘(o) E
NFORCEMENT AGAINST FUNDING FOR  
SANCTUARY JURISDICTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
verify, on a quarterly basis, the determina-tion of the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General as to whether a State or unit of general local government is a sanctuary jurisdiction and therefore ineli-gible to receive a grant under this title for purposes of subsections (b)(6) and (n). 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary 
verifies that a State or unit of general local government is determined to be a sanctuary jurisdiction under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall notify the State or unit of gen-eral local government that it is ineligible to 
receive a grant under this title.’’. 
(ii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by clause (i) shall only apply with re-spect to community development block grants made under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
LLOCATION .—Any funds that are not al-
located to a State or political subdivision of a State pursuant to paragraph (1) and the amendments made by paragraph (1) shall be allocated to States and political subdivisions of States that are not sanctuary jurisdic-tions. 
(3) N
OTIFICATION OF CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 5 days after a determination is made pursuant to paragraph (1) to terminate a grant or to refuse to award a grant, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report that fully de-scribes the circumstances and basis for the termination or refusal. 
(4) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly there-after, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General shall— 
(A) determine the States and political sub-
divisions of States that are sanctuary juris-dictions; 
(B) notify each such State or subdivision 
that it is determined to be a sanctuary juris-diction; and 
(C) publish on the website of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security and of the De-partment of Justice— 
(i) a list of each sanctuary jurisdiction; (ii) the total number of detainers and re-
quests for notification of the release of any alien that has been issued or made to each State or political subdivision of a State; and 
(iii) the number of such detainers and re-
quests for notification that have been ig-nored or otherwise not honored, including the name of the jurisdiction in which each such detainer or request for notification was issued or made. 
(5) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section may be construed to require law en-forcement officials of a State or a political subdivision of a State to provide the Sec-retary of Homeland Security with informa-tion related to a victim or a witness to a criminal offense. 
(d) S
TATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND IN-
DIVIDUAL COMPLIANCE WITHDETAINERS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO CARRY OUT DETAINERS .—A 
State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision that complies with a detainer issued by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— 
(A) shall be deemed to be acting as an 
agent of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and 
(B) shall have the authority available to 
employees of the Department of Homeland Security with regard to actions taken to comply with the detainer. 
(2) L
IABILITY .—In any legal proceeding 
brought against a State, a political subdivi-sion of State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision, which challenges the legality of the seizure or detention of an individual pursuant to a detainer issued by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) no liability shall lie against the State 
or political subdivision for actions taken in compliance with the detainer; 
(B) if the actions of the officer, employee, 
or agent of the State or political subdivision were taken in compliance with the de-tainer— 
(i) the officer, employee, or agent shall be 
deemed to be an employee of the Federal Government and an investigative or law en-forcement officer and to have been acting within the scope of his or her employment under section 1346(b) and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code; 
(ii) section 1346(b) of title 28, United States 
Code, shall provide the exclusive remedy for the plaintiff; and 
(iii) the United States shall be substituted 
as defendant in the proceeding. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed— 
(A) to provide immunity to any person who 
knowingly violates the civil or constitu-tional rights of an individual; or 
(B) to limit the application of the doctrine 
of official immunity or of qualified immu-nity in a civil action brought against a law 
enforcement officer acting pursuant to a de-tainer issued by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357). 
(e) I
NCREASED PENALTIES FOR REENTRY OF  
REMOVED ALIEN.—Section 276 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections 
(b) and (c), any alien who— 
‘‘(1) has been denied admission, excluded, 
deported, or removed or has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deportation, or removal is outstanding; and 
‘‘(2) thereafter enters, attempts to enter, 
or is at any time found in, the United States, unless— 
‘‘(A) prior to the alien’s reembarkation at 
a place outside the United States or the alien’s application for admission from for-eign contiguous territory, the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to such alien’s reapplying for admission; or 
‘‘(B) with respect to an alien previously de-
nied admission and removed, such alien shall establish that the alien was not required to obtain such advance consent under this Act or any prior Act; shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. 
‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES FOR REENTRY OF  
CERTAIN REMOVED ALIENS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the 
penalty provided in subsection (a), and ex-cept as provided in subsection (c), an alien described in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) who was convicted before such re-
moval or departure of three or more mis-demeanors involving drugs, crimes against the person, or both, or a felony (other than an aggravated felony), shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; 
‘‘(B) who has been excluded from the 
United States pursuant to section 235(c) be-cause the alien was excludable under section 212(a)(3)(B) or who has been removed from the United States pursuant to the provisions of title V, and who thereafter, without the permission of the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, enters the United States, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, and imprisoned for a period of 10 years, which sentence shall not run con-currently with any other sentence; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.053 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8405 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(C) who was removed from the United 
States pursuant to section 241(a)(4)(B) who thereafter, without the permission of the Secretary of Homeland Security, enters, at-tempts to enter, or is at any time found in, the United States (unless the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to such alien’s reentry) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or both; and 
‘‘(D) who has been denied admission, ex-
cluded, deported, or removed 3 or more times and thereafter enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
‘‘(2) R
EMOVAL DEFINED .—In this subsection 
and subsection (c), the term ‘removal’ in-cludes any agreement in which an alien stip-ulates to removal during (or not during) a criminal trial under either Federal or State 
law. 
‘‘(c) M
ANDATORY MINIMUM CRIMINAL PEN-
ALTY FOR REENTRY OF CERTAIN REMOVED  
ALIENS .—Notwithstanding the penalties pro-
vided in subsections (a) and (b), an alien de-scribed in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) who was convicted before such re-
moval or departure of an aggravated felony; or 
‘‘(2) who was convicted at least two times 
before such removal or departure of illegal reentry under this section; 
shall be imprisoned not less than five years 
and not more than 20 years, and may, in ad-dition, be fined under title 18, United States Code.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 242(h)(2)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 241(a)(4)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’. 
(f) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this 
section or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance is held invalid for any reason, the remainder of this section, and the application of such provision to other persons not similarly situated or to other circumstances, shall not be affected by such invalidation. 
SA 2913. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE FOR 
SENIORS RELATING TO INCOME LEVEL FOR DEDUCTION OF MED-ICAL CARE EXPENSES. 
Subsection (f) of section 213 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—In the case of any tax-
able year beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2024, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a tax-payer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 per-cent’ if such taxpayer or such taxpayer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year.’’. 
SEC. lll . FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. ‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the 
next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 2914. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
DIVISION B—PROTECTING COMMUNITIES 
AND PRESERVING THE SECOND AMEND-MENT 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be 
cited as the ‘‘Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this division is as follows: 
DIVISION B—PROTECTING COMMUNITIES 
AND PRESERVING THE SECOND AMENDMENT 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—COMBATING GUN CRIME, NICS 
REAUTHORIZATION, AND NICS IM-PROVEMENT 
Sec. 101. Reauthorization and improvements 
to NICS. 
Sec. 102. Availability of records to NICS. Sec. 103. Definitions relating to mental 
health. 
Sec. 104. Clarification that Federal court in-
formation is to be made avail-able to the national instant criminal background check sys-tem. 
Sec. 105. Reports and certifications to Con-
gress. 
Sec. 106. Increasing Federal prosecution of 
gun violence. 
Sec. 107. Prosecution of felons and fugitives 
who attempt to illegally pur-chase firearms. 
Sec. 108. Limitation on operations by the 
Department of Justice. 
Sec. 109. Straw purchasing of firearms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.053 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8406 December 3, 2015 
Sec. 110. Increased penalties for lying and 
buying. 
Sec. 111. Amendments to section 924(a). Sec. 112. Amendments to section 924(h). Sec. 113. Amendments to section 924(k). Sec. 114. Multiple sales reports for rifles and 
shotguns. 
Sec. 115. Study by the National Institutes of 
Justice and National Academy of Sciences on the causes of mass shootings. 
Sec. 116. Reports to Congress regarding am-
munition purchases by Federal agencies. 
Sec. 117. Incentives for State compliance 
with NICS mental health record requirements. 
Sec. 118. Firearm commerce modernization. Sec. 119. Firearm dealer access to law en-
forcement information. 
Sec. 120. Interstate transportation of fire-
arms or ammunition. 
TITLE II—MENTAL HEALTH 
Sec. 201. Reauthorization and additional 
amendments to the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act. 
Sec. 202. Additional purposes for Federal 
grants. 
Sec. 203. Protecting the second amendment 
rights of veterans. 
Sec. 204. Applicability of amendments. 
TITLE III—SCHOOL SAFETY 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. Grant program for school security. Sec. 303. Applications. Sec. 304. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 305. Accountability. Sec. 306. Preventing duplicative grants. 
TITLE IV—SANCTUARY CITIES 
Sec. 401. Stop Sanctuary Policies and Pro-
tect Americans. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘NICS’’ means the National 
Instant Criminal Background Check System; and 
(3) the term ‘‘relevant Federal records’’ 
means any record demonstrating that a per-son is prohibited from possessing or receiv-ing a firearm under subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. 
TITLE I—COMBATING GUN CRIME, NICS 
REAUTHORIZATION, AND NICS IM-PROVEMENT 
SEC. 101. REAUTHORIZATION AND IMPROVE-
MENTS TO NICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103 of the NICS 
Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f) and amending such subsection to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017.’’; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded 
by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(2) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The NICS Improvement Amend-
ments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) in section 102(b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (B); 
(2) in section 103(a)(1), by striking ‘‘and 
subject to section 102(b)(1)(B)’’; and 
(3) in section 104(d), by striking ‘‘section 
102(b)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(1)(B)’’. 
SEC. 102. AVAILABILITY OF RECORDS TO NICS. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—Not later than 45 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Attor-ney General shall issue guidance regarding— 
(1) the identification and sharing of rel-
evant Federal records; and 
(2) submission of the relevant Federal 
records to NICS. 
(b) P
RIORITIZATION OF RECORDS .—Each 
agency that possesses relevant Federal records shall prioritize providing the rel-evant information contained in the relevant Federal records to NICS on a regular and on-going basis in accordance with the guidance issued by the Attorney General under sub-section (a). 
(c) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 60 days after 
the Attorney General issues guidance under subsection (a), the head of each agency shall submit a report to the Attorney General that— 
(1) advises whether the agency possesses 
relevant Federal records; and 
(2) describes the implementation plan of 
the agency for making the relevant informa-tion contained in relevant Federal records available to NICS in a manner consistent with applicable law. 
(d) D
ETERMINATION OF RELEVANCE .—The 
Attorney General shall resolve any dispute regarding whether— 
(1) agency records are relevant Federal 
records; and 
(2) the relevant Federal records of an agen-
cy should be made available to NICS. 
SEC. 103. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MENTAL 
HEALTH. 
(a) T ITLE 18 D EFINITIONS .—Chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 921(a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(36)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the 
term ‘has been adjudicated mentally incom-petent or has been committed to a psy-chiatric hospital’, with respect to a person— 
‘‘(i) means the person is the subject of an 
order or finding by a judicial officer, court, board, commission, or other adjudicative body— 
‘‘(I) that was issued after— ‘‘(aa) a hearing— ‘‘(AA) of which the person received actual 
notice; and 
‘‘(BB) at which the person had an oppor-
tunity to participate with counsel; or ‘‘(bb) the person knowingly and intel-
ligently waived the opportunity for a hear-ing— 
‘‘(AA) of which the person received actual 
notice; and 
‘‘(BB) at which the person would have had 
an opportunity to participate with counsel; and 
‘‘(II) that found that the person, as a result 
of marked subnormal intelligence, mental impairment, mental illness, incompetency, condition, or disease— 
‘‘(aa) was a danger to himself or herself or 
to others; 
‘‘(bb) was guilty but mentally ill in a 
criminal case, in a jurisdiction that provides 
for such a verdict; 
‘‘(cc) was not guilty in a criminal case by 
reason of insanity or mental disease or de-fect; 
‘‘(dd) was incompetent to stand trial in a 
criminal case; 
‘‘(ee) was not guilty by reason of lack of 
mental responsibility under section 850a of title 10 (article 50a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice); 
‘‘(ff) required involuntary inpatient treat-
ment by a psychiatric hospital for any rea-son, including substance abuse; or 
‘‘(gg) required involuntary outpatient 
treatment by a psychiatric hospital based on a finding that the person is a danger to him-self or herself or to others; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include— ‘‘(I) an admission to a psychiatric hospital 
for observation; or 
‘‘(II) a voluntary admission to a psy-
chiatric hospital. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘order or 
finding’ does not include— 
‘‘(i) an order or finding that has expired, 
has been set aside, has been expunged, or is otherwise no longer applicable because a ju-dicial officer, court, board, commission, ad-judicative body, or appropriate official has found that the person who is the subject of the order or finding— 
‘‘(I) does not present a danger to himself or 
herself or to others; 
‘‘(II) has been restored to sanity or cured 
of mental disease or defect; 
‘‘(III) has been restored to competency; or ‘‘(IV) no longer requires involuntary inpa-
tient or outpatient treatment by a psy-chiatric hospital, and the person is not a danger to himself, herself, or others; or 
‘‘(ii) an order or finding with respect to 
which the person who is subject to the order or finding has been granted relief from dis-abilities under section 925(c), under a pro-gram described in section 101(c)(2)(A) or 105 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), or under any other State-authorized relief from disabil-ities program of the State in which the origi-nal commitment or adjudication occurred. 
‘‘(37) The term ‘psychiatric hospital’ in-
cludes a mental health facility, a mental hospital, a sanitarium, a psychiatric facility, and any other facility that provides diag-noses or treatment by licensed professionals of mental retardation or mental illness, in-cluding a psychiatric ward in a general hos-pital.’’; and 
(2) in section 922— (A) in subsection (d)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ and 
inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘any mental institution’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a psychiatric hospital’’; and 
(B) in subsection (g)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective or 
who has’’ and inserting ‘‘mentally incom-petent or has’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ and 
inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospital’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8407 December 3, 2015 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The NICS Improvement Amendments 
Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ 
each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ each 
place that term appears and inserting ‘‘psy-chiatric hospital’’; 
(3) in section 101(c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incompetent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘to 
the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to 
the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and 
(4) in section 102(c)(3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
AS A MENTAL DEFECTIVE OR COMMITTED TO A  
MENTAL INSTITUTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEN-
TALLY INCOMPETENT OR COMMITTED TO A PSY -
CHIATRIC HOSPITAL ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘mental institutions’’ and 
inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospitals’’. 
SEC. 104. CLARIFICATION THAT FEDERAL COURT 
INFORMATION IS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 103(e)(1) of the Brady Handgun Vio-
lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—In 
this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the 
United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and 
‘‘(ii) for purposes of any request, submis-
sion, or notification, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform the functions of the head of the department or agency.’’. 
SEC. 105. REPORTS AND CERTIFICATIONS TO 
CONGRESS. 
(a) NICS R EPORTS .—Not later than October 
1, 2013, and every year thereafter, the head of each agency that possesses relevant Federal records shall submit a report to Congress that includes— 
(1) a description of the relevant Federal 
records possessed by the agency that can be shared with NICS in a manner consistent with applicable law; 
(2) the number of relevant Federal records 
the agency submitted to NICS during the re-porting period; 
(3) efforts made to increase the percentage 
of relevant Federal records possessed by the agency that are submitted to NICS; 
(4) any obstacles to increasing the percent-
age of relevant Federal records possessed by the agency that are submitted to NICS; 
(5) measures put in place to provide notice 
and programs for relief from disabilities as required under the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) if the agency makes qualifying adjudications relating to the mental health of an indi-vidual; 
(6) measures put in place to correct, mod-
ify, or remove records available to NICS when the basis on which the records were made available no longer applies; and 
(7) additional steps that will be taken dur-
ing the 1-year period after the submission of the report to improve the processes by which relevant Federal records are— 
(A) identified; (B) made available to NICS; and (C) corrected, modified, or removed from 
NICS. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The annual report re-
quirement in subsection (a) shall not apply to an agency that, as part of a report re-quired to be submitted under subsection (a), provides certification that the agency has— 
(A) made available to NICS relevant Fed-
eral records that can be shared in a manner consistent with applicable law; 
(B) a plan to make any relevant Federal 
records available to NICS and a description of that plan; and 
(C) a plan to update, modify, or remove 
records electronically from NICS not less than quarterly as required by the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) and a description of that plan. 
(2) F
REQUENCY .—Each agency that is not 
required to submit annual reports under paragraph (1) shall submit an annual certifi-cation to Congress attesting that the agency continues to submit relevant Federal records to NICS and has corrected, modified, or re-moved records available to NICS when the basis on which the records were made avail-able no longer applies. 
(c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS ON FIREARMS  
PROSECUTIONS .— 
(1) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Beginning Feb-
ruary 1, 2014, and on February 1 of each year thereafter through 2023, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report of information gathered under this subsection during the fiscal year that ended on September 30 of the preceding year. 
(2) S
UBJECT OF ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall require each component of the Department of Jus-tice, including each United States Attor-ney’s Office, to furnish for the purposes of 
the report described in paragraph (1), infor-mation relating to any case presented to the Department of Justice for review or prosecu-tion, in which the objective facts of the case provide probable cause to believe that there has been a violation of sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(3) E
LEMENTS OF ANNUAL REPORT .—With re-
spect to each case described in paragraph (2), the report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include information indicating— 
(A) whether in any such case, a decision 
has been made not to charge an individual with a violation of sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or any other violation of Federal criminal law; 
(B) in any case described in subparagraph 
(A), a description of why no charge was filed under sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986; 
(C) whether in any case described in para-
graph (2), an indictment, information, or other charge has been brought against any person, or the matter is pending; 
(D) whether, in the case of an indictment, 
information, or other charge described in subparagraph (C), the charging document contains a count or counts alleging a viola-tion of sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986; 
(E) in any case described in subparagraph 
(D) in which the charging document contains a count or counts alleging a violation of sec-tions 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, whether a plea agreement of any kind has been entered into with such charged in-dividual; (F) whether any plea agreement described 
in subparagraph (E) required that the indi-vidual plead guilty, to enter a plea of nolo contendere, or otherwise caused a court to enter a conviction against that individual for a violation of sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(G) in any case described in subparagraph 
(F) in which the plea agreement did not re-quire that the individual plead guilty, enter a plea of nolo contendere, or otherwise cause a court to enter a conviction against that in-dividual for a violation of sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, identifica-tion of the charges to which that individual did plead guilty; 
(H) in the case of an indictment, informa-
tion, or other charge described in subpara-graph (C), in which the charging document contains a count or counts alleging a viola-tion of sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, the result of any trial of such charges (guilty, not guilty, mistrial); 
(I) in the case of an indictment, informa-
tion, or other charge described in subpara-graph (C), in which the charging document did not contain a count or counts alleging a violation of sections 922 and 924, United States Code, and section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the nature of the other charges brought and the result of any trial of such other charges as have been brought (guilty, not guilty, mistrial); 
(J) the number of persons who attempted 
to purchase a firearm but were denied be-cause of a background check conducted in accordance with section 922(t) of title 18, United States Code; and 
(K) the number of prosecutions conducted 
in relation to persons described in subpara-graph (J). 
SEC. 106. INCREASING FEDERAL PROSECUTION 
OF GUN VIOLENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall establish in jurisdic-tions specified in subsection (c) a program that meets the requirements of subsection (b), to be known as the ‘‘Nationwide Project Exile Expansion’’. 
(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—Each program es-
tablished under subsection (a) shall, for the jurisdiction concerned— 
(1) provide for coordination with State and 
local law enforcement officials in the identi-fication of violations of Federal firearms laws; 
(2) provide for the establishment of agree-
ments with State and local law enforcement officials for the referral to the Bureau of Al-cohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives and the United States Attorney for prosecu-tion of persons arrested for violations of sec-tion 922 or section 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, relating to firearms; 
(3) provide for the establishment of multi- 
jurisdictional task forces, coordinated by the Executive Office of the United States attor-neys to investigate and prosecute illegal straw purchasing rings that purchase fire-arms in one jurisdiction and transfer them to another; 
(4) require that the United States attorney 
designate not less than 1 assistant United States attorney to prosecute violations of Federal firearms laws; 
(5) provide for the hiring of agents for the 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to investigate violations of the provisions referred to in paragraph (2), United States Code, relating to firearms; and 
(6) ensure that each person referred to the 
United States attorney under paragraph (2) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8408 December 3, 2015 
be charged with a violation of the most seri-
ous Federal firearm offense consistent with the act committed. 
(c) C
OVERED JURISDICTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the jurisdictions specified in this subsection are— 
(A) the 10 jurisdictions with a population 
equal to or greater than 100,000 persons that had the highest total number of homicides according to the uniform crime report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the most recent year available; 
(B) the 5 jurisdictions with such a popu-
lation, other than the jurisdictions covered by paragraph (1), with the highest per capita rate of homicide according to the uniform crime report of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation for the most recent year available; and 
(C) the 3 tribal jurisdictions that have the 
highest homicide crime rates, as determined by the Attorney General. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The 15 jurisdictions de-
scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall not include any jurisdiction other than those within the 50 States. 
(d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, an annually thereafter, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report containing the following infor-mation: 
(1) The number of individuals indicted for 
such violations of Federal firearms laws dur-ing that year by reason of the program. 
(2) The increase or decrease in the number 
of individuals indicted for such violations of Federal firearms laws during that year by reason of the program when compared with the year preceding that year. 
(3) The number of individuals held without 
bond in anticipation of prosecution by rea-son of the program. 
(4) To the extent the information is avail-
able, the average length of prison sentence of the individuals convicted of violations of Federal firearms laws by reason of the pro-gram. 
(5) The number of multi-jurisdiction task 
forces established and the number of individ-uals arrested, indicted, convicted or acquit-ted of charges for violations of the specific crimes listed in subsection (b)(2). 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out the program under this section $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016, which shall be used for salaries and expenses of assistant United States attorneys and Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms, and Explosives agents. 
(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(A) A SSISTANT UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS .— 
The assistant United States attorneys hired using amounts authorized to be appropriated under paragraph (1) shall prosecute viola-tions of Federal firearms laws in accordance with subsection (b)(2). 
(B) ATF 
AGENTS .—The Bureau of Alcohol, 
Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives agents hired using amounts authorized to be appro-priated under paragraph (1) shall, to the maximum extent practicable, concentrate their investigations on violations of Federal firearms laws in accordance with subsection (b)(2). 
SEC. 107. PROSECUTION OF FELONS AND FUGI-
TIVES WHO ATTEMPT TO ILLEGALLY PURCHASE FIREARMS. 
(a) T ASKFORCE .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a 
task force within the Department of Justice, which shall be known as the Felon and Fugi-tive Firearm Task Force (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’), to strengthen the efforts of the Department of Justice to 
investigate and prosecute cases of convicted felons and fugitives from justice who ille-gally attempt to purchase a firearm. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the Task 
Force shall be— 
(A) the Deputy Attorney General, who 
shall serve as the Chairperson of the Task Force; 
(B) the Assistant Attorney General for the 
Criminal Division; 
(C) the Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, 
Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives; 
(D) the Director of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation; and 
(E) such other officers or employees of the 
Department of Justice as the Attorney Gen-eral may designate. 
(3) D
UTIES .—The Task Force shall— 
(A) provide direction for the investigation 
and prosecution of cases of convicted felons and fugitives from justice attempting to ille-gally purchase a firearm; and 
(B) provide recommendations to the Attor-
ney General relating to— 
(i) the allocation and reallocation of re-
sources of the Department of Justice for in-vestigation and prosecution of cases of con-victed felons and fugitives from justice at-
tempting to illegally purchase a firearm; 
(ii) enhancing cooperation among agencies 
and entities of the Federal Government in the investigation and prosecution of cases of convicted felons and fugitives from justice attempting to illegally purchase a firearm; 
(iii) enhancing cooperation among Federal, 
State, and local authorities responsible for the investigation and prosecution of cases of convicted felons and fugitives from justice attempting to illegally purchase a firearm; and 
(iv) changes in rules, regulations, or policy 
to improve the effective investigation and prosecution of cases of convicted felons and fugitives from justice attempting to illegally purchase a firearm. 
(4) M
EETINGS .—The Task Force shall meet 
not less than once a year. 
(5) T ERMINATION .—The Task Force shall 
terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR USE OF FUNDS .— 
Section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the 
following: 
‘‘(J) the investigation and prosecution of 
cases of convicted felons and fugitives from justice who illegally attempt to purchase a firearm, in accordance with section 107 of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015, provided that— 
‘‘(i) not more than $10,000,000 shall be 
available to the Attorney General for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018 under this sub-paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) not more than 5 percent of the 
amounts made available under this subpara-graph may be used for the administrative costs of the task force established under sec-tion 107 of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 108. LIMITATION ON OPERATIONS BY THE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. 
The Department of Justice, and any of its 
law enforcement coordinate agencies, shall not conduct any operation where a Federal firearms licensee is directed, instructed, en-ticed, or otherwise encouraged by the De-partment of Justice to sell a firearm to an individual if the Department of Justice, or a coordinate agency, knows or has reasonable cause to believe that such an individual is 
purchasing on behalf of another for an illegal purpose unless the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, or the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division personally reviews and approves the oper-ation, in writing, and determines that the agency has prepared an operational plan that includes sufficient safeguards to prevent firearms from being transferred to third par-ties without law enforcement taking reason-able steps to lawfully interdict those fire-arms. 
SEC. 109. STRAW PURCHASING OF FIREARMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 932. Straw purchasing of firearms 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘crime of violence’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 924(c)(3); 
‘‘(2) the term ‘drug trafficking crime’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 924(c)(2); and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘Federal crime of terrorism’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 2332b(g). 
‘‘(b) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful for any 
person to— 
‘‘(1) purchase or otherwise obtain a fire-
arm, which has been shipped, transported, or received in interstate or foreign commerce, for or on behalf of any other person who the person purchasing or otherwise obtaining the firearm knows— 
‘‘(A) is prohibited from possessing or re-
ceiving a firearm under subsection (g) or (n) of section 922; 
‘‘(B) intends to use, carry, possess, or sell 
or otherwise dispose of the firearm in fur-therance of a crime of violence, a drug traf-ficking crime, or a Federal crime of ter-rorism; 
‘‘(C) intends to engage in conduct that 
would constitute a crime of violence, a drug trafficking crime, or a Federal crime of ter-rorism if the conduct had occurred within the United States; or 
‘‘(D) is not a resident of any State and is 
not a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States; or 
‘‘(2) willfully procure another to engage in 
conduct described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (b) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both. 
‘‘§ 933. Trafficking in firearms 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘crime of violence’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 924(c)(3); 
‘‘(2) the term ‘drug trafficking crime’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 924(c)(2); and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘Federal crime of terrorism’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 2332b(g). 
‘‘(b) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful for any 
person to— 
‘‘(1) ship, transport, transfer, or otherwise 
dispose of 2 or more firearms to another per-son in or otherwise affecting interstate or foreign commerce, if the transferor knows that the use, carrying, or possession of a firearm by the transferee would violate sub-section (g) or (n) of section 922, or constitute a crime of violence, a drug trafficking crime, 
or a Federal crime of terrorism; 
‘‘(2) receive from another person 2 or more 
firearms in or otherwise affecting interstate or foreign commerce, if the recipient— 
‘‘(A) knows that such receipt would violate 
subsection (g) or (n) of section 922; or 
‘‘(B) intends to use the firearm in further-
ance of a crime of violence, a drug traf-ficking crime, or a Federal crime of ter-rorism; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8409 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(3) attempt or conspire to commit the 
conduct described in paragraph (1) or (2). 
‘‘(c) P ENALTIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any person who violates 
subsection (b) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both. 
‘‘(2) O
RGANIZER .—If a violation of sub-
section (b) is committed by a person acting in concert with other persons as an orga-nizer, leader, supervisor, or manager, the person shall be fined under this title, impris-oned not more than 20 years, or both.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 931 the following: 
‘‘932. Straw purchasing of firearms. 
‘‘933. Trafficking in firearms.’’. 
(c) D
IRECTIVE TO THE SENTENCING COMMIS -
SION.—Pursuant to its authority under sec-
tion 994 of title 28, United States Code, and in accordance with this section, the United States Sentencing Commission shall review and amend its guidelines and policy state-ments to ensure that persons convicted of an offense under section 932 or 933 of title 18, United States Code, and other offenses appli-cable to the straw purchases and firearms trafficking of firearms are subject to in-creased penalties in comparison to those cur-rently provided by the guidelines and policy statements for such straw purchasing and firearms trafficking offenses. In its review, the Commission shall consider, in particular, an appropriate amendment to reflect the in-tent of Congress that straw purchasers with-out significant criminal histories receive sentences that are sufficient to deter partici-pation in such activities. The Commission shall also review and amend its guidelines and policy statements to reflect the intent of Congress that a person convicted of an of-fense under section 932 or 933 of title 18, United States Code, who is affiliated with a gang, cartel, organized crime ring, or other such enterprise should be subject to higher penalties than an otherwise unaffiliated in-dividual. 
SEC. 110. INCREASED PENALTIES FOR LYING AND 
BUYING. 
Section 924(a)(1) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘five years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘5 years (or, in the case of a violation under subpara-graph (A), not more than 10 years)’’. 
SEC. 111. AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 924(a). 
Section 924(a) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(d), (g),’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) Whoever knowingly violates sub-
section (d), (g), or (n) of section 922 shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 112. AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 924(h). 
Section 924 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by striking subsection (h) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(h) Whoever knowingly receives or trans-
fers a firearm or ammunition, or attempts or conspires to do so, knowing that such fire-arm or ammunition will be used to commit a crime of violence (as defined in subsection (c)(3)), a drug trafficking crime (as defined in subsection (c)(2)), a Federal crime of ter-rorism (as defined in section 2332b(g)), or a crime under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.), the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), or the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.), shall be imprisoned not more than 15 years, fined in accordance with this title, or both.’’. SEC. 113. AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 924(k). 
Section 924 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by striking subsection (k) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(k)(1) A person who, with intent to engage 
in or promote conduct that— 
‘‘(A) is punishable under the Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), or chapter 705 of title 46; 
‘‘(B) violates any law of a State relating to 
any controlled substance (as defined in sec-tion 102 of the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. 802); 
‘‘(C) constitutes a crime of violence (as de-
fined in subsection (c)(3)); or 
‘‘(D) constitutes a Federal crime of ter-
rorism (as defined in section 2332b(g)), 
smuggles or knowingly brings into the 
United States, a firearm or ammunition, or attempts or conspires to do so, shall be im-prisoned not more than 15 years, fined under this title, or both. 
‘‘(2) A person who, with intent to engage in 
or to promote conduct that— 
‘‘(A) would be punishable under the Con-
trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), the Controlled Substances Import and Ex-port Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), or chapter 705 of title 46, if the conduct had occurred within the United States; or 
‘‘(B) would constitute a crime of violence 
(as defined in subsection (c)(3)) or a Federal crime of terrorism (as defined in section 2332b(g)) for which the person may be pros-ecuted in a court of the United States, if the conduct had occurred within the United States, 
smuggles or knowingly takes out of the 
United States, a firearm or ammunition, or attempts or conspires to do so, shall be im-prisoned not more than 15 years, fined under this title, or both.’’. 
SEC. 114. MULTIPLE SALES REPORTS FOR RIFLES 
AND SHOTGUNS. 
Section 923(g)(5) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) The Attorney General may not re-
quire a licensee to submit ongoing or peri-odic reporting of the sale or other disposi-tion of 2 or more rifles or shotguns during a specified period of time.’’. 
SEC. 115. STUDY BY THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES 
OF JUSTICE AND NATIONAL ACAD-EMY OF SCIENCES ON THE CAUSES OF MASS SHOOTINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) S TUDY .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall instruct the Director of the National Institutes of Justice, to conduct a peer-reviewed study to examine various sources and causes of mass shootings includ-ing psychological factors, the impact of vio-lent video games, and other factors. The Di-rector shall enter into a contract with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct this study jointly with an independent panel of 5 experts appointed by the Academy. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the study required under paragraph (1) begins, the Directors shall sub-mit to Congress a report detailing the find-ings of the study. 
(b) I
SSUES EXAMINED .—The study con-
ducted under subsection (a)(1) shall exam-ine— 
(1) mental illness; (2) the availability of mental health and 
other resources and strategies to help fami-lies detect and counter tendencies toward vi-olence; 
(3) the availability of mental health and 
other resources at schools to help detect and counter tendencies of students towards vio-lence; (4) the extent to which perpetrators of 
mass shootings, either alleged, convicted, de-ceased, or otherwise, played violent or adult- themed video games and whether the per-petrators of mass shootings discussed, planned, or used violent or adult-themed video games in preparation of or to assist in carrying out their violent actions; 
(5) familial relationships, including the 
level of involvement and awareness of par-ents; 
(6) exposure to bullying; and (7) the extent to which perpetrators of 
mass shootings were acting in a ‘‘copycat’’ manner based upon previous violent events. 
SEC. 116. REPORTS TO CONGRESS REGARDING 
AMMUNITION PURCHASES BY FED-ERAL AGENCIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, shall report to the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, the President Pro Tempore of the Sen-ate, and the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the House and Senate Committee on Ap-propriations and the Committee on the Judi-ciary, the House Committee on Homeland Security, the Senate Committee on Home-land Security and Government Affairs, and the House Committee on Government Re-form and Oversight, a report including— 
(1) details of all purchases of ammunition 
by each Federal agency; 
(2) a summary of all purchases, solicita-
tions, and expenditures on ammunition by each Federal agency; 
(3) a summary of all the rounds of ammuni-
tion expended by each Federal agency and a current listing of stockpiled ammunition for each Federal agency; and 
(4) an estimate of future ammunition needs 
and purchases for each Federal agency for the next fiscal year. 
SEC. 117. INCENTIVES FOR STATE COMPLIANCE 
WITH NICS MENTAL HEALTH RECORD REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 104(b) of the NICS Improvement 
Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in paragraph (2), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘of paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘of paragraph (1)’’; and 
(4) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) I
NCENTIVES FOR PROVIDING MENTAL  
HEALTH RECORDS AND FIXING THE BACKGROUND  
CHECK SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION OF COMPLIANT STATE .—In 
this paragraph, the term ‘compliant State’ means a State that has— 
‘‘(i) provided not less than 90 percent of the 
records required to be provided under sec-tions 102 and 103; or 
‘‘(ii) in effect a statute that— ‘‘(I) requires the State to provide the 
records required to be provided under sec-tions 102 and 103; and 
‘‘(II) implements a relief from disabilities 
program in accordance with section 105. 
‘‘(B) I
NCENTIVES FOR COMPLIANCE .—During 
the period beginning on the date that is 18 months after the enactment of the Pro-tecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015 and ending on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of such Act, the Attorney Gen-eral— 
‘‘(i) shall use funds appropriated to carry 
out section 103 of this Act, the excess unobli-gated balances of the Department of Justice and funds withheld under clause (ii), or any combination thereof, to increase the amounts available under section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) for each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8410 December 3, 2015 
compliant State in an amount that is not 
less than 2 percent nor more than 5 percent of the amount that was allocated to such State under such section 505 in the previous fiscal year; and 
‘‘(ii) may withhold an amount not to ex-
ceed the amount described in clause (i) that would otherwise be allocated to a State under any section of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) if the State— 
‘‘(I) is not a compliant State; and ‘‘(II) does not submit an assurance to the 
Attorney General that— 
‘‘(aa) an amount that is not less than the 
amount described in clause (i) will be used solely for the purpose of enabling the State to become a compliant State; or 
‘‘(bb) the State will hold in abeyance an 
amount that is not less than the amount de-scribed in clause (i) until such State has be-come a compliant State. 
‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the enactment of the Protecting Com-munities and Preserving the Second Amend-ment Act of 2015, the Attorney General shall issue regulations implementing this para-graph.’’. 
SEC. 118. FIREARM COMMERCE MODERNIZATION. 
(a) F IREARMS DISPOSITIONS .—Section 
922(b)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘located’’ and inserting ‘‘lo-cated or temporarily located’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘rifle or shotgun’’ and in-
serting ‘‘firearm’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘located’’ and inserting 
‘‘located or temporarily located’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘both such States’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the State in which the transfer is conducted and the State of residence of the transferee’’. 
(b) D
EALER LOCATION .—Section 923 of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (j)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, and 
such location is in the State which is speci-fied on the license’’; and 
(B) in the last sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘transfer,’’ after ‘‘sell,’’; 
and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Act,’’ and all that follows 
and inserting ‘‘Act.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) Nothing in this chapter shall be con-
strued to prohibit the sale, transfer, deliv-ery, or other disposition of a firearm or am-munition— 
‘‘(1) by a person licensed under this chapter 
to another person so licensed, at any loca-tion in any State; or 
‘‘(2) by a licensed importer, licensed manu-
facturer, or licensed dealer to a person not licensed under this chapter, at a temporary location described in subsection (j) in any State.’’. 
(c) R
ESIDENCE OF UNITED STATES OFFI-
CERS.—Section 921 of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) For purposes of this chapter: ‘‘(1) A member of the Armed Forces on ac-
tive duty, or a spouse of such a member, is a resident of— 
‘‘(A) the State in which the member or 
spouse maintains legal residence; 
‘‘(B) the State in which the permanent 
duty station of the member is located; and 
‘‘(C) the State in which the member main-
tains a place of abode from which the mem-ber commutes each day to the permanent duty station of the member. 
‘‘(2) An officer or employee of the United 
States (other than a member of the Armed Forces) who is stationed outside the United States for a period of more than 1 year, and 
a spouse of such an officer or employee, is a resident of the State in which the person maintains legal residence.’’. 
SEC. 119. FIREARM DEALER ACCESS TO LAW EN-
FORCEMENT INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103(b) of the 
Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015, the Attorney Gen-eral shall promulgate regulations allowing licensees to use the national instant crimi-nal background check system established under this section for purposes of conducting voluntary, no fee employment background checks on current or prospective employees. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—Before conducting an em-
ployment background check relating to an individual under subparagraph (A), a licensee shall— 
‘‘(i) provide written notice to the indi-
vidual that the licensee intends to conduct the background check; and 
‘‘(ii) obtain consent to conduct the back-
ground check from the individual in writing. 
‘‘(C) E
XEMPTION .—An employment back-
ground check conducted by a licensee under subparagraph (A) shall not governed by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.). 
‘‘(D) A
PPEAL .—Any individual who is the 
subject of an employment background check conducted by a licensee under subparagraph (A) the result of which indicates that the in-dividual is a prohibited from possessing a firearm or ammunition pursuant to sub-section (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, may appeal the results of the background check in the same manner and to the same extent as if the individual had been the subject of a background check relating to the transfer of a firearm.’’. 
(b) A
CQUISITION , PRESERVATION , AND EX-
CHANGE OF IDENTIFICATION RECORDS AND IN-
FORMATION .—Section 534 of title 28, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) provide a person licensed as an im-
porter, manufacturer, or dealer of firearms under chapter 44 of title 18 with information necessary to verify whether firearms offered for sale to such licensees have been stolen.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, except 
for dissemination authorized under sub-section (a)(5) of this section’’ before the pe-riod. 
(c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and without regard to chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, the Attorney General shall pro-mulgate regulations allowing a person li-censed as an importer, manufacturer, or dealer of firearms under chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to receive access to records of stolen firearms maintained by the National Crime Information Center operated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, sole-ly for the purpose of voluntarily verifying whether firearms offered for sale to such li-censees have been stolen. 
(d) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION ; EVIDENCE .— (1) S TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed— 
(A) to create a cause of action against any 
person licensed as an importer, manufac-turer, or dealer of firearms under chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code or any other person for any civil liability; or 
(B) to establish any standard of care. (2) E
VIDENCE .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, evidence regarding the use or non-use by a person licensed as an im-porter, manufacturer, or dealer of firearms under chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code of the systems, information, or records made available under this section or the amendments made by this section shall not be admissible as evidence in any proceeding of any court, agency, board, or other entity. 
SEC. 120. INTERSTATE TRANSPORTATION OF 
FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 926A of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 926A. Interstate transportation of firearms 
or ammunition 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘transport’ includes staying in temporary lodging overnight, stopping for food, fuel, ve-hicle maintenance, an emergency, medical treatment, and any other activity incidental to the transport. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of any law (including a rule or reg-ulation) of a State or any political subdivi-sion thereof, a person who is not prohibited by this chapter from possessing, trans-porting, shipping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition shall be entitled to— 
‘‘(1) transport a firearm for any lawful pur-
pose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the fire-arm to any other such place if, during the transportation— 
‘‘(A) the firearm is unloaded; and ‘‘(B)(i) if the transportation is by motor 
vehicle— 
‘‘(I) the firearm is not directly accessible 
from the passenger compartment of the motor vehicle; or 
‘‘(II) if the motor vehicle is without a com-
partment separate from the passenger com-partment, the firearm is— 
‘‘(aa) in a locked container other than the 
glove compartment or console; or 
‘‘(bb) secured by a secure gun storage or 
safety device; or 
‘‘(ii) if the transportation is by other 
means, the firearm is in a locked container or secured by a secure gun storage or safety device; and 
‘‘(2) transport ammunition for any lawful 
purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the ammunition, to any other such place if, dur-ing the transportation— 
‘‘(A) the ammunition is not loaded into a 
firearm; and 
‘‘(B)(i) if the transportation is by motor 
vehicle— 
‘‘(I) the ammunition is not directly acces-
sible from the passenger compartment of the motor vehicle; or 
‘‘(II) if the motor vehicle is without a com-
partment separate from the passenger com-partment, the ammunition is in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console; or 
‘‘(ii) if the transportation is by other 
means, the ammunition is in a locked con-tainer. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE LAW.— 
‘‘(1) A RREST AUTHORITY .—A person who is 
transporting a firearm or ammunition may not be— 
‘‘(A) arrested for violation of any law or 
any rule or regulation of a State, or any po-litical subdivision thereof, relating to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8411 December 3, 2015 
possession, transportation, or carrying of 
firearms or ammunition, unless there is probable cause to believe that the transpor-tation is not in accordance with subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) detained for violation of any law or 
any rule or regulation of a State, or any po-litical subdivision thereof, relating to the possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms or ammunition, unless there is rea-sonable suspicion that the transportation is not in accordance with subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) P
ROSECUTION .— 
‘‘(A) B URDEN OF PROOF .—If a person asserts 
this section as a defense in a criminal pro-ceeding, the government shall bear the bur-den of proving, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the conduct of the person was not in ac-cordance with subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) P
REVAILING DEFENDANT .—If a person 
successfully asserts this section as a defense in a criminal proceeding, the court shall award the prevailing defendant reasonable attorney’s fees.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 926A and inserting the following: 
‘‘926A. Interstate transportation of firearms or 
ammunition.’’. 
TITLE II—MENTAL HEALTH 
SEC. 201. REAUTHORIZATION AND ADDITIONAL 
AMENDMENTS TO THE MENTALLY ILL OFFENDER TREATMENT AND CRIME REDUCTION ACT. 
(a) S AFECOMMUNITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2991(a) of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (7)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘M
ENTAL  
ILLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘M ENTAL ILLNESS ; 
MENTAL HEALTH DISORDER ’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘term ‘mental illness’ 
means’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘mental illness’ and ‘mental health disorder’ mean’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(9) P
RELIMINARILY QUALIFIED OFFENDER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘preliminarily 
qualified offender’ means an adult or juve-nile accused of an offense who— 
‘‘(i)(I) previously or currently has been di-
agnosed by a qualified mental health profes-sional as having a mental illness or co-occur-ring mental illness and substance abuse dis-orders; 
‘‘(II) manifests obvious signs of mental ill-
ness or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorders during arrest or con-finement or before any court; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a veterans treatment 
court provided under subsection (i), has been diagnosed with, or manifests obvious signs of, mental illness or a substance abuse dis-order or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorder; and 
‘‘(ii) has been unanimously approved for 
participation in a program funded under this section by, when appropriate, the relevant— 
‘‘(I) prosecuting attorney; ‘‘(II) defense attorney; ‘‘(III) probation or corrections official; ‘‘(IV) judge; and ‘‘(V) a representative from the relevant 
mental health agency described in sub-section (b)(5)(B)(i). 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—In determining 
whether to designate a defendant as a pre-liminarily qualified offender, the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge, and mental health or substance abuse agency representative shall take into account— 
‘‘(i) whether the participation of the de-
fendant in the program would pose a sub-stantial risk of violence to the community; ‘‘(ii) the criminal history of the defendant 
and the nature and severity of the offense for which the defendant is charged; 
‘‘(iii) the views of any relevant victims to 
the offense; 
‘‘(iv) the extent to which the defendant 
would benefit from participation in the pro-gram; 
‘‘(v) the extent to which the community 
would realize cost savings because of the de-fendant’s participation in the program; and 
‘‘(vi) whether the defendant satisfies the 
eligibility criteria for program participation unanimously established by the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge and men-tal health or substance abuse agency rep-
resentative.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 2927(2) of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797s–6(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘has the meaning given that term in section 2991(a).’’ and inserting ‘‘means an offense that— 
‘‘(A) does not have as an element the use, 
attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of an-other; or 
‘‘(B) is not a felony that by its nature in-
volves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in the course of committing the offense.’’. 
(b) E
VIDENCE BASED PRACTICES .—Section 
2991(c) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) propose interventions that have been 
shown by empirical evidence to reduce re-cidivism; 
‘‘(5) when appropriate, use validated as-
sessment tools to target preliminarily quali-fied offenders with a moderate or high risk of recidivism and a need for treatment and services; or’’. 
(c) A
CADEMY TRAINING .—Section 2991(h) of 
title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(h)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(F) A
CADEMY TRAINING .—To provide sup-
port for academy curricula, law enforcement officer orientation programs, continuing education training, and other programs that teach law enforcement personnel how to identify and respond to incidents involving persons with mental health disorders or co- occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—The Attor-
ney General, in awarding grants under this subsection, shall give priority to programs that law enforcement personnel and mem-bers of the mental health and substance abuse professions develop and administer co-operatively.’’. 
(d) A
SSISTING VETERANS .— 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-
section (n); and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (h) the 
following: 
‘‘(i) A
SSISTING VETERANS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) P EER TO PEER SERVICES OR PRO -
GRAMS .—The term ‘peer to peer services or 
programs’ means services or programs that connect qualified veterans with other vet-
erans for the purpose of providing support and mentorship to assist qualified veterans in obtaining treatment, recovery, stabiliza-tion, or rehabilitation. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED VETERAN .—The term ‘quali-
fied veteran’ means a preliminarily qualified offender who— 
‘‘(i) has served on active duty in any 
branch of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard and reserve components; and 
‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such 
service under conditions other than dishon-orable. 
‘‘(C) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘veterans treatment court 
program’ means a court program involving collaboration among criminal justice, vet-erans, and mental health and substance abuse agencies that provides qualified vet-erans with— 
‘‘(i) intensive judicial supervision and case 
management, which may include random and frequent drug testing where appropriate; 
‘‘(ii) a full continuum of treatment serv-
ices, including mental health services, sub-stance abuse services, medical services, and services to address trauma; 
‘‘(iii) alternatives to incarceration; and ‘‘(iv) other appropriate services, including 
housing, transportation, mentoring, employ-ment, job training, education, and assistance in applying for and obtaining available bene-fits. 
‘‘(2) V
ETERANS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, may award grants under this subsection to applicants to establish or ex-pand— 
‘‘(i) veterans treatment court programs; ‘‘(ii) peer to peer services or programs for 
qualified veterans; 
‘‘(iii) practices that identify and provide 
treatment, rehabilitation, legal, transi-tional, and other appropriate services to qualified veterans who have been incarcer-ated; and 
‘‘(iv) training programs to teach criminal 
justice, law enforcement, corrections, men-tal health, and substance abuse personnel how to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving qualified veterans. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Attorney General shall give priority to applications that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrate collaboration between 
and joint investments by criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, and vet-erans service agencies; 
‘‘(ii) promote effective strategies to iden-
tify and reduce the risk of harm to qualified veterans and public safety; and 
‘‘(iii) propose interventions with empirical 
support to improve outcomes for qualified veterans.’’. 
(e) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITIES ; H IGH UTI-
LIZERS .—Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (i), as so added by subsection (d), the following: 
‘‘(j) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) C ORRECTIONAL FACILITY .—The term 
‘correctional facility’ means a jail, prison, or other detention facility used to house people who have been arrested, detained, held, or convicted by a criminal justice agency or a court. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE INMATE .—The term ‘eligible 
inmate’ means an individual who— 
‘‘(i) is being held, detained, or incarcerated 
in a correctional facility; and 
‘‘(ii) manifests obvious signs of a mental 
illness or has been diagnosed by a qualified mental health professional as having a men-tal illness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8412 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(2) C ORRECTIONAL FACILITY GRANTS .—The 
Attorney General may award grants to appli-cants to enhance the capabilities of a correc-tional facility— 
‘‘(A) to identify and screen for eligible in-
mates; 
‘‘(B) to plan and provide— ‘‘(i) initial and periodic assessments of the 
clinical, medical, and social needs of in-mates; and 
‘‘(ii) appropriate treatment and services 
that address the mental health and sub-stance abuse needs of inmates; 
‘‘(C) to develop, implement, and enhance— ‘‘(i) post-release transition plans for eligi-
ble inmates that, in a comprehensive man-ner, coordinate health, housing, medical, employment, and other appropriate services and public benefits; 
‘‘(ii) the availability of mental health care 
services and substance abuse treatment serv-ices; and 
‘‘(iii) alternatives to solitary confinement 
and segregated housing and mental health screening and treatment for inmates placed in solitary confinement or segregated hous-ing; and 
‘‘(D) to train each employee of the correc-
tional facility to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving inmates with mental health or co-occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders. 
‘‘(k) D
EMONSTRATION GRANTS RESPONDING  
TOHIGHUTILIZERS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘high utilizer’ means an individual who— 
‘‘(A) manifests obvious signs of mental ill-
ness or has been diagnosed by a qualified mental health professional as having a men-tal illness; and 
‘‘(B) consumes a significantly dispropor-
tionate quantity of public resources, such as emergency, housing, judicial, corrections, and law enforcement services. 
‘‘(2) D
EMONSTRATION GRANTS RESPONDING TO  
HIGH UTILIZERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
may award not more than 6 grants per year under this subsection to applicants for the purpose of reducing the use of public services by high utilizers. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF GRANTS .—A recipient of a 
grant awarded under this subsection may use the grant— 
‘‘(i) to develop or support multidisci-
plinary teams that coordinate, implement, and administer community-based crisis re-sponses and long-term plans for high uti-lizers; 
‘‘(ii) to provide training on how to respond 
appropriately to the unique issues involving high utilizers for public service personnel, including criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, emergency room, healthcare, law enforcement, corrections, and housing personnel; 
‘‘(iii) to develop or support alternatives to 
hospital and jail admissions for high uti-lizers that provide treatment, stabilization, and other appropriate supports in the least restrictive, yet appropriate, environment; or 
‘‘(iv) to develop protocols and systems 
among law enforcement, mental health, sub-stance abuse, housing, corrections, and emergency medical service operations to provide coordinated assistance to high uti-lizers. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than the last day 
of the first year following the fiscal year in which a grant is awarded under this sub-section, the recipient of the grant shall sub-mit to the Attorney General a report that— 
‘‘(i) measures the performance of the grant 
recipient in reducing the use of public serv-ices by high utilizers; and 
‘‘(ii) provides a model set of practices, sys-
tems, or procedures that other jurisdictions can adopt to reduce the use of public services 
by high utilizers.’’. 
(f) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY .—Section 2991 of 
the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (i), as so added by subsection (e), the following: 
‘‘(l) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded 
by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient 
of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. 
‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is 
awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the 
amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a grant under this part to a section organization that holds money in off-shore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-
zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for 
public inspection. 
‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts authorized 
to be appropriated to the Department of Jus-tice under this section may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or support any expenditure for con-ferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available by the Department of Jus-tice, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior writ-ten authorization that the funds may be ex-pended to host the conference. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee 
on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— 
‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the 
Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and 
‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-
cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year.’’. 
‘‘(m) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney 
General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to de-termine if duplicate grant awards are award-ed for the same purpose. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General 
awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, 
including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and 
‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General 
awarded the duplicate grants.’’. 
(g) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 2991(n) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as redesignated in subsection (d), is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1); (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 
through 2019.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 20 percent 
of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8413 December 3, 2015 
under this section may be used for purposes 
described in subsection (i) (relating to vet-erans).’’. 
SEC. 202. ADDITIONAL PURPOSES FOR FEDERAL 
GRANTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS TO THE EDWARD BYRNE  
MEMORIAL JUSTICE ASSISTANCE GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 501(a)(1) of title I of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3751(a)(1)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(H) Mental health programs and oper-
ations by law enforcement or corrections.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE COMMUNITY ORI-
ENTED POLICING SERVICES PROGRAM .—Section 
1701(b) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (17) as para-
graph (19); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (16) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(17) to provide specialized training to law 
enforcement officers (including village pub-lic safety officers (as defined in section 247 of the Indian Arts and Crafts Amendments Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd note))) to recognize individuals who have mental illness and how to properly intervene with individuals with mental illness and to establish programs that enhance the ability of law enforcement agencies to address the mental health, be-havioral, and substance abuse problems of individuals encountered in the line of duty; 
‘‘(18) to provide specialized training to cor-
rections officers to recognize individuals who have mental illness and to enhance the abil-ity of corrections officers to address the mental health or individuals under the care and custody of jails and prisons; and’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (19), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘through (16)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (18)’’. 
SEC. 203. PROTECTING THE SECOND AMEND-
MENT RIGHTS OF VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5511. Conditions for treatment of certain 
persons as adjudicated mentally incom-petent for certain purposes 
‘‘(a) P
ROTECTING RIGHTS OF VETERANS WITH 
EXISTING RECORDS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015, the Secretary shall provide written notice in accordance with subsection (b) of the opportunity for admin-istrative review under subsection (c) to all persons who, on the date of enactment of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015, are consid-ered to have been adjudicated mentally in-competent or committed to a psychiatric hospital under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18 as a result of having been found by the Department to be men-tally incompetent. 
‘‘(b) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall provide 
notice under this section to a person de-scribed in subsection (a) that notifies the person of— 
‘‘(1) the determination made by the Sec-
retary; 
‘‘(2) a description of the implications of 
being considered to have been adjudicated mentally incompetent or committed to a psychiatric hospital under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18; and 
‘‘(3) the right of the person to request a re-
view under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which a person described in sub-section (a) receives notice in accordance with subsection (b), such person may request 
a review by the board designed or established under paragraph (2) or by a court of com-petent jurisdiction to assess whether the per-son is a danger to himself or herself or to others. In such assessment, the board may consider the person’s honorable discharge or decorations. 
‘‘(2) B
OARD .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2015, the Secretary shall designate or establish a board that shall, upon request of a person under paragraph (1), assess whether the person is a danger to him-self or herself or to others. 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A person may file a 
petition with a Federal court of competent jurisdiction for judicial review of an assess-ment of the person under subsection (c) by the board designated or established under subsection (c)(2).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 55 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘5511. Conditions for treatment of certain per-
sons as adjudicated mentally in-competent for certain purposes.’’. 
SEC. 204. APPLICABILITY OF AMENDMENTS. 
With respect to any record of a person pro-
hibited from possessing or receiving a fire-arm under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, United States Code, be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall remove such a record from the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System— 
(1) upon being made aware that the person 
is no longer considered as adjudicated men-tally incompetent or committed to a psy-chiatric hospital according to the criteria under paragraph (36)(A)(i)(II) of section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code (as added by this title), and is therefore no longer prohibited from possessing or receiv-ing a firearm; 
(2) upon being made aware that any order 
or finding that the record is based on is an order or finding described in paragraph (36)(B) of section 921(a) of title 18, United State Code (as added by this title); or 
(3) upon being made aware that the person 
has been found competent to possess a fire-arm after an administrative or judicial re-view under subsection (c) or (d) of section 5511 of title 38, United States Code (as added by this title). 
TITLE III—SCHOOL SAFETY 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘School 
Safety Enhancements Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. GRANT PROGRAM FOR SCHOOL SECU-
RITY. 
Section 2701 of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Placement’’ and inserting 
‘‘Installation’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘surveillance equipment,’’ 
after ‘‘detectors,’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) Establishment of hotlines or tiplines 
for the reporting of potentially dangerous students and situations.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of the School Safety Enhancements Act of 2015, the Director and the Secretary of Education, or the designee of the Secretary, shall establish 
an interagency task force to develop and pro-mulgate a set of advisory school safety guidelines. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION OF GUIDELINES .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of the School Safety Enhancements Act of 2015, the advisory school safety guidelines pro-mulgated by the interagency task force shall be published in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED CONSULTATION .—In devel-
oping the final advisory school safety guide-lines under this subsection, the interagency task force shall consult with stakeholders and interested parties, including parents, teachers, and agencies.’’. 
SEC. 303. APPLICATIONS. 
Section 2702(a)(2) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797b(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) be accompanied by a report— ‘‘(A) signed by the heads of each law en-
forcement agency and school district with jurisdiction over the schools where the safe-ty improvements will be implemented; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrating that each proposed use 
of the grant funds will be— 
‘‘(i) an effective means for improving the 
safety of 1 or more schools; 
‘‘(ii) consistent with a comprehensive ap-
proach to preventing school violence; and 
‘‘(iii) individualized to the needs of each 
school at which those improvements are to be made.’’. 
SEC. 304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 2705 of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797e) is amended by striking ‘‘2001 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2014 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 305. ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 2701 of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797a), as amended by section 202 of this title, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded 
by the Attorney General under this part shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise 
unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this part to pre-vent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient 
of grant funds under this part that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this part during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12-month period de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this part. 
‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is 
awarded grant funds under this part during the 2-fiscal-year period during which the en-tity is barred from receiving grants under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8414 December 3, 2015 
subparagraph (C), the Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the 
amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a grant under this part to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-
zation that is awarded a grant under this part and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. 
‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts authorized 
to be appropriated to the Department of Jus-tice under this part may be used by the At-torney General, or by any individual or enti-ty awarded discretionary funds through a co-operative agreement under this part, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available by the Department of Justice, un-less the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior writ-ten authorization that the funds may be ex-pended to host the conference. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all 
food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— 
‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the 
Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and 
‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-
cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year.’’. 
SEC. 306. PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS. 
Section 1701 of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney 
General awards a grant to an applicant under this part, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with grants awarded under parts A or T to determine if duplicate grant awards are awarded for the same purpose. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General 
awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, 
including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and 
‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General 
awarded the duplicate grants.’’. 
TITLE IV—SANCTUARY CITIES 
SEC. 401. STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND PRO-
TECT AMERICANS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act’’. 
(b) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTION DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘sanctuary jurisdic-tion’’ means any State or political subdivi-sion of a State, including any law enforce-ment entity of a State or of a political sub-division of a State, that— 
(1) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that is in violation of sub-section (a) or (b) of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373); or 
(2) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that prohibits any govern-ment entity or official from complying with a detainer that has been lawfully issued or a request to notify about the release of an alien that has been made by the Department of Homeland Security in accordance with section 236 and 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) and section 287.7 of title 8, Code of Federal Regu-lations. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON GRANTS TO SANCTUARY  
JURISDICTIONS .— 
(1) I NELIGIBILITY FOR GRANTS .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .— 
(i) SCAAP GRANTS .—A sanctuary jurisdic-
tion shall not be eligible to receive funds pursuant to the State Criminal Alien Assist-ance Program under section 241(i) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)). 
(ii) C
OPS GRANTS .—No law enforcement en-
tity of a State or of a political subdivision of a State that has a departmental policy or practice that renders it a sanctuary jurisdic-tion, and such a policy or practice is not re-quired by statute, ordinance, or other codi-fied law, or by order of a chief executive offi-cer of the jurisdiction, or the executive or legislative board of the jurisdiction, shall be eligible to receive funds directly or indi-rectly under the ‘Cops on the Beat’ program under part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.). 
(iii) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Attorney General, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall terminate the funding described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) to a State or political subdivision of a State on the date that is 30 days after the date on which a notification described in subsection (d)(2) is made to the State or subdivision, un-
less the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, de-termines the State or subdivision is no longer a sanctuary jurisdiction. 
(B) C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK  
GRANTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Title I of the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— 
(I) in section 102 (42 U.S.C. 5302), by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(25) The term ‘sanctuary jurisdiction’ 
means any State or unit of general local gov-ernment that— 
‘‘(A) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that is in violation of sub-section (a) or (b) of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373); or 
‘‘(B) has in effect a statute, ordinance, pol-
icy, or practice that prohibits any govern-ment entity or official from complying with a detainer that has been lawfully issued or a request to notify about the release of an alien that has been made by the Department of Homeland Security in accordance with section 236 and 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) and section 287.7 of title 8, Code of Federal Regu-lations.’’; and 
(II) in section 104 (42 U.S.C. 5304)— (aa) in subsection (b)— (AA) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(BB) by redesignating paragraph (6) as 
paragraph (7); and 
(CC) by inserting after paragraph (5) the 
following: 
‘‘(6) the grantee is not a sanctuary juris-
diction and will not become a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which the grantee receives a grant under this title; and’’; and 
(bb) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS AGAINST  
CRIMINAL ALIENS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No funds authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out this title may be obligated or expended to any State or unit of general local government that is a sanc-tuary jurisdiction. 
‘‘(2) R
ETURNED AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE .—If a State is a sanctuary ju-
risdiction during the period for which the State receives amounts under this title, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall direct the State to immediately 
return to the Secretary any such amounts that have not been obligated by the State as of the date on which the State became a sanctuary jurisdiction; and 
‘‘(ii) may use any returned amounts under 
clause (i) to make grants to other States that are not sanctuary jurisdictions in ac-cordance with this title. 
‘‘(B) U
NIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERN -
MENT .—If a unit of general local government 
is a sanctuary jurisdiction during the period for which the unit of general local govern-ment receives amounts under this title, any such amounts that have not been obligated by the unit of general local government as of the date on which the unit of general local government became a sanctuary jurisdic-tion— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a unit of general local 
government that is not in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Secretary to make grants to States and other units of general local government that are not sanc-tuary jurisdictions in accordance with this title; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a unit of general local 
government that is in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Governor of the State to make grants to other units of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8415 December 3, 2015 
general local government that are not sanc-
tuary jurisdictions in accordance with this title. 
‘‘(o) E
NFORCEMENT AGAINST FUNDING FOR  
SANCTUARY JURISDICTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
verify, on a quarterly basis, the determina-tion of the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General as to whether a State or unit of general local government is a sanctuary jurisdiction and therefore ineli-gible to receive a grant under this title for purposes of subsections (b)(6) and (n). 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary 
verifies that a State or unit of general local government is determined to be a sanctuary jurisdiction under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall notify the State or unit of gen-eral local government that it is ineligible to receive a grant under this title.’’. 
(ii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by clause (i) shall only apply with re-spect to community development block grants made under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
LLOCATION .—Any funds that are not al-
located to a State or political subdivision of a State pursuant to paragraph (1) and the amendments made by paragraph (1) shall be allocated to States and political subdivisions of States that are not sanctuary jurisdic-tions. 
(3) N
OTIFICATION OF CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 5 days after a determination is made pursuant to paragraph (1) to terminate a grant or to refuse to award a grant, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House 
of Representatives a report that fully de-scribes the circumstances and basis for the termination or refusal. 
(4) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly there-after, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General shall— 
(A) determine the States and political sub-
divisions of States that are sanctuary juris-dictions; 
(B) notify each such State or subdivision 
that it is determined to be a sanctuary juris-diction; and 
(C) publish on the website of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security and of the De-partment of Justice— 
(i) a list of each sanctuary jurisdiction; (ii) the total number of detainers and re-
quests for notification of the release of any alien that has been issued or made to each State or political subdivision of a State; and 
(iii) the number of such detainers and re-
quests for notification that have been ig-nored or otherwise not honored, including the name of the jurisdiction in which each such detainer or request for notification was issued or made. 
(5) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section may be construed to require law en-forcement officials of a State or a political subdivision of a State to provide the Sec-retary of Homeland Security with informa-tion related to a victim or a witness to a criminal offense. 
(d) S
TATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND IN-
DIVIDUAL COMPLIANCE WITHDETAINERS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO CARRY OUT DETAINERS .—A 
State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision that complies with a detainer issued by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) shall be deemed to be acting as an 
agent of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and 
(B) shall have the authority available to 
employees of the Department of Homeland Security with regard to actions taken to comply with the detainer. 
(2) L
IABILITY .—In any legal proceeding 
brought against a State, a political subdivi-sion of State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision, which challenges the legality of the seizure or detention of an individual pursuant to a detainer issued by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— 
(A) no liability shall lie against the State 
or political subdivision for actions taken in compliance with the detainer; 
(B) if the actions of the officer, employee, 
or agent of the State or political subdivision were taken in compliance with the de-tainer— 
(i) the officer, employee, or agent shall be 
deemed to be an employee of the Federal Government and an investigative or law en-forcement officer and to have been acting within the scope of his or her employment under section 1346(b) and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code; 
(ii) section 1346(b) of title 28, United States 
Code, shall provide the exclusive remedy for the plaintiff; and 
(iii) the United States shall be substituted 
as defendant in the proceeding. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed— 
(A) to provide immunity to any person who 
knowingly violates the civil or constitu-tional rights of an individual; or 
(B) to limit the application of the doctrine 
of official immunity or of qualified immu-nity in a civil action brought against a law enforcement officer acting pursuant to a de-tainer issued by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357). 
(e) I
NCREASED PENALTIES FOR REENTRY OF  
REMOVED ALIEN.—Section 276 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections 
(b) and (c), any alien who— 
‘‘(1) has been denied admission, excluded, 
deported, or removed or has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deportation, or removal is outstanding; and 
‘‘(2) thereafter enters, attempts to enter, 
or is at any time found in, the United States, unless— 
‘‘(A) prior to the alien’s reembarkation at 
a place outside the United States or the alien’s application for admission from for-eign contiguous territory, the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to such alien’s reapplying for admission; or 
‘‘(B) with respect to an alien previously de-
nied admission and removed, such alien shall establish that the alien was not required to obtain such advance consent under this Act or any prior Act; 
shall be fined under title 18, United States 
Code, or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. 
‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES FOR REENTRY OF  
CERTAIN REMOVED ALIENS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the 
penalty provided in subsection (a), and ex-cept as provided in subsection (c), an alien described in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) who was convicted before such re-
moval or departure of three or more mis-demeanors involving drugs, crimes against 
the person, or both, or a felony (other than an aggravated felony), shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; 
‘‘(B) who has been excluded from the 
United States pursuant to section 235(c) be-cause the alien was excludable under section 212(a)(3)(B) or who has been removed from the United States pursuant to the provisions of title V, and who thereafter, without the permission of the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, enters the United States, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, and imprisoned for a period of 10 years, which sentence shall not run con-currently with any other sentence; 
‘‘(C) who was removed from the United 
States pursuant to section 241(a)(4)(B) who thereafter, without the permission of the Secretary of Homeland Security, enters, at-tempts to enter, or is at any time found in, the United States (unless the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to such alien’s reentry) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or both; and 
‘‘(D) who has been denied admission, ex-
cluded, deported, or removed 3 or more times and thereafter enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
‘‘(2) R
EMOVAL DEFINED .—In this subsection 
and subsection (c), the term ‘removal’ in-cludes any agreement in which an alien stip-ulates to removal during (or not during) a criminal trial under either Federal or State law. 
‘‘(c) M
ANDATORY MINIMUM CRIMINAL PEN-
ALTY FOR REENTRY OF CERTAIN REMOVED  
ALIENS .—Notwithstanding the penalties pro-
vided in subsections (a) and (b), an alien de-scribed in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) who was convicted before such re-
moval or departure of an aggravated felony; or 
‘‘(2) who was convicted at least two times 
before such removal or departure of illegal reentry under this section; 
shall be imprisoned not less than five years 
and not more than 20 years, and may, in ad-dition, be fined under title 18, United States Code.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 242(h)(2)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 241(a)(4)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’. 
(f) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this 
section or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance is held invalid for any reason, the remainder of this section, and the application of such provision to other persons not similarly situated or to other circumstances, shall not be affected by such invalidation. 
SA 2915. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE III—DEFEND OUR CAPITAL ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Defend Our 
Capital Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.056 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8416 December 3, 2015 
SEC. 302. RECOGNIZING THE RIGHT OF LAW- 
ABIDING INDIVIDUALS TO CARRY AND TRANSPORT FIREARMS FOR LE-GITIMATE PURPOSES. 
(a) L ICENSES TO CARRY FIREARMS .—Section 
6 of the Act of July 8, 1932 (47 Stat. 650, chap-ter 465; sec. 22–4506, D.C. Official Code), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6. ISSUE OF LICENSES TO CARRY FIRE-
ARMS. 
‘‘(a) I SSUANCE AND SCOPE OF LICENSE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief shall issue a li-
cense, valid for not less than 5 years, to carry a firearm concealed on or about the person to any individual who— 
‘‘(A) is not disqualified under subsection 
(d); and 
‘‘(B) completes the application process 
specified in subsection (f). 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR LICENSE .—A license 
to carry a firearm issued under this section shall meet the requirements specified in sub-section (c). 
‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION FROM OTHER CONDITIONS , 
LIMITATIONS , AND REQUIREMENTS .—The Chief 
may not impose conditions, limitations, or requirements that are not expressly provided for in this section on the issuance, scope, ef-fect, or content of a license. 
‘‘(4) S
CHOOL ZONES .—For purposes of sec-
tion 922(q)(2)(B)(ii) of title 18, United States Code, an individual who possesses a firearm in a school zone in the District of Columbia and who is licensed under this section or is an out-of-state licensee shall be considered licensed by the District of Columbia. 
‘‘(b) C
ARRYING A FIREARM ; POSSESSION AND  
DISPLAY OF LICENSE DOCUMENT OR AUTHOR -
IZATION .— 
‘‘(1) C ARRYING A FIREARM .—A licensee or an 
out-of-state licensee may carry a firearm anywhere in the District of Columbia except as otherwise prohibited by law or by a limi-tation or prohibition established pursuant to section 11 of this Act (sec. 22–4511, D.C. Offi-cial Code). 
‘‘(2) P
OSSESSION AND DISPLAY OF LICENSE  
DOCUMENT OR AUTHORIZATION .—A licensee 
shall carry his or her license document and government-issued photographic identifica-tion card and an out-of-state licensee shall carry his or her out-of-state license and gov-ernment-issued photographic identification card at all times during which he or she is carrying a firearm in any location other than on or in real property owned or leased by the licensee or out-of-state licensee. 
‘‘(c) L
ICENSE DOCUMENT ; CONTENT OF LI-
CENSE .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGN OF LICENSE DOCUMENT .—Subject 
to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Chief shall— 
‘‘(A) design a single license document for 
licenses issued and renewed under this sec-tion; and 
‘‘(B) complete the design of the license 
document not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Defend Our Capital Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED CONTENT OF LICENSE .—A li-
cense document for a license issued under this section shall contain all of the following on one side: 
‘‘(A) The full name, date of birth, and resi-
dence address of the licensee. 
‘‘(B) A physical description of the licensee, 
including sex, height, and eye color. 
‘‘(C) The date on which the license was 
issued. 
‘‘(D) The date on which the license expires. ‘‘(E) The words ‘District of Columbia’. ‘‘(F) A unique identification number for 
the licensee. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITED CONTENT OF LICENSE .—A li-
cense document for a license issued under this section may not contain the licensee’s social security number. 
‘‘(d) R
ESTRICTIONS ON ISSUING A LICENSE .— 
The Chief shall issue a license under this sec-tion to an individual who submits an appli-
cation under subsection (f) unless the indi-vidual— 
‘‘(1) is less than 21 years of age; or ‘‘(2) is prohibited under Federal law or 
court order from possessing or receiving a firearm. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION AND RENEWAL FORMS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGN .—The Chief shall design an ap-
plication form for use by individuals who apply for a license under this section and a renewal form for use by individuals applying for renewal of a license under subsection (n). 
‘‘(2) D
EADLINES .—The Chief shall complete 
the design of— 
‘‘(A) the application form not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of the De-fend Our Capital Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) the renewal form not later than 4 
years from the date of enactment of the De-fend Our Capital Act of 2015. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—The forms described in 
this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) require the applicant to provide only 
his or her name, address, date of birth, state identification card number, race, sex, height, eye color, and, if the applicant is not a United States citizen, his or her alien or ad-
mission number; and 
‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) a statement that the applicant is ineli-
gible for a license if subsection (d) applies to the applicant; 
‘‘(ii) a statement explaining the laws of 
self-defense and defense of others in the Dis-trict of Columbia, with a place for the appli-cant to sign his or her name to indicate that he or she has read and understands the state-ment; 
‘‘(iii) a statement, with a place for the ap-
plicant to sign his or her name, to indicate that the applicant has read and understands the requirements of this section; 
‘‘(iv) a statement that the applicant may 
be prosecuted if he or she intentionally gives a false answer to any question on the appli-cation or intentionally submits a falsified document with the application; 
‘‘(v) a statement of the penalties for inten-
tionally giving a false answer to any ques-tion on the application or intentionally sub-mitting a falsified document with the appli-cation; and 
‘‘(vi) a statement describing the places in 
which a person may be prohibited from car-rying a firearm even with a license, with a place for the applicant to sign his or her name to indicate that he or she has read and understands the statement. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF FORMS .—The Chief 
shall make the forms described in this sub-section available on the Internet and, upon request, by mail. 
‘‘(f) S
UBMISSION OF APPLICATION .—An indi-
vidual may apply to the Chief for a license under this section by submitting to the Chief, by mail or other means made avail-able by the Chief— 
‘‘(1) a completed application in the form 
prescribed under subsection (e); 
‘‘(2) a statement that states that the infor-
mation that the individual is providing in the application submitted under paragraph (1) and any document submitted with the ap-plication is true and complete to the best of his or her knowledge; 
‘‘(3) a license fee in an amount that is 
equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the cost of issuing the license; or ‘‘(B) $50; and ‘‘(4) a fee for a background check under 
subsection (h) that is not greater than $25. 
‘‘(g) P
ROCESSING OF APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) B ACKGROUND CHECK .—If a person sub-
mits a complete application under sub-section (f) and is not prohibited from obtain-ing a license under paragraph (1) or (3) of subsection (d), the Chief shall conduct a background check in accordance with sub-
section (h) upon receiving the application. 
‘‘(2) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 14 days 
after the date on which the Chief receives a complete application submitted under sub-section (f), the Chief shall— 
‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), issue the license and promptly send the licensee his or her license document by first- class mail; or 
‘‘(B) if subsection (d) applies to the appli-
cant, deny the application in accordance with paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) D
ENIAL .—If the Chief denies an appli-
cation submitted under subsection (f), the Chief shall inform the applicant of the denial in writing, stating the reason and factual basis for the denial and the availability of an appeal under subsections (l) and (m). 
‘‘(h) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief shall conduct 
a background check on an applicant by con-tacting the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System to determine whether subsection (d)(2) applies to the applicant. 
‘‘(2) C
ONFIRMATION NUMBER .—The Chief 
shall create a confirmation number associ-ated with each applicant. 
‘‘(3) R
ESULT .—As soon as practicable after 
conducting a background check under para-
graph (1), the Chief shall— 
‘‘(A) if the background check indicates 
that subsection (d)(2) applies to the appli-cant, create a unique nonapproval number for the applicant; or 
‘‘(B) if the background check does not indi-
cate that subsection (d)(2) applies to the ap-plicant, create a unique approval number for the applicant. 
‘‘(4) R
ECORD .—The Chief shall maintain— 
‘‘(A) a record of all complete application 
forms submitted under subsection (f); and 
‘‘(B) a record of all approval or non-
approval numbers regarding background checks conducted under this subsection. 
‘‘(i) M
AINTENANCE , USE, AND PUBLICATION  
OFRECORDS BY THE CHIEF.— 
‘‘(1) M AINTENANCE OF RECORD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Chief shall main-
tain a computerized record listing the name and application information of each indi-vidual who has been issued a license under this section. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION .—Subject to paragraph 
(3), the Chief may not store, maintain, for-mat, sort, or access the information de-scribed in paragraph (1) in any manner other than by— 
‘‘(i) the names, dates of birth, or sex of li-
censees; or 
‘‘(ii) the identification numbers assigned 
to licensees under subsection (h). 
‘‘(2) U
SE BY LAW ENFORCEMENT .—A law en-
forcement officer may not request or be pro-vided information maintained in the record under paragraph (1) concerning a specific in-dividual except for 1 of the following pur-poses: 
‘‘(A) To confirm that a license produced by 
an individual is valid. 
‘‘(B) If an individual is carrying a firearm 
and claims to hold a valid license issued under this section, but does not have his or her license document, to confirm that the in-dividual holds a valid license. 
‘‘(C) To investigate whether an individual 
submitted an intentionally false statement. 
‘‘(D) To investigate whether an individual 
complied with a requirement to surrender his or her license in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(3) F
REEDOM OF INFORMATION .—Notwith-
standing the Freedom of Information Act of 1976 (sec. 2–531 et seq., D.C. Official Code), in-formation obtained under this section may not be made available to the public except— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.055 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8417 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(A) in the context of a prosecution for an 
offense in which a person’s status as a li-censee is relevant; or 
‘‘(B) through a report created by the Chief 
that shows the number of licenses issued, re-voked, or suspended, but excludes any identi-fying information about individual licensees. 
‘‘(j) L
OST OR DESTROYED LICENSE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a license document is 
lost, a licensee no longer has possession of his or her license document, or a license doc-ument is destroyed, unreadable, or unusable, a licensee who wishes to obtain a replace-ment license document shall submit to the Chief— 
‘‘(A) a statement requesting a replacement 
license document; 
‘‘(B) the license document or any portions 
of the license document that remain; and 
‘‘(C) a $10 replacement fee. ‘‘(2) I
SSUANCE .—Not later than 7 days after 
the date on which the Chief receives a state-ment, license document or portions thereof (if any), and fee submitted by a licensee under paragraph (1), the Chief shall issue a replacement license document to the li-censee. 
‘‘(3) A
BSENCE OF ORIGINAL LICENSE DOCU -
MENT .—If a licensee does not submit the 
original license document to the Chief under paragraph (1), the Chief shall terminate the unique approval number of the original re-
quest and issue a new unique approval num-ber for the replacement license document. 
‘‘(k) L
ICENSE REVOCATION AND SUSPEN -
SION.— 
‘‘(1) R EVOCATION .—The Chief shall revoke a 
license issued under this section if the Chief determines that subsection (d) applies to the licensee. 
‘‘(2) S
USPENSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Chief shall suspend 
a license issued under this section if a court prohibits the licensee from possessing a fire-arm. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTORATION .—The Chief shall restore 
a suspended license not later than 5 business days after the date on which the Chief is no-tified that the licensee is no longer subject to the prohibition described in subparagraph (A) if— 
‘‘(i) subsection (d) does not apply to the in-
dividual; and 
‘‘(ii) the suspended license has not expired 
under subsection (n). 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—If the Chief suspends or re-
vokes a license under this subsection, the Chief shall send by mail to the individual whose license has been suspended or revoked notice of the suspension or revocation not later than 1 day after the suspension or rev-ocation. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—If the Chief sus-
pends or revokes a license under this sub-section, the suspension or revocation shall take effect on the date on which the indi-vidual whose license has been suspended or revoked receives the notice under subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘(C) D
ELIVERY OF LICENSE DOCUMENT TO  
CHIEF .—Not later than 7 days after the date 
on which an individual whose license has been suspended or revoked receives the no-tice under subparagraph (A), the individual shall— 
‘‘(i) deliver the license document person-
ally or by certified mail to the Chief; or 
‘‘(ii) mail a signed statement to the Chief 
stating— 
‘‘(I) that the individual no longer has pos-
session of his or her license document; and 
‘‘(II) the reasons why the individual no 
longer has possession of the license docu-ment. 
‘‘(l) D
EPARTMENTAL REVIEW .—The Chief 
shall promulgate rules providing for the re-view of any action by the Chief denying an application for, or suspending or revoking, a 
license under this section. 
‘‘(m) A
PPEALS TO THE SUPERIOR COURT .— 
‘‘(1) R IGHT TO APPEAL .—An individual ag-
grieved by any action by the Chief denying an application for, or suspending or revok-ing, a license under this section, may appeal directly to the Superior Court of the District of Columbia without regard to whether the individual has sought review under the proc-ess established under subsection (l). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMENCEMENT OF APPEAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To begin an appeal 
under this subsection, the aggrieved indi-vidual shall file a petition for review with the clerk of the Superior Court of the Dis-trict of Columbia not later than 30 days after the date on which the individual receives no-tice of denial of an application for a license or of suspension or revocation of a license. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS ; SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS .—A 
petition filed under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) shall state the substance of the Chief’s 
action from which the individual is appeal-ing and the grounds upon which the indi-vidual believes the Chief’s action to be im-proper; and 
‘‘(ii) may include a copy of any records or 
documents that are relevant to the grounds upon which the individual believes the Chief’s action to be improper. 
‘‘(3) S
ERVICE UPON CHIEF .—A copy of a peti-
tion filed under paragraph (2) shall be served upon the Chief either personally or by reg-istered or certified mail not later than 5 days after the date on which the individual files the petition. 
‘‘(4) A
NSWER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Chief shall file an 
answer to a petition filed under paragraph (2) not later than 15 days after the date on which the Chief is served with the petition under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS ; SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS .— 
An answer filed under subparagraph (A) shall 
include— 
‘‘(i) a brief statement of the actions taken 
by the Chief; and 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any documents or records on 
which the Chief based his or her action. 
‘‘(5) R EVIEW BY COURT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The court shall review 
the petition, the answer, and any records or documents submitted with the petition or the answer. 
‘‘(B) C
ONDUCT OF REVIEW .—The court shall 
conduct the review under this paragraph without a jury but may schedule a hearing and take testimony. 
‘‘(6) R
EVERSAL .—The court shall reverse 
the Chief’s action if the court finds— 
‘‘(A) that the Chief failed to follow any 
procedure, or take any action, prescribed under this section; 
‘‘(B) that the Chief erroneously interpreted 
a provision of law and a correct interpreta-tion compels a different action; 
‘‘(C) that the Chief’s action depends on a 
finding of fact that is not supported by sub-stantial evidence in the record; 
‘‘(D) if the appeal is regarding a denial, 
that the denial was based on factors other than the factors under subsection (d); or 
‘‘(E) if the appeal is regarding a suspension 
or revocation, that the suspension or revoca-tion was based on criteria other than the cri-teria under subsection (k). 
‘‘(7) R
ELIEF .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The court shall provide 
whatever relief is appropriate regardless of the original form of the petition. 
‘‘(B) C
OSTS AND FEES .—If the court reverses 
the Chief’s action, the court shall order the Chief to pay the aggrieved individual all court costs and reasonable attorney fees. 
‘‘(n) L
ICENSE EXPIRATION AND RENEWAL .— 
‘‘(1) P ERIOD OF VALIDITY .—A license issued 
under this section shall be valid for the 5- year period beginning on the date on which 
the license is issued unless the license is sus-pended or revoked under subsection (k). 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE OF EXPIRATION .— 
‘‘(A) F ORM.—The Chief shall design a no-
tice of expiration form. 
‘‘(B) M AILING OF NOTICE .—Not later than 90 
days before the expiration date of a license issued under this section, the Chief shall mail to the licensee— 
‘‘(i) the notice of expiration form; and ‘‘(ii) a form for renewing the license. ‘‘(3) R
ENEWAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Chief shall renew 
the license of a licensee if— 
‘‘(i) not later than 90 days after the expira-
tion date of the license, the licensee submits the renewal application, statement, and fees required under subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the background check required under 
subparagraph (C) indicates that subsection (d) does not apply to the licensee. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL APPLICATION ; STATEMENT ; 
FEES.—A licensee seeking to renew his or her 
license shall submit to the Chief— 
‘‘(i) a renewal application on the form pro-
vided by the Chief; 
‘‘(ii) a statement reporting that— ‘‘(I) the information provided under clause 
(i) is true and complete to the best of the li-censee’s knowledge; and 
‘‘(II) the licensee is not disqualified under 
subsection (d); and 
‘‘(iii) payment of— ‘‘(I) a renewal fee in an amount that is 
equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(aa) the cost of renewing the license; or ‘‘(bb) $25; and ‘‘(II) a fee for a background check that 
does not exceed $25. 
‘‘(C) B
ACKGROUND CHECK .—The chief shall 
conduct a background check of a licensee as provided under subsection (h) before renew-ing the licensee’s license. 
‘‘(D) I
SSUANCE OF RENEWAL LICENSE .—Un-
less a renewal applicant is ineligible under subsection (d), not later than 10 days after the date on which the Chief receives a re-newal application, statement, and fees from the applicant under subparagraph (B), the Chief shall issue a renewal license and send it to the applicant by first-class mail. 
‘‘(E) M
EMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—Not-
withstanding paragraph (1), the license of a member of the Armed Forces of the United States, including the National Guard and re-serve components, who is deployed overseas while on active duty shall not expire before the date that is 90 days after the end of the licensee’s overseas deployment unless the li-cense is suspended or revoked under sub-section (k). 
‘‘(o) R
ECIPROCITY AGREEMENTS .—The Chief 
shall enter into reciprocity agreements with each other state that requires such an agree-ment to grant recognition to a license to carry a concealed firearm issued by another 
state. 
‘‘(p) I
MMUNITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief and any des-
ignee or employee who carries out the provi-sions of this section shall be immune from li-ability arising from any act or omission under this section, if the act or omission is in good faith. 
‘‘(2) P
ROVIDERS OF TRAINING COURSES .—A 
person providing a firearms training course in good faith shall be immune from liability arising from any act or omission related to the course.’’. 
(b) A
UTHORITY TOCARRY FIREARM IN CER-
TAIN PLACES AND FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES ; 
LAWFUL TRANSPORTATION OF FIREARMS .—The 
Act of July 8, 1932 (sec. 22–4501 et seq., D.C. Official Code), is amended by inserting after section 4 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.055 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8418 December 3, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4A. AUTHORITY TO CARRY FIREARM IN 
CERTAIN PLACES AND FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other law, a person 
not otherwise prohibited by law from ship-ping, transporting, possessing, or receiving a firearm may carry such firearm, whether loaded or unloaded— 
‘‘(1) in the person’s dwelling house or place 
of business or on land owned or lawfully pos-sessed by the person; 
‘‘(2) on land owned or lawfully possessed by 
another person unless the other person has notified the person by posting or individual notice that firearms are not permitted on the premises; 
‘‘(3) while it is being used for lawful rec-
reational, sporting, educational, or training purposes; or 
‘‘(4) while it is being transported for a law-
ful purpose as expressly authorized by Dis-trict or Federal law and in accordance with the requirements of that law. 
‘‘SEC. 4B. LAWFUL TRANSPORTATION OF FIRE-
ARMS. 
‘‘(a) Any person who is not otherwise pro-
hibited by law from shipping, transporting, possessing, or receiving a firearm shall be permitted to transport a firearm for any law-ful purpose from any place where he may lawfully possess the firearm to any other place where he may lawfully possess the fire-arm if the firearm is transported in accord-ance with this section. 
‘‘(b)(1) If the transportation of the firearm 
is by a vehicle, the firearm shall be un-loaded, and neither the firearm nor any am-munition being transported shall be readily accessible or directly accessible from the passenger compartment of the transporting vehicle. 
‘‘(2) If the transporting vehicle does not 
have a compartment separate from the driv-er’s compartment, the firearm or ammuni-tion shall be contained in a locked container other than the glove compartment or con-sole, and the firearm shall be unloaded. 
‘‘(c) If the transportation of the firearm is 
in a manner other than in a vehicle, the fire-arm shall be— 
‘‘(1) unloaded; ‘‘(2) inside a locked container; and ‘‘(3) separate from any ammunition.’’. 
(c) E
XCEPTIONS TO RESTRICTIONS ON CAR-
RYING CONCEALED WEAPONS .—Section 5(a) of 
the Act of July 8, 1932 (47 Stat. 650, chapter 465; sec. 22–4505(a), D.C. Official Code), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘pistol unloaded and in a se-
cure wrapper from’’ and inserting ‘‘firearm, transported in accordance with section 4B, from’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘pistol’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘firearm’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) Any person carrying a firearm who 
holds— 
‘‘(A) a valid license issued under section 6; 
or 
‘‘(B) any out-of-state license, as defined in 
section 1.’’. 
SEC. 303. RECIPROCITY FOR THE CARRYING OF 
CERTAIN CONCEALED FIREARMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 926C the following: 
‘‘§ 926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of cer-
tain concealed firearms 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of the law of any State or political subdivision thereof to the contrary— 
‘‘(1) an individual who is not prohibited by 
Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm, and who is carrying a government-issued photographic identification document and a valid license or permit which is issued pursuant to the law of a State and which permits the individual 
to carry a concealed firearm, may possess or carry a concealed handgun (other than a ma-chinegun or destructive device) that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce in any State other than the State of residence of the individual that— 
‘‘(A) has a statute that allows residents of 
the State to obtain licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms; or 
‘‘(B) does not prohibit the carrying of con-
cealed firearms by residents of the State for lawful purposes; and 
‘‘(2) an individual who is not prohibited by 
Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm, and who is carrying a government-issued photographic identification document and is entitled and not prohibited from carrying a concealed firearm in the State in which the individual resides otherwise than as described in para-graph (1), may possess or carry a concealed handgun (other than a machinegun or de-structive device) that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign com-merce in any State other than the State of residence of the individual that— 
‘‘(A) has a statute that allows residents of 
the State to obtain licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms; or 
‘‘(B) does not prohibit the carrying of con-
cealed firearms by residents of the State for lawful purposes. 
‘‘(b) C
ONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—The 
possession or carrying of a concealed hand-gun in a State under this section shall be subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, except as to eligibility to possess or carry, imposed by or under Federal or State law or the law of a political subdivision of a State, that apply to the possession or car-rying of a concealed handgun by residents of the State or political subdivision who are li-censed by the State or political subdivision to do so, or not prohibited by the State from doing so. 
‘‘(c) U
NRESTRICTED LICENSE OR PERMIT .—In 
a State that allows the issuing authority for licenses or permits to carry concealed fire-arms to impose restrictions on the carrying of firearms by individual holders of such li-censes or permits, an individual carrying a concealed handgun under this section shall be permitted to carry a concealed handgun according to the same terms authorized by an unrestricted license of or permit issued to a resident of the State. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to preempt any provision of State law with respect to the issuance of licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 926C the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of 
certain concealed firearms.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. FIREARMS PERMITTED ON DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE PROPERTY. 
Section 930(g)(1) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The term ‘Federal facility’ 
means’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The term ‘Federal facility’— 
‘‘(A) means’’; (2) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) with respect to a qualified member of 
the Armed Forces, as defined in section 926E(a), does not include any land, a build-ing, or any part thereof owned or leased by 
the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 305. LAWFUL POSSESSION OF FIREARMS ON 
MILITARY INSTALLATIONS BY MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF GENERAL ARTICLE .— 
Section 934 of title 10, United States Code (article 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before 
‘‘Though not specifically mentioned’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) P OSSESSION OF A FIREARM .—The pos-
session of a concealed or open carry firearm by a member of the armed forces subject to this chapter on a military installation, if lawful under the laws of the State in which the installation is located, is not an offense under this section.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend Department of Defense Direc-tive number 5210.56 to provide that members of the Armed Forces may possess firearms for defensive purposes on facilities and in-stallations of the Department of Defense in a manner consistent with the laws of the State in which the facility or installation con-cerned is located. 
SEC. 306. CARRYING OF CONCEALED FIREARMS 
BY QUALIFIED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, 
United States Code, as amended by this title, is amended by inserting after section 926D the following: 
‘‘§ 926E. Carrying of concealed firearms by 
qualified members of the Armed Forces 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘firearm’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in this paragraph, 
has the same meaning as in section 921; 
‘‘(B) includes ammunition not expressly 
prohibited by Federal law or subject to the provisions of the National Firearms Act; and 
‘‘(C) does not include— ‘‘(i) any machinegun (as defined in section 
5845 of the National Firearms Act); 
‘‘(ii) any firearm silencer; or 
‘‘(iii) any destructive device; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘qualified member of the 
Armed Forces’ means an individual who— 
‘‘(A) is a member of the Armed Forces on 
active duty status, as defined in section 101(d)(1) of title 10; 
‘‘(B) is not the subject of disciplinary ac-
tion under the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice; 
‘‘(C) is not under the influence of alcohol 
or another intoxicating or hallucinatory drug or substance; and 
‘‘(D) is not prohibited by Federal law from 
receiving a firearm. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of the law of any State or any po-litical subdivision thereof, an individual who is a qualified member of the Armed Forces and who is carry identification required by subsection (d) may carry a concealed firearm that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce, subject to subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .—This section shall not 
be construed to superseded or limit the laws of any State that— 
‘‘(1) permit private persons or entities to 
prohibit or restrict the possession of con-cealed firearms on their property; or 
‘‘(2) prohibit or restrict the possession of 
firearms on any State or local government property, installation, building, base, or park. 
‘‘(d) I
DENTIFICATION .—The identification 
required by this subsection is the photo-graphic identification issued by the Depart-ment of Defense for the qualified member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.055 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8419 December 3, 2015 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, as amended by this title, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 926D the following: 
‘‘926E. Carrying of concealed firearms by 
qualified members of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SEC. 307. REFORMING D.C. COUNCIL’S AUTHOR-
ITY TO RESTRICT FIREARMS. 
Section 4 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to 
prohibit the killing of wild birds and wild animals in the District of Columbia’’ , ap-proved June 30, 1906 (34 Stat. 809; sec. 1– 303.43, D.C. Official Code), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘Nothing in this section or any other provision of law shall authorize, or shall be construed to per-mit, the Council, the Mayor, or any govern-mental or regulatory authority of the Dis-trict of Columbia to prohibit, constructively prohibit, or unduly burden the ability of per-sons not prohibited from possessing firearms under Federal law from acquiring, possessing in their homes or businesses, carrying, trans-porting, or using for sporting, self-protec-tion, or other lawful purposes, any firearm neither prohibited by Federal law nor sub-ject to chapter 53 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (commonly referred to as the ‘National Firearms Act’). The District of Co-lumbia shall not have authority to enact laws or regulations that discourage or elimi-nate the private ownership or use of firearms for legitimate purposes.’’. 
SEC. l308. REPEAL OF D.C. SEMIAUTOMATIC 
BAN. 
Section 101(10) of the Firearms Control 
Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2501.01(10), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(10) ‘Machine gun’ means any firearm 
which shoots, is designed to shoot, or can be readily restored to shoot, automatically more than one shot, without manual reload-ing, by a single function of the trigger. The term ‘machine gun’ shall also include the frame or receiver of any such firearm, any part designed and intended solely and exclu-sively, or combination of parts designed and intended, for use in converting a firearm into a machine gun, and any combination of parts from which a machine gun can be assembled if such parts are in the possession or under the control of a person.’’. 
SEC. 309. REPEAL OF REGISTRATION REQUIRE-
MENT AND AUTHORIZATION OF AM-MUNITION SALES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 201(a) of the Fire-
arms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7– 2502.01(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘any firearm, unless’’ and all that follows through paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘any firearm described in sub-section (c).’’. 
(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF FIREARMS REMAINING IL -
LEGAL .—Section 201 of the Firearms Control 
Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2502.01, D.C. Official Code) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A firearm described in this subsection 
is any of the following: 
‘‘(1) A sawed-off shotgun. ‘‘(2) A machine gun. ‘‘(3) A short-barreled rifle.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading 
of section 201 of the Firearms Control Regu-lations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2502.01, D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended by striking ‘‘
REGISTRA -
TION REQUIREMENTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ FIREARM  
POSSESSION ’’. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO FIREARMS  
CONTROL REGULATIONS ACT.—The Firearms 
Control Regulations Act of 1975 is amended— 
(1) in section 101 (sec. 7–2501.01, D.C. Offi-
cial Code), by striking paragraph (13); and (2) by repealing sections 202 through 211 
(secs. 7–2502.02 through 7–2502.11, D.C. Official Code). 
SEC. 310. REPEAL OF REDUNDANT DEALER LI-
CENSING REQUIREMENT AND PRO-VISION FOR THE LAWFUL SALE OF FIREARMS BY FEDERALLY LI-CENSED DEALERS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 401 of the Fire-
arms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7– 2504.01, D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘(a) No person’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) No person or organization shall engage 
in the business of dealing, importing, or manufacturing firearms without complying with the requirements of Federal law. 
‘‘(b) Any dealer who is in compliance with 
Federal law may sell or otherwise transfer a firearm to any person or organization not otherwise prohibited from possessing or re-ceiving such firearm under Federal law. In the case of a sale or transfer of a handgun to a resident of the District of Columbia, a fed-erally licensed importer, manufacturer, or dealer of firearms in Maryland or Virginia shall be treated as a dealer licensed under the provisions of this Act for purposes of the previous sentence, notwithstanding section 922(b)(3) of title 18, United States Code, if the transferee meets in person with the trans-feror to accomplish the transfer, and the sale, delivery, and receipt fully comply with the legal conditions of sale in both the Dis-trict of Columbia and the jurisdiction in which the transfer occurs.’’. 
(2) P
ROVIDING FOR THE LAWFUL SALE OF  
FIREARMS .—Section 501 of the Firearms Con-
trol Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2505.01, D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘, destructive device or ammunition’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘or ammunition to any person if the seller or transferor knows or has reasonable cause to believe that such person is prohibited by Federal law from possessing or receiving a firearm.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO FIREARMS  
CONTROL REGULATIONS ACT.—The Firearms 
Control Regulations Act of 1975 is amended— 
(1) by repealing sections 402 through 409 
(secs. 7–2504.02 through 7–2504.09, D.C. Official Code); 
(2) by repealing section 502 (sec. 7–2505.02, 
D.C. Official Code); 
(3) in section 701 (sec. 7–2507.01, D.C. Offi-
cial Code)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘firearm, 
destructive device, or ammunition’’ and in-serting ‘‘destructive device’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, any 
firearm, destructive device, or ammunition.’’ and inserting ‘‘any destructive device.’’; and 
(4) by repealing section 704 (sec. 7–2507.04, 
D.C. Official Code). 
(c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The 
Act of July 8, 1932 (47 Stat. 650, chapter 465; sec. 22–4501 et seq., D.C. Official Code), is amended— 
(1) in section 3 (sec. 22–4503, D.C. Official 
Code)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘if the 
person’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘if the person is prohibited from possessing a firearm under Federal law.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and 
(C) by repealing subsections (c) and (d); and (2) by repealing sections 7 through 10 (secs. 
22–4507 through 22–4510, D.C. Official Code). 
SEC. 311. HARMONIZATION OF D.C. LAW AND FED-
ERAL LAW REGARDING THE POSSES-SION OF AMMUNITION AND AMMUNI-TION FEEDING DEVICES. 
Section 601 of the Firearms Control Regu-
lations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2506.01, D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended by striking ‘‘(a) No 
person’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘No person who is prohibited by Federal law from possessing a firearm shall possess ammunition in the District of Columbia.’’. 
SEC. 312. RESTORATION OF RIGHT OF SELF DE-
FENSE IN THE HOME. 
Section 702 of the Firearms Control Regu-
lations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2507.02, D.C. Offi-cial Code) is repealed. 
SEC. l313. REMOVAL OF CRIMINAL PENALTIES 
FOR POSSESSION OF UNREGIS-TERED FIREARMS AND CERTAIN AM-MUNITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 706 of the Fire-
arms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7– 2507.06, D.C. Official Code) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘except that’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘A person who knowingly’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘except that a person who knowingly’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to any violation that occurs after the date that is 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 314. REGULATING INOPERABLE PISTOLS 
AND HARMONIZING DEFINITIONS FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF FIREARMS. 
Section 1 of the Act of July 8, 1932 (47 Stat. 
650, chapter 465; sec. 22–4501, D.C. Official Code), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (1) as para-
graph (1)(A); 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (1)(A), as 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) ‘Chief’ shall have the same meaning as 
provided in section 101(4) of the Firearms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7– 2501.01(4), D.C. Official Code).’’; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2A) ‘Firearm’— ‘‘(A) means any weapon, regardless of oper-
ability, which will, or is designed or rede-signed, made or remade, readily converted, restored, or repaired, or is intended to, expel a projectile or projectiles by the action of an explosive; and 
‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) a destructive device, as defined in sec-
tion 101(7) of the Firearms Control Regula-tions Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2501.01(7), D.C. Offi-cial Code); 
‘‘(ii) a device used exclusively for line 
throwing, signaling, or safety, and required or recommended by the Coast Guard or Interstate Commerce Commission; or 
‘‘(iii) a device used exclusively for firing 
explosive rivets, stud cartridges, or similar industrial ammunition and incapable for use as a weapon.’’; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3A) ‘Licensee’ means an individual hold-
ing a valid license issued under the provi-sions of section 6 of the Act of July 8, 1932 (sec. 22–4506, D.C. Official Code).’’; 
(5) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) ‘Machine gun’ shall have the same 
meaning as provided in section 101(10) of the Firearms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2501.01(10), D.C. Official Code).’’; 
(6) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4A) ‘Motor vehicle’ shall have the mean-
ing provided in section 101(4) of the Depart-ment of Motor Vehicles Reform Amendment Act of 2004 (sec. 50–1331.01(4), D.C. Official Code). 
‘‘(4B) ‘Out-of-state license’ means a valid 
permit, license, approval, or other authoriza-tion issued by a state or territory of the United States that authorizes the licensee to carry a firearm concealed on or about the person. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.055 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8420 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(4C) ‘Out-of-state licensee’ means an indi-
vidual who is 21 years of age or over, who is not a District resident, and who has been issued an out-of-state license.’’; 
(7) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(6) ‘Pistol’ shall have the same meaning 
as provided in section 101(12) of the Firearms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7– 2501.01(12), D.C. Official Code).’’; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6A) ‘Place of business’ shall have the 
same meaning as provided in section 101(12A) of the Firearms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2501.01(12A), D.C. Official Code).’’; 
(9) by striking paragraph (8) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(8) ‘Sawed-off shotgun’ shall have the 
same meaning as provided in section 101(15) of the Firearms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2501.01(15), D.C. Official Code).’’; and 
(10) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(9A) ‘Shotgun’ shall have the same mean-
ing as provided in section 101(16) of the Fire-arms Control Regulations Act of 1975 (sec. 7– 2501.01(16), D.C. Official Code).’’. 
SEC. 315. PROHIBITIONS OF FIREARMS FROM 
PRIVATE AND SENSITIVE PUBLIC PROPERTY. 
The Act of July 8, 1932 (47 Stat. 650, chap-
ter 465; sec. 22–4501 et seq., D.C. Official Code), is amended by inserting after section 3 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3A. PROHIBITIONS OF FIREARMS FROM 
PRIVATE AND SENSITIVE PUBLIC PROPERTY. 
‘‘(a) Private persons or entities owning 
property in the District of Columbia may prohibit or restrict the possession of fire-arms on their property by any persons, other than law enforcement personnel when law-fully authorized to enter onto the property or lessees occupying residential or business premises. 
‘‘(b) The District of Columbia may prohibit 
or restrict the possession of firearms within any building or structure under its control, or in any area of such building or structure, that has implemented security measures (in-cluding guard posts, metal detection devices, x-ray or other scanning devices, or card- based or biometric access devices) to identify and exclude unauthorized or hazardous per-sons or articles, except that no such prohibi-tion or restriction may apply to lessees occu-pying residential or business premises.’’. 
SEC. 316. INCLUDING TOY AND ANTIQUE PISTOLS 
IN PROHIBITION AGAINST USING AN IMITATION FIREARM TO COMMIT A VIOLENT OR DANGEROUS CRIME. 
Section 13 of the Act of July 8, 1932 (sec. 
22–4513, D.C. Official Code), is amended by striking ‘‘section 2 and section 14(b)’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 2, 4(b), and 14(b)’’. 
SEC. 317. REPEAL OF GUN OFFENDER REGISTRY. 
Title VIII of the Firearms Control Regula-
tions Act of 1975 (sec. 7–2508.01 et seq., D.C. Official Code), as added by section 205 of the Omnibus Public Safety and Justice Amend-ment Act of 2009 (D.C. Law 18–88), is re-pealed. 
SEC. 318. REPEALS OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
ACTS. 
Effective on the day before the date of the 
enactment of this Act, each of the following Acts is repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by any of such Acts is restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted into law: 
(1) The Assault Weapon Manufacturing 
Strict Liability Act of 1990 (D.C. Law 8–263). 
(2) The Illegal Firearm Sale and Distribu-
tion Strict Liability Act of 1992 (D.C. Law 9– 115). (3) The Firearms Registration Amendment 
Act of 2008 (D.C. Law 17–372). 
(4) The Inoperable Pistol Amendment Act 
of 2008 (D.C. Law 17–388). 
(5) The Firearms Amendment Act of 2012 
(D.C. Law 19–170). 
(6) The Administrative Disposition for 
Weapons Offenses Amendment Act of 2012 (D.C. Law 19–295). 
(7) The License to Carry a Pistol Second 
Emergency Amendment Act of 2014 (D.C. Act A20–0564). 
(8) The License to Carry a Pistol Tem-
porary Amendment Act of 2014 (D.C. Law 20– 169). 
(9) The License to Carry a Pistol Amend-
ment Act of 2014 (D.C. Act A20–0621). 
SEC. 319. REPEAL OF FEDERAL INTERSTATE 
HANDGUN TRANSFER BAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 922 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and 
subsection (b)(3)’’; 
(B) by striking paragraphs (3) and (5); (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (3); 
(D) by redesignating paragraphs (6) 
through (9) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; and 
(E) in paragraph (6), as redesignated, by 
adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4); and 
(C) in the flush text following paragraph 
(4), as redesignated— 
(i) by striking ‘‘(3), and (4)’’ and inserting 
‘‘and (3)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3)’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Title 18, United States Code, is amend-
ed— 
(A) in section 924— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘(a)(4)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(a)(3)’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(a)(6)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(a)(4)’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (d)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(a)(4), 
(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(3), (a)(4)’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 922(a)(1), 922(a)(3), 922(a)(5), or 922(b)(3)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 922(a)(1)’’; and 
(B) in section 1028A(c)(3), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 922(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 922(a)(4)’’. 
(2) Section 4182(d) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘922(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘922(b)(4)’’. 
(3) Section 40733 of title 36, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Section 922(a)(1)–(3) and (5) of title 18 does not’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) of sec-tion 922(a) of title 18 shall not’’. 
(4) Section 161A(b) of the Atomic Energy 
Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2201a(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsections (a)(4), (a)(5), (b)(2), (b)(4), and (o) of section 922’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (o) of section 922’’. 
SEC. 320. FIREARMS PERMITTED ON FEDERAL 
PROPERTY. 
Section 930 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the lawful storage or possession of a 
firearm or other dangerous weapon within a publically accessible, non-sensitive area of real property owned or leased by the Federal 
Government.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(4) The term ‘publically accessible, non- 
sensitive area’ means an area in which the Federal Government has not implemented security measures, including metal detection devices, x-ray or other scanning devices, or card-based or biometric access devices, at a point of entry.’’. 
SEC. 321. SEVERABILITY. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this title, if any provision of this title, or any amendment made by this title, or the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, the other provisions of this title and any other amendments made by this title, and the application of such provi-sion or amendment to other persons or cir-cumstances, shall not be affected thereby. 
SA 2916. Mr. McCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert 
the following: 
I—HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND 
PENSIONS 
SEC. 101. THE PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2015’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (3) through (5). 
(b) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Of 
the funds made available by such section 4002, the unobligated balance is rescinded. 
SEC. 102. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-
GRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of 
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting after ‘‘Section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)) is amended’’ the following: ‘‘by striking ‘$3,600,000,000’ and inserting ‘$3,835,000,000’ and’’. 
SEC. 104. TERRITORIES. 
Section 1323(c) of the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18043(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) N
O FORCE AND EFFECT .—Effective Janu-
ary 1, 2018, this subsection shall have no force or effect.’’. 
SEC. 105. REINSURANCE, RISK CORRIDOR, AND 
RISK ADJUSTMENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) T RANSITIONAL REINSURANCE PROGRAM  
FORINDIVIDUAL MARKET .—Section 1341 of the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18061) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) N
OFORCE AND EFFECT .—Effective Jan-
uary 1, 2016, the Secretary shall not collect fees and shall not make payments under this section.’’. 
(b) R
ISKCORRIDORS FOR PLANS IN INDI-
VIDUAL AND SMALL GROUP MARKETS .—Sec-
tion 1342 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18062) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) N
OFORCE AND EFFECT .—Effective Jan-
uary 1, 2016, this section shall have no force or effect.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.055 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8421 December 3, 2015 
SEC. 106. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS AND URGENT MENTAL HEALTH NEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, $750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) to award grants to States to address the substance abuse public health crisis or to respond to urgent mental health needs within the State. In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary may give preference to States with an incidence or prevalence of substance use disorders that is substantial relative to other States or to States that identify mental health needs within their communities that are urgent relative to such needs of other States. Funds appropriated under this subsection shall re-main available until expended. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded to a 
State under subsection (a) shall be used for one or more of the following public health- related activities: 
(1) Improving State prescription drug mon-
itoring programs. 
(2) Implementing prevention activities, 
and evaluating such activities to identify ef-fective strategies to prevent substance abuse. 
(3) Training for health care practitioners, 
such as best practices for prescribing opioids, pain management, recognizing potential 
cases of substance abuse, referral of patients to treatment programs, and overdose preven-tion. 
(4) Supporting access to health care serv-
ices provided by federally certified opioid treatment programs or other appropriate health care providers to treat substance use disorders or mental health needs. 
(5) Other public health-related activities, 
as the State determines appropriate, related to addressing the substance abuse public health crisis or responding to urgent mental health needs within the State. 
TITLE II—FINANCE 
SEC. 201. RECAPTURE EXCESS ADVANCE PAY-
MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDITS. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 36B(f)(2) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: 
‘‘(iii) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .— 
This subparagraph shall not apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2015, and be-fore January 1, 2018.’’. 
SEC. 202. PREMIUM TAX CREDIT AND COST-SHAR-
ING SUBSIDIES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PREMIUM TAXCREDIT .—Sub-
part C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 36B. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF COST-SHARING SUBSIDY .— 
Section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is repealed. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF ELIGIBILITY DETERMINA -
TIONS .—The following sections of the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act are re-pealed: 
(1) Section 1411 (other than subsection (i), 
the last sentence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii), and such provisions of such section solely to the extent related to the application of the last sentence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii)). 
(2) Section 1412. 
(d) P
ROTECTING AMERICANS BY REPEAL OF  
DISCLOSURE AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUTELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 
6103(l) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .—No disclosure may be 
made under this paragraph after December 31, 2017.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) P REMIUM TAX CREDIT .—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
(2) C
OST SHARING -SUBSIDIES AND ELIGIBILITY  
DETERMINATIONS .—The repeals in subsection 
(b) and (c) shall take effect on December 31, 2017. 
(3) P
ROTECTING AMERICANS BY RESCINDING  
DISCLOSURE AUTHORITY .—The amendments 
made by subsection (d) shall take effect on December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 203. SMALL BUSINESS TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45R of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) S
HALL NOTAPPLY .—This section shall 
not apply with respect to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 204. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B) by striking clauses 
(ii) and (iii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) Zero percent for taxable years begin-
ning after 2014.’’, and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) 
and inserting ‘‘$0’’, 
(B) by striking ‘‘and $325 for 2015’’ in sub-
paragraph (B), and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (D). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 205. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(c) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. 
(2) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 206. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds pro-vided from a program referred to in this sub-section that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) P ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-
ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— 
(A) that, as of the date of enactment of 
this Act— 
(i) is an organization described in section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; 
(ii) is an essential community provider de-
scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-
ductive health, and related medical care; and 
(iii) provides for abortions, other than an 
abortion— 
(I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act 
of rape or incest; or 
(II) in the case where a woman suffers from 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and 
(B) for which the total amount of Federal 
and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $350,000,000. 
(2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct 
spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). 
SEC. 207. MEDICAID. 
The Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et 
seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 1108(g)(5), by striking ‘‘2019’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2017’’; 
(2) in section 1902— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A), in each of 
clauses (i)(VIII) and (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2014,’’; 
(B) in subsection (a)(47)(B), by inserting 
‘‘and provided that any such election shall cease to be effective on January 1, 2018, and no such election shall be made after that date’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(C) in subsection (l)(2)(C), by inserting 
‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2014,’’; 
(3) in each of sections 1902(gg)(2) and 
2105(d)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; 
(4) in section 1905— (A) in the first sentence of subsection (b), 
by inserting ‘‘(50 percent on or after January 1, 2018)’’ after ‘‘55 percent’’; 
(B) in subsection (y)(1), by striking the 
semicolon at the end of subparagraph (B) and all that follows through ‘‘thereafter’’; and 
(C) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘each 
year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the 
semicolon at the end of subclause (IV) and all that follows through ‘‘100 percent’’; 
(5) in section 1915(k)(2), by striking ‘‘during 
the period described in paragraph (1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘on or after the date referred to in paragraph (1) and before January 1, 2018’’; 
(6) in section 1920(e), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply after December 31, 2017.’’; 
(7) in section 1937(b)(5), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after December 31, 2017.’’; and 
(8) in section 1943(a), by inserting ‘‘and be-
fore January 1, 2018,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2014,’’. 
SEC. 208. REPEAL OF DSH ALLOTMENT REDUC-
TIONS. 
Section 1923(f) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1396r–4(f)) is amended by striking paragraphs (7) and (8). 
SEC. 209. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE 
HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.062 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8422 December 3, 2015 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
(c) S
UBSEQUENT EFFECTIVE DATE.—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2024, and chapter 43 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as such chapter would read if such sub-section had never been enacted. 
SEC. 210. REPEAL OF TAX ON OVER-THE- 
COUNTER MEDICATIONS. 
(a) HSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 
223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the period. 
(b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of 
section 220(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod. 
(c) H
EALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGE -
MENTS AND HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT AR-
RANGEMENTS .—Section 106 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (f). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) D ISTRIBUTIONS FROM SAVINGS AC -
COUNTS .—The amendments made by sub-
sections (a) and (b) shall apply to amounts paid with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
(2) R
EIMBURSEMENTS .—The amendment 
made by subsection (c) shall apply to ex-penses incurred with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 211. REPEAL OF TAX ON HEALTH SAVINGS 
ACCOUNTS. 
(a) HSA S.—Section 223(f)(4)(A) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘10 per-cent’’. 
(b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Section 220(f)(4)(A) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 212. REPEAL OF LIMITATIONS ON CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO FLEXIBLE SPEND-ING ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 125 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (i). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 213. REPEAL OF TAX ON PRESCRIPTION 
MEDICATIONS. 
Subsection (j) of section 9008 of the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(j) R
EPEAL .—This section shall apply to 
calendar years beginning after December 31, 2010, and ending before January 1, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 214. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE 
TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to sales in calendar quarters beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 215. REPEAL OF HEALTH INSURANCE TAX. 
Subsection (j) of section 9010 of the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(j) R
EPEAL .—This section shall apply to 
calendar years beginning after December 31, 2013, and ending before January 1, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 216. REPEAL OF ELIMINATION OF DEDUC-
TION FOR EXPENSES ALLOCABLE TO MEDICARE PART D SUBSIDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139A of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: 
‘‘This section shall not be taken into ac-count for purposes of determining whether any deduction is allowable with respect to any cost taken into account in determining such payment.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 217. REPEAL OF CHRONIC CARE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘10 percent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘7.5 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 218. REPEAL OF MEDICARE TAX INCREASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
3101 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) H
OSPITAL INSURANCE .—In addition to 
the tax imposed by the preceding subsection, there is hereby imposed on the income of every individual a tax equal to 1.45 percent of the wages (as defined in section 3121(a)) re-ceived by such individual with respect to em-ployment (as defined in section 3121(b).’’. 
(b) SECA.—Subsection (b) of section 1401 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) H
OSPITAL INSURANCE .—In addition to 
the tax imposed by the preceding subsection, there shall be imposed for each taxable year, on the self-employment income of every in-dividual, a tax equal to 2.9 percent of the amount of the self-employment income for such taxable year.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to remuneration received after, and taxable years beginning after, December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 219. REPEAL OF TANNING TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 49. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to services performed on or after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 220. REPEAL OF NET INVESTMENT TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 2A. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 221. REMUNERATION. 
Paragraph (6) of section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(I) T
ERMINATION .—This paragraph shall 
not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015.’’. 
SEC. 222. ECONOMIC SUBSTANCE DOCTRINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (o) of section 
7701 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. 
(b) P
ENALTY FOR UNDERPAYMENTS .—Para-
graph (6) of section 6662(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. 
(c) I
NCREASED PENALTY FOR NONDISCLOSED  
TRANSACTIONS .—Subsection (i) of section 6662 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is re-pealed. 
(d) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION FOR UN-
DERPAYMENTS .—Paragraph (2) of section 
6664(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. 
(e) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION FOR NON-
DISCLOSED TRANSACTIONS .—Paragraph (2) of 
section 6664(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. 
(f) E
RRONEOUS CLAIM FOR REFUND OR CRED-
IT.—Subsection (c) of section 6676 of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. (g) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeals made by 
this section shall apply to transactions en-tered into, and to underpayments, under-statements, or refunds and credits attrib-utable to transactions entered into, after De-cember 31, 2015. 
SEC. 223. BUDGETARY SAVINGS FOR EXTENDING 
MEDICARE SOLVENCY. 
As a result of policies contained in this 
Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i) $379,300,000,000 (which represents the full amount of on- budget savings during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025) for extending Medi-care solvency, to remain available until ex-pended. 
SA 2917. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2916 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2874 
proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
In section 209, strike subsection (c). 
SA 2918. Mr. MURPHY (for himself 
and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2916 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2874 
proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the end of section 202, add the fol-
lowing: 
(f) N ONAPPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall not take effect if such amendments would result in an increase of Federal tax liability of any individual de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
(2) I
NDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—The individ-
uals described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: 
(A) Individuals who are victims of violent 
crime, including domestic violence. 
(B) Individuals who are victims of cancer, 
heart disease, Alzheimer’s disease, hepatitis C, HIV/AIDS , or other deadly diseases. 
(C) Individuals who are veterans, including 
disabled veterans. 
(D) Individuals who lost their health insur-
ance when they lost their jobs, including those who lost their job because their em-ployer moved their job overseas. 
(E) Individuals who are survivors of cancer, 
strokes, or other chronic diseases. 
(F) Pregnant women. 
SEC. 202A. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.062 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8423 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable 
year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 202B. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-
CESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a 
former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 202C. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after November 
30, 2015, the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.065 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8424 December 3, 2015 
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on Novem-ber 30, 2015, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regu-lations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before December 1, 2015,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after November 30, 2015. 
SA 2919. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2916 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2874 
proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. l. FREEDOM TO KEEP HEALTH INSURANCE 
COVERAGE. 
(a) A DVANCE PREMIUM TAXCREDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments and re-
peals made by section 202 shall not apply to any individual who— 
(A) receives an advanced payment under 
section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of the premium tax credit under section 36B of the Internal Rev-enue of 1986 for the month of December 2017, and 
(B) makes an election under this sub-
section at such time and in such manner as determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to an individual for any month after which it is determined that such individual is not eligible to receive such an advanced payment (determined after the application of paragraph (1)). 
(b) M
EDICAID .—Any State that chooses to 
make medical assistance available under sec-tion 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) to individuals described in that section may elect on or before December 31, 2017, to have the amendments made by section 207 not apply to the State and for the State to con-
tinue to make medical assistance available under its State Medicaid plan to all individ-uals as if such amendments had not taken ef-fect. 
SEC. l. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME TAX-
PAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which 
bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). ‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by 
adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. l. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-
CESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.065 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8425 December 3, 2015 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after November 
30, 2015, the direct or indirect acquisition of— ‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on Novem-ber 30, 2015, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regu-lations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before December 1, 2015,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after November 30, 2015. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 3, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 
3, 2015, at 10 a.m. in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 3, 2015, at 9 a.m., to conduct a closed briefing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Role in the Middle East.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT— 
CONFERENCE REPORT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the conference report accompanying S. 1177. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair lays before the Senate the con-ference report to accompany S. 1177, which will be stated by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 1177), to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, having met, have agreed that the Senate recede from its dis-agreement to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment and the House agree to the same, signed by a majority of the conferees on the part of both Houses. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the conference report. 
(The conference report is printed in 
the House proceedings of the Record of November 30, 2015.) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany S. 1177, an act to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander, 
Mike Rounds, Deb Fischer, Dan Sul-livan, Lisa Murkowski, Orrin G. Hatch, Shelley Moore Capito, Pat Roberts, Chuck Grassley, Richard Burr, Cory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03DE6.066 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8426 December 3, 2015 
Gardner, John Hoeven, John Cornyn, 
David Perdue, Johnny Isakson, Daniel Coats. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum be waived with respect to the cloture mo-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2359 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2359) to restore Second Amend-
ment rights in the District of Columbia. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
NATIONAL BISON LEGACY ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 2032 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2032) to adopt the bison as the na-
tional mammal of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 2032) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2032 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Bison Legacy Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) bison are considered a historical symbol 
of the United States; 
(2) bison were integrally linked with the 
economic and spiritual lives of many Indian tribes through trade and sacred ceremonies; (3) there are more than 60 Indian tribes 
participating in the Intertribal Buffalo Council; 
(4) numerous members of Indian tribes are 
involved in bison restoration on tribal land; 
(5) members of Indian tribes have a com-
bined herd on more than 1,000,000 acres of tribal land; 
(6) the Intertribal Buffalo Council is a trib-
al organization incorporated pursuant to sec-tion 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 477); 
(7) bison can play an important role in im-
proving the types of grasses found in land-scapes to the benefit of grasslands; 
(8) a small group of ranchers helped save 
bison from extinction in the late 1800s by gathering the remnants of the decimated herds; 
(9) bison hold significant economic value 
for private producers and rural communities; 
(10) according to the 2012 Census of Agri-
culture of the Department of Agriculture, as of 2012, 162,110 head of bison were under the stewardship of private producers, creating jobs and providing a sustainable and healthy meat source contributing to the food secu-rity of the United States; 
(11) on December 8, 1905, William 
Hornaday, Theodore Roosevelt, and others formed the American Bison Society in re-sponse to the near extinction of bison in the United States; 
(12) on October 11, 1907, the American Bison 
Society sent 15 captive-bred bison from the New York Zoological Park, now known as the ‘‘Bronx Zoo’’, to the first wildlife refuge in the United States, which was known as the ‘‘Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge’’, resulting in the first successful reintroduc-tion of a mammal species on the brink of ex-tinction back into the natural habitat of the species; 
(13) in 2005, the American Bison Society 
was reestablished, bringing together bison ranchers, managers from Indian tribes, Fed-eral and State agencies, conservation organi-zations, and natural and social scientists from the United States, Canada, and Mexico to create a vision for the North American bison in the 21st century; 
(14) there are bison herds in National Wild-
life Refuges and National Parks; 
(15) there are bison in State-managed herds 
across 11 States; 
(16) there is a growing effort to celebrate 
and officially recognize the historical, cul-tural, and economic significance of the North American bison to the heritage of the United States; 
(17) a bison is portrayed on 2 State flags; (18) the bison has been adopted by 3 States 
as the official mammal or animal of those States; 
(19) a bison has been depicted on the offi-
cial seal of the Department of the Interior since 1912; 
(20) the buffalo nickel played an important 
role in modernizing the currency of the United States; 
(21) several sports teams have the bison as 
a mascot, which highlights the iconic signifi-cance of bison in the United States; 
(22) in the 2nd session of the 113th Con-
gress, 22 Senators led a successful effort to enact a resolution to designate November 1, 2014, as the second annual National Bison Day; and 
(23) members of Indian tribes, bison pro-
ducers, conservationists, sportsmen, edu-cators, and other public and private partners have participated in the annual National 
Bison Day celebration at several events across the United States and are committed to continuing this tradition annually on the first Saturday of November. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT AND ADOPTION OF THE 
NORTH AMERICAN BISON AS THE NATIONAL MAMMAL. 
The mammal commonly known as the 
‘‘North American bison’’ is adopted as the national mammal of the United States. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
now ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Monday, December 7, the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 214; that there then be 30 minutes of debate on the nomination, and that following the use or yielding of time, the Senate vote on the nomi-nation without intervening action or debate; that following disposition of the nomination, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 
7, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2 p.m., Monday, Decem-ber 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that at 5 p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session as under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
DECEMBER 7, 2015, AT 2 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 9:53 p.m., adjourned until Monday, December 7, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03DE6.100 S03DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1701 December 3, 2015 
HONORING ERIC ATKINSON, PRESI-
DENT OF ATKINSON CANDY COM-PANY 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is a great 
honor to recognize today an east Texas man and an east Texas family who have realized the American dream the old-fashioned way— through a lifetime of hard work with complete dedication to his family, to his community, and to his craft. 
Eric Atkinson is President of the company 
founded by his grandfather B.E. Atkinson Sr. in 1932. Atkinson Candy Company of Lufkin, Texas is not only a beloved landmark in Angelina County, it is a Texas tradition with a loyal following of candy lovers all over the world. The company still uses the original fam-ily recipes and machinery to make its iconic signature Chick-O-Stick, Peanut Butter Bar, Long Boy, and other legendary candies. In fact, his peppermint recipe uses ingredients of such phenomenal quality that exceptional stra-tegic work was required in order to manufac-ture it in a way that keeps the costs from being astronomical. 
Eric is an active leader in the candy industry 
who has held a position on the board of the Convenience Distribution Association for more than fifteen years. For his commitment to the industry, Eric has received accolades from nu-merous trade groups, including the 1990 Candy Man of the Year from Southern To-bacco & Candy Association, the 1998 Dean Award and a 2013 Hall of Fame recognition from the Convenience Distribution Association, and the Doc Reed Silver Candy Dish Award from the National Confectioners’ Association in 2008. He also received a 2010 nomination for the Kettle Award, which is the highest recogni-tion an individual working within the U.S. con-
fectionery industry can attain. Most recently, Eric Atkinson was honored by being inducted into the prestigious 2015 National Confec-tionery Sales Association’s Candy Hall of Fame following in the footsteps of his father Dr. Basil E. Atkinson Jr., who was named to the Candy Hall of Fame in 2011. 
Away from the confection industry, Eric is 
an avid supporter of area athletic programs as well as our nation’s military and regularly makes product donations to charitable events all over the region. His organization also ex-tends its goodwill worldwide, shipping sweets from the legendary candy kitchen to American military personnel serving overseas. 
It is a distinct privilege to honor this remark-
able man along with his organization, his fam-ily and their cumulative legacy of excellence, extraordinary leadership, exemplary character, boundless enthusiasm, and a work ethic that never ever quits. Eric Atkinson’s commitment to time honored quality and the preservation of family values is now recorded in this C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD which will endure as long 
as there is a United States of America. RECOGNIZING MR. CHARLES 
THOMAS HEAD FOR HIS LIFE-TIME OF SERVICE 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a distinguished citizen in my district, Mr. Charles Thomas Head. Later this month, Tommy will be retiring from banking after 38 years of tremendous service to the Mills Coun-ty community. 
Tommy began his career at Mills State Bank 
as a loan officer on October 1, 1977. He served in this position for nearly ten years be-fore being elected President of Mills County State Bank. As president, his leadership helped the bank grow from $30 million in as-sets to over $290 million in assets. Tommy’s hard work also helped the bank expand from one location to five throughout the area. 
Although his professional accomplishments 
are impressive, Tommy’s work within the com-munity is even more extraordinary. He has been an active leader in countless community initiatives, including Goldthwaite’s Texas Bo-tanical Gardens & Native American Interpre-tive Center. The Native American Interpretive Center allows many residents of Mills County the opportunity to learn firsthand how genera-tions of Native Americans in Texas have uti-lized the abundant resources Texas has to offer. The Texas Botanical Gardens is a living museum that offers visitors a look at the na-tive plant species that were utilized by civiliza-tions dating back 10–12,000 years ago. Many of these community initiatives would not be possible had it not been for the hard work, time, and dedication of Tommy Head. 
In addition, Tommy has also been instru-
mental in assisting local high school students who have won the Congressional Art Competi-tion. This event is a districtwide art contest where students submit entries to their rep-resentative’s office. The winner of the competi-tion is recognized with their artwork here in Washington, D.C. Many of these winners have come from Mills County, and Tommy has al-ways voluntarily taken care of the costs asso-ciated with this trip for these students and their guardians. For many of these students, this is a trip of a lifetime and it is all possible because of Tommy’s generosity. 
We are blessed to have individuals in our 
country like Tommy. His selfless qualities ex-emplify every aspect of the American spirit and make our communities stronger. Tommy’s lifetime of service will forever be an example of how people can make their home a better place. 
On behalf of the 11th District, I am honored 
to recognize Tommy’s distinguished career in serving Mills County. I wish nothing but the best for him and his wife, Wynona, as they embark on a new chapter in their life. IN HONOR OF THE LATE SHIRLEY 
CHISHOLM 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in honor of the late Shirley Chis-holm whose courage helped pave the way, for a little black girl from Selma to walk the hal-lowed halls of Congress as the Representative from Alabama’s 7th Congressional District. 
I strongly believe that in order to be a Con-
gresswoman, I had to first see myself as a Congresswoman. The person who most em-bodied that was Shirley Chisholm. Through her—I was able to see that I too could be in Congress. I too could represent my community and work towards positive change for people who were denied a seat at the table. 
I am fortunate to have met Ms. Chisholm 
before she passed away. I took a train to Mount Holyoke my senior year at Princeton to interview Ms. Chisholm for my senior thesis, ‘‘Black Women in Politics: Our Time Has Come.’’ As luck would have it, it started to snow just as soon as I sat down in the chair across from her. My thirty minute interview turned into a four hour interview, and Ms. Chisholm shared the challenges and struggles she encountered as the first African-American woman ever elected to Congress. 
Whenever I feel the weight of the world rest-
ing on my shoulder . . . I walk by her portrait hanging in the Capitol to remind myself of her strength, courage, and conviction. I know that whatever challenges I have encountered pale in comparison to the trials she faced. It was not easy for her to walk the halls of Congress as the only black woman. She opened the door for Barbara Jordan, and everyone else who followed including me. 
Even though many barriers have been bro-
ken since her tenure here, there is still much work to do. Ms. Chisholm once said that ‘‘service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this earth.’’ I can only hope that my service in this august body will one day inspire others to work for a better, more just society in the same manner that Shirley Chisholm has inspired me. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND 
ACHIEVEMENT OF RONALD MAT-HEWS 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the extraordinary service of Mr. Ronald Mathews. Ronald, a lifelong resident of the City of Struthers, Ohio, has recently retired from a remarkable career as an elected coun-cilman for 26 years spanning 13 election cy-cles—the longest tenure of service in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03DE8.001 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1702 December 3, 2015 
town’s history. As a union member for the 
Teamsters local 377, Ron always felt he was representing the middle class and working families. He was most proud when he could vote in favor of projects that would put union members to work and make the City of Struth-ers a better place to live and raise a family. Public servants like Ronald are what makes the civic fabric of the United States so strong. He will be missed in public life, but can enjoy retirement knowing he contributed greatly to Struthers. Ron loves Struthers, he loves his family, and has earned the respect of the citi-zens of our region. We were lucky to have him as a leader in our community, and I wish him a wonderful retirement with his wife, Pat, and 6 children. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DETECTIVE FIRST 
GRADE DENNIS C. D ERIENZO 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-
nize Detective First Grade Dennis DeRienzo 
of the New York City Police Department, Avia-tion Unit, for his dedication to the citizens of New York City and this Nation. 
After 22
1⁄2years of service in the NYPD— 
the last ten years as Chief Pilot for the Avia-tion Unit—he retired on November 30th, 2015. He was appointed to the NYPD in August 1993 and subsequently entered Military Ex-tended Leave from the NYPD. He served with distinction in the United States Marine Corps. Commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in June 1993, he graduated Naval Flight School in August 1996 and served as an AH–1W Super Cobra Pilot. In February 1999, while serving with Marine Light Attack Squadron 269 (HMLA–269), then-Captain DeRienzo suffered serious injuries in a crash. After the mishap, he was medically retired from the Marines as a result of his injuries after the Class A Mis-hap. Following extensive medical treatment and rehabilitation, he returned to active serv-ice with the New York City Police Department. 
Detective DeRienzo was transferred to the 
NYPD Aviation Unit on September 10th, 2001, and was appointed Chief Pilot in July 2005. He has served as Chief Pilot for 10 years. During his years of service in the Aviation Unit, he guided and executed countless res-cues of civilians and mariners. He likewise conducted countless support operations for his NYPD brothers and sisters on the ground. Ad-ditionally, Det. DeRienzo carried out multiple support operations for the President of the United States and distinguished visitors to the City of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Detective 
DeRienzo on his retirement from the NYPD and thank him for his dedication and service to this Nation and the People of the City of New York. I wish him and his family well in all future endeavors. HONORING CONGRESSWOMAN 
SHIRLEY CHISHOLM 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
one of my personal heroes, former Congress-woman Shirley Chisholm, who posthumously received the Presidential Medal of Freedom last week. 
Congresswoman Chisholm was the first 
Black woman elected to the U.S. Congress and the first woman (and African American) to run for a major party’s presidential nomination. The Congresswoman was also one of the 12 founders of the Congressional Black Caucus. She was a catalyst for change. 
To quote Congresswoman Chisholm, ‘‘You 
don’t make progress by standing on the side-lines, whimpering and complaining. You make progress by implementing ideas.’’ 
Let us remember her words during the re-
mainder of our legislative session. The Mem-bers of this House have the opportunity to im-plement ideas that can transform this nation. 
Just yesterday, we approved the Every Stu-
dent Succeeds Act (ESSA) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) and address some of our nation’s most pressing public education issues. The bill protects Title I funding, ensures equitable allo-cation of resources to schools, recognizes the importance of after-school education, and maintains subgroup disaggregation of data for reporting. The ESSA also gives states and local school districts more flexibility, while pre-serving the federal role in education and en-suring that states and districts honor the civil rights legacy of ESEA. 
I am pleased my colleagues came together 
to pass this important bill. While not perfect, the ESSA is a step forward for public edu-cation in this country. 
As Congresswoman Chisholm also said, ‘‘I 
don’t measure America by its achievement but by its potential.’’ Yesterday’s actions showed the nation this Congress has great potential to put politics aside and serve the best interests of the American people. 
May we continue in this spirit, and let us 
honor Congresswoman Chisholm by working together to improve the lives of all Americans. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PAUL T. 
O’DOWD, JR. 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Lieutenant Colonel Paul T. O’Dowd, Jr. 
Colonel O’Dowd was a father, husband, 
teacher, and American hero whose life was dedicated to service. After graduating high school in San Francisco, he joined the Marine Corps, fighting for his country in the Pacific Theater of World War II as a tail gunner on B– 52 aircraft. Upon his return, he attended the University of San Francisco and was commis-sioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army Reserve. In 1949, Paul volunteered for active duty 
and was stationed in Washington. When fight-ing in Korea broke out, he was assigned as forward observer in the 2nd Infantry Division. In 1951, Paul was captured by North Korean forces. Declared killed in action, he was held and tortured for 938 days. After nearly three years, he was released. For his meritorious conduct in captivity, Paul was awarded the Bronze Star. 
His service in the Army did not end after his 
ordeal. Paul continued to work for his country throughout the Cold War. He was stationed in Germany for three years and advised the Re-public of China and the Chinese National Army, earning the recognitions of ‘‘Good Man of Good Deeds’’ and the Medal of Army Bril-liance. For his service to his country, Paul O’Dowd was awarded two Bronze Stars, a Purple Heart, the National Defense Service Medal, the Korean Service Medal, the UN Service Medal, the Air Medal, and the Legion of Merit. 
Paul was a dad, a teacher, a husband, and 
an inspiration to many. He was a man who served his country and his family faithfully and fearlessly, and he will be missed. 
‘‘AMERICAN HERO, FORMER POW, 
REMEMBERED ’’ 
[From the Seoul Times] 
For those who knew him he was Paul, 
‘‘Digger,’’ ‘‘The Old Man,’’ ‘‘Dad,’’ and ‘‘Friend’’ but others have said ‘‘he was an in-spiration to keep the faith between brothers in arms.’’ A True American Hero. 
Dateline: Arlington National Cemetery. 
Dec. 3, 3:00 p.m. Full Military Honors. An honor guard marches, the band plays, as the caisson passes with flagged draped coffin to grave side. 
Laid to rest and Flag folded, the volley 
fired, that let all present know that a hero has died, Taps plays the last time. He will re-ceive the Medal of Army Brilliance, A Class from the Republic of China (Taiwan) for service to their defense. 
His life was one of service to his country 
and community. As an educator with two 
master’s degrees,’’ he said. ‘‘He and Judy broke the norm with a marriage lasting 67 years.’’ A Vets Veteran always helping oth-ers who had served. Making sure they re-ceived the benefits of their service both in the United States and overseas. 
Paul T. O’Dowd Jr. was born in San Fran-
cisco Oct. 18, 1924, the son of Paul O’Dowd Sr. and Charlotta Belle Boudreaux O’Dowd. Grew up there and graduated from Lowell High School. 
After graduation Paul enlisted in the Ma-
rine Corps for the duration, plus six months, during WWII and as a heavy machine gunner in the Marine Air Wing as tail gunner on B25’s, he participated in four combat oper-ations in the Pacific (Solomons, Leyte, Bis-marck Archipelago, and Treasury Bougain-ville). 
After the war, he attended the University 
of San Francisco under the G.I. Bill. In June of 1948 he was commissioned as an Army Re-serve Second Lieutenant in the Coast Artil-lery. 
When the Soviets denied Americans access 
to Berlin in early 1949, Paul volunteered for active duty and was assigned to the 37th Field Artillery Battalion, 2nd Infantry Divi-sion (ID), at Fort Lewis, Washington. 
Shortly after the Korean War started, the 
2nd Division was alerted for movement to Korea. Paul was transferred to ‘‘C’’ Battery, 15th Field Artillery as a forward observer. 
From Pusan parameter to the breakout 
and all the way north and back south again supporting the Division and the units they supported. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03DE8.004 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1703 December 3, 2015 
In mid-February 1951 he was captured and 
held POW for 938 days. All the while the US Army had him declared KIA without a body. Over and over again he was isolated and beaten and put in solitary confinement for defying them. 
The last to cross the bridge of no return, 
officially repatriated on 6 September 1953 two days after they closed down the POW re-ception station from operation ‘‘Big Switch.’’ 
At 5 ′10″ and only 89 lbs. he was truly at 
deaths door. Arrested, as he was not on any POW rosters, Paul was taken to Tokyo for interrogation, he proved himself and was rec-ognized by Officers. 
He went to school with other POW’s having 
stood up against the torture and indoctrina-tion of the Red Chinese and North Korean communist propaganda. 
He was released, transferred stateside and 
spent more than six months at Letterman Army Hospital as a patient recuperating. He was then assigned as an assistant professor of military science in a ROTC program at the University of San Francisco. 
While in this position, 1st Lt. O’Dowd was 
decorated by Major General William F. Dean with the Bronze Star for his meritorious achievements and conduct while a prisoner of war. Very rarely are POWS decorated for their actions while a prisoner. 
On the Speakers Bureau; Paul would speak 
to groups about the brainwashing that oc-curred in the communists POW camps. 
During the Cold War Captain O’Dowd was 
stationed in Germany for three and a half years as a Nuclear Weapons Employment Of-ficer, working in an Honest John Missile Battalion and later with a 280mm Gun Bat-talion. 
He also spent three years as an advisor to 
the Chinese National Army on the island of Taiwan. (MAAG) While in Taiwan in 1966, Major O’Dowd also received an award from the Republic of China for ‘‘Good Man of Good Deeds,’’ the highest honor in that country. 
He stopped and rescued victims trapped in 
a burning building without considering his own safety and assisted in putting out the fire. 
LTC O’Dowd received many medals and 
commendations for his military and civilian service; some are: two Bronze Stars with V device for Valor, a Purple Heart, the Na-tional Defense Service Medal, Korean Serv-ice Medal, UN Service Medal (Korea), The Air Medal, Army Commendation Medal, and The Legion of Merit. Chinese: Good Man of Good Deeds. 
Teacher and educator, a scholar, a soldier, 
a good representative of the American way of life, and a family man; Paul was the real deal, a straight shooter and a True American Hero. 
Having lived a long life, most of it in serv-
ice to our country, to his fellow service members, and veterans, Paul O’Dowd died 
July 27, 2015 in his home in California at the age of 90. 
The Defense Attache ´: RADM Yang from 
the Republic of China (Taiwan) will present Paul at the funeral the Medal of Army Bril-liance, A Class, signed by their Minister of National Defense to honor LTC O’Dowd’s contribution to their defense. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED F.M. ‘‘BUBBA’’ FISHER 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved F.M. ‘‘Bubba’’ 
Fisher. A native son of Northwest Florida, Bubba’s contributions to his community are unparalleled, and all of Northwest Florida mourns his passing. 
Bubba was born and raised in Santa Rosa 
County, Florida. The youngest of nine chil-dren, he learned the value of hard work from his parents and siblings, while developing a lifelong love of the outdoors. After graduating from Milton High School in 1941, Bubba went to work in the family business until the tragic attack on Pearl Harbor, when he answered the call of duty, enlisting to serve in the U.S. Navy. During World War II, Bubba served with honor and distinction in the Pacific Theatre until the end of the war, when he returned home to Northwest Florida. Back home, Bubba took over the family business from his father and married his wife of nearly 70 years, Mildred. 
Bubba’s commitment to service and his 
dedication to his community were exemplified by his many years of public service, including two terms on the Milton City Council, two terms on the Santa Rosa County Board of Commissioners, four and a half terms as the Santa Rosa County Property Appraiser, and two terms as Chairman of the Florida Property Appraiser’s Association. In addition to his pub-lic service and business success, Bubba was deeply committed to serving the Lord and his church community. A life-long member of First Baptist Church of Milton, Bubba taught Sun-day School for 25 years, and he and Mildred raised their children in a strong faith-based home. 
Throughout his life, Bubba worked tirelessly 
to serve his Nation and community, to carry on the family business, and to help raise a family. To some Bubba will be remembered as a veteran, who joined with so many in the Greatest Generation to defeat fascism; to oth-ers he will be remembered as a long-time public servant, who went above and beyond to help better the community that he loved; to his friends and family, he will be most fondly re-membered as a loving husband, father, grand-father, and great-grandfather. 
On behalf of the United States Congress, I 
am honored to recognize the life and legacy of my friend, Bubba Fisher. My wife Vicki and I extend our heartfelt prayers and deepest con-dolences to his wife, Mildred; son, F.M. ‘‘Dusty’’; grandchildren, Jason, Brandon, and Candice; great-grandchildren, Sarah, Ben, Grayson, Macey and Noah; and the entire Fisher family. 
f 
HONORING NAZARETH ACADEMY 
ON WINNING THEIR SECOND CON-SECUTIVE FOOTBALL CHAMPION-SHIP 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Nazareth Academy and the Road-runners football team. On November 26, the Nazareth Academy Roadrunners won their second consecutive Illinois High School Asso-ciation football championship with an impres-sive 42–21 victory over Lincoln-Way West. I want to congratulate Coach Tim Racki, the faculty and staff of Nazareth Academy, and 
the young men on this team whose dedication led to this achievement. 
The Nazareth Academy varsity football team 
finished the season with a distinguished 12–2 record. In the championship game, Nazareth held an extraordinary 35–0 lead at halftime. Football is a demanding sport that requires teamwork, enthusiasm and perseverance. The Roadrunners demonstrated these qualities with true distinction. 
But Nazareth is about more than football for 
the players. As Nazareth’s principal Deborah Tracy said following the championship game, ‘‘More important than any one victory, Naza-reth strives to develop more respectful, kind, faith-filled and service-oriented student-ath-letes.’’ That was clear to me when I visited Nazareth after last year’s championship. 
This impressive victory was the sixth state 
championship win for Coach Tim Racki. Coach Racki’s strong leadership and dedica-tion propelled the Nazareth football team to success. The talents of Coach Racki have been evident throughout his career, and his commitment to sportsmanship is recognized throughout the state of Illinois. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing this truly impressive achieve-ment made by the Nazareth Academy Road-runners football team and to congratulate them on their state championship. Additionally, I wish each player continued success as he moves forward. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
657, I voted no but I intended to vote yes. 
f 
HONORING JOSHUA KEITH 
DUTCHER 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Joshua Keith Dutcher. Joshua is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 714, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Joshua has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Joshua has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Josh-ua has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Joshua replaced the old wooden street signs with new metal signs in his hometown of Camden Point, Missouri. Thirty-four years prior, his father’s Eagle Serv-ice Project was to build and install the wooden street signs that Joshua updated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03DE8.007 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1704 December 3, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Joshua Keith Dutcher for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING HARRY SERAYDARIAN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Harry Seraydarian, who is retiring this year from his position as the Executive Di-rector of the North Bay Watershed Association (NBWA) in Corte Madera, California. Mr. Seraydarian has worked tirelessly throughout his long and productive career to protect wa-tershed resources and natural spaces in our region, both with the NBWA and the Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA). 
A lifelong advocate for the environment, Mr. 
Seraydarian spent most of his working years in government. In his decades of service with the EPA, Mr. Seraydarian distinguished him-self as a Director of the Water Management Division, Director of Toxics & Waste Manage-ment, and an Associate Regional Adminis-trator in the EPA’s Region 9. In his final role, he served as an in-house ‘‘neutral,’’ using his extensive problem solving skills and technical knowledge to resolve disputes. 
If there’s a challenge unsuited to Mr. 
Seraydarian, it may be retirement. Following a 33-year federal career, he retired in 2002, but quickly reentered the workforce in 2004 as the NBWA’s Executive Director. Under his leader-ship, the NBWA has funded 36 projects the North Bay, totaling nearly one million dollars. The Association, a consortium of 16 regional and local public agencies in Marin, Sonoma, and Napa counties, has encouraged collabora-tion across different levels of government, and, in no small part to Mr. Seraydarian’s ef-forts, has enhanced stewardship efforts in the North Bay watershed. 
Mr. Seraydarian’s varied and significant tal-
ents, particularly in environmental mediation and conflict resolution, will not soon be forgot-ten. Our local environment is a better place today thanks to his technical abilities, manage-rial experience, and dedication to results-driv-en conservation. 
Mr. Speaker, Harry Seraydarian’s enduring 
commitment to improving our watersheds and environment is admirable and worthy of our recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to him on his re-tirement and our best wishes to him on his next adventure. 
f 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECU-
RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century 
energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other purposes: 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
rise in opposition to the crude oil export amendment. 
In the past 10 years, the United States has 
undergone an energy revolution. 
But due to our success in places like Texas, 
North Dakota and Colorado the price of oil has fallen from $100 per barrel to $40. 
Gasoline prices have fallen from almost $4 
per gallon to less than $2. 
All of this has benefitted our economy and 
the consumer. 
I support crude oil exports. But I want to protect our domestic manufac-
turing jobs, including refining. 
We have the resource, we should use as 
much as possible here at home and sell what is left. 
The crude oil export ban has been in place 
since 1975. 
In the 1970s, the United States put the ban 
in place to protect our national interests. 
That’s more than 40 years of legislative his-
tory. 
Before we do away with that history, we 
should make sure we have a policy that will make sense for the next 40 years and per-haps beyond. 
Crude oil is a valuable national resource 
and the government should have some over-sight as to where and when we send crude overseas. 
I was hoping we could craft language that 
would create a process at the Bureau of In-dustry and Security, within the Department of Commerce, that would establish an authoriza-tion and reporting requirements for crude oil. 
We should have some basic requirements 
at the Department of Commerce to oversee crude. 
Unlike LNG, crude is a raw commodity and 
raw crude doesn’t have value added. 
If exporting crude is the right policy, then 
let’s do it correctly. 
Let’s maximize the benefits for the United 
States. 
Let’s make sure U.S. crude doesn’t end up 
in the hands of North Korea or any of our other foes. 
The Department of Commerce has ap-
proved every application to export oil in the last five years. 
Now, I agree that the Department could ap-
prove permits more efficiently but that’s some-thing we can legislate. 
That’s a ‘‘fix’’ I can support and believe 
would help our upstream producers. 
Unfortunately, we were unable to find that 
compromise. 
I do not want to oppose this language but 
without changes it is not in the best interest of our country. 
The time to address exports is now but we 
cannot just open the tap and hope for the best. 
I do not want the United States to become 
a resource nation. 
I look forward to working on this issue again 
and hope that a reasonable, commonsense approach can be reached. CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), which seeks to replace the broken No Child Left Behind law. While I still have concerns with some provi-sions in this legislation, I believe this bill will serve our children better than the status quo. For example, the current waiver system has allowed states to ignore schools that are fail-ing students. That is unacceptable and cannot continue. 
I am concerned by the lack of federal over-
sight in implementing and enforcing many pro-visions of this bill. For example, states are left to determine how and when to intervene in schools that are failing children. We must guarantee that there is substantial federal role in ensuring states meet their obligations. Fur-ther, we must guarantee state and district im-plementation boards are inclusive, diverse, and adequately represent students of all needs and circumstances. 
Despite shortcomings in the bill, I was 
pleased to see that states will now be required to collect and report data on incidences of bul-lying and harassment in school—an issue I have been working on for many years. It is a small, but powerful step in ensuring all chil-dren feel safe at school. 
I voted for this bill because No Child Left 
Behind is simply not working. In four years, I look forward to revisiting reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to achieve an even more effective long-term pol-icy. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 10TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE IMMIGRANT WEL-COME CENTER 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. I rise today to 
honor the Immigrant Welcome Center, whose tireless work over the past ten years has blessed countless Hoosiers in my hometown of Indianapolis. 
The Immigrant Welcome Center was found-
ed in 2005 by Mayor Bart Peterson and First Lady Amy Minick Peterson who sought to dis-cover ways the City of Indianapolis could be more welcoming to its newest residents. Serv-ing as a trusted liaison between newcomers and the community at large, the Immigrant Welcome Center provides a strong and posi-tive voice for the foreign-born newcomers who represent 120 different nationalities and speak more than 90 languages. Today the organiza-tion continues to build connections between immigrants and the city’s social, cultural and business communities, making Indianapolis a more diverse and innovative place for all resi-dents. 
The Immigrant Welcome Center is built on a 
model of empowerment that trains immigrants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03DE8.011 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1705 December 3, 2015 
and refugees as Natural Helpers in under-
standing the resources and opportunities avail-able in our community. These Natural Helpers then help their fellow foreign-born brothers and sisters navigate the maze of available services and connect them to people, places and resources necessary to build successful lives. The organization has also helped make Indianapolis a leader among welcoming cities across the United States as part of the na-tional Welcoming America Initiative’s programs and outreach. 
Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in 
recognizing the Immigrant Welcome Center for its efforts to strengthen and integrate our growing foreign-born community, helping make Indianapolis a more welcoming and vibrant international city. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, 
December 2, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative busi-ness. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 653, the previous question providing for consideration of the North Amer-ican Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 654, 
the rule providing for consideration of the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 655, 
the Democratic Motion to Instruct Conferees on the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 656, 
the Upton of Michigan Amendment No. 1 to the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 657, 
the Tonko of New York Amendment No. 2 to the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 658, 
the Gene Green of Texas Amendment No. 14 to the North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 659, 
the Beyer of Virginia Amendment No. 17 to the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 660, 
the Schakowsky of Illinois Amendment No. 19 to the North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 661, 
the Tonko of New York Amendment No. 22 to the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 662, 
the Schakowsky of Illinois Amendment No. 19 to the North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 663, 
the Castor of Florida Amendment No. 23 to the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 664, 
the Barton of Texas Amendment No. 25 to the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 665, 
agreeing to the Conference Report to reau-thorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TURKEY FOR 
HOSTING THE ANNUAL G20 LEADERS SUMMIT IN ANTALYA, NOVEMBER 15–16, 2015 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratu-
late the Republic of Turkey for hosting the successful annual G20 Leader’s Summit in Antalya, November 15–16, 2015. 
While Syria and the fight against terrorists 
was already on the agenda, the Paris terrorist attacks by ISIS ensured that these issues re-mained in the forefront. Ultimately, the G20 countries issued a strong statement con-demning the heinous terrorist attacks, uniting to combat them, remain committed to fighting the financial tools used, and supporting a comprehensive approach to one of the inter-national community’s greatest challenges in this century. 
The G20 was established on September 26, 
1999 when the Finance Ministers of the G7 countries (Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States) came together after the Asian financial crisis. The inaugural meeting was held in Ber-lin in December 1999. 
The G20 countries are Argentina, Australia, 
Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey, the United Kingdom, the United States, and the European Union. The econo-mies of the countries combined account for 85% of the global economic output, 80% of world trade, and 65% of the world’s popu-lation. 
When the group met for the first time in 
Washington, DC represented by world leaders in 2008, they discussed ways to respond col-lectively to the 2008–09 crisis to restore growth, strengthen the global financial system, and reform international financial institutions. 
Turkey officially took over the presidency of 
the G20 from Australia in December 1, 2014 and China will preside over the organization in 2016. 
The other three key objectives of the 2015 
G20 Leader’s Summit in Antalya were strengthening the global recovery, enhancing resilience, and buttressing sustainability. 
Turkey’s growing economy is significant be-
cause Turkey’s companies are expanding and trading with not only traditional markets such as neighboring countries or the European Union, but Turkish firms are also increasingly looking to invest in the United States, includ-ing Indian country. 
I am proud to have sponsored legislation 
which facilitated the investment from not only Turkey, but all WTO countries in native lands. 
As a member of Congress who has long 
championed US-Turkish relations and eco-nomic integration, I congratulate Turkey on 
hosting this important summit at a challenging time. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH 
BIRTHDAY OF CHARLES W. MARSH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Charles W. Marsh, who cele-brates his 100th birthday on December 6th in Hanson, Massachusetts. 
Mr. Marsh embodies the quintessential 
American story. Born in Massachusetts in 1915 to a mother who came to the United States from Ireland with his older sister, Olive, Mr. Marsh lived in the town of Weymouth with his family until he joined the U.S. Army. 
After serving overseas in Germany, he re-
turned to the United States and continued to support his country through the critical work of the Quincy Shipyard. Following this time, Mr. Marsh remained in Quincy and began his long and dedicated career as an auto body worker. 
A gifted marksman with rifle and bow, Mr. 
Marsh was an outdoorsman at heart. He was so renowned for his knowledge of New Eng-land’s beaches and coastline that, during the blizzard of 1978, he was called upon by the U.S. Coast Guard to assist in search and res-cue operations. 
During his time working in Quincy, Mr. 
Marsh and his wife, Miriam, built a house on Gurnet Point in Plymouth, Massachusetts. For 16 years, they were the first year-round resi-dents on this small historic peninsula, named by the Pilgrims in the 1600s for its resem-blance to headlands in the English Channel where gurnett fish were plentiful. Deciding that a change of scenery was in order, the Marshes then moved north to the picturesque shores of Lake Winnipesaukee in Alton, New Hampshire. 
Mr. Marsh will be celebrating his centennial 
birthday surrounded by four generations of loving family, which has grown to include three children, eight grandchildren, eleven great grandchildren and three great, great grand-children. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Charles 
W. Marsh on his 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, on Wednes-
day, December 2, 2015 I was inadvertently detained on roll call vote 656, the Manager’s Amendment. I was on a very important phone call with my constituents. Had I been present to vote I would have voted ‘aye.’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE8.003 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1706 December 3, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEM-
BERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBU-TIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEO-PLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-
bers of Congress we know well, perhaps bet-ter than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the na-tion in the areas of business, education, gov-ernment, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. 
We know this because we see them and 
benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher 
calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. . . . You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ 
By this measure, there are several other 
great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated. That is why today I rise to pay tribute to six extraordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas and to the American people. They are: Erin Wallace from Texas Tech Uni-versity; Tyler Ford from North Carolina State University; Brandon Jester from Georgia Southern University; Benjamin Warheit from University of California at Santa Barbara; Talha Jilani from Sidwell Friends School; and Asad Moten from Harvard University and the F. Edward He ´bert School of Medicine at the 
Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. 
Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and 
idealism these wonderful young people brought to my office and those interning in the offices of my colleagues help keep our democ-racy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowl-edge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. 
Because of persons like them the future of 
our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them all well. 
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such 
thoughtful committed young men and women can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. PROMOTING HEALTHY CHILDREN 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-
late Harmony Science Academy in Katy, Texas for winning the It’s Time Texas (ITT) Growing Healthy Schools campaign. 
The Growing Healthy Schools campaign 
helps organize and fundraise for projects to improve health and wellness in the school’s community. For their project, Harmony Science Academy chose to construct a new soccer field to encourage everybody to get outside and get moving. Of the 17 partici-pating schools, Harmony Science was se-lected to receive $10,000 to complete their project. What an incredible accomplishment for the entire school community. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Harmony Science Academy for promoting healthy living. We’re ready to get out on the field and play. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MISS ERICKA 
WHEELER ON HER SELECTION AS A RHODES SCHOLAR 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor an extraordinary young scholar, Miss Ericka Wheeler. Ericka is currently a senior at Millsap College majoring in English and History with plans to become a physician after watching her grandfather suffer from Alzheimer’s disease. 
Ericka wrote a thesis tracking how police 
brutality and race have been treated in fiction since the 1930s. She attended Greenwood High School for two years, followed by her junior and senior year at the Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus. 
Her journeys so far have taken her from 
Mississippi to Cambodia and Cuba. Her next stop will be England, as a Rhodes Scholar. She is the first African-American woman from Mississippi to claim the prestigious honor and has been chosen as one of 32 U.S. men and women who will enter Oxford University next fall for postgraduate study. Ericka, who plans to attend medical school later, said she will study medical anthropology. 
Millsap’s President Robert Pearigen said 
Wheeler’s devotion to Mississippi’s Delta re-gion is part of what makes her special. ‘‘She encountered some of the greatest poverty and starkest racial divisions found in the developed world,’’ Pearigen said in a statement. ‘‘She is bound to the place by a sense of duty but is motivated to care for it by a love for its peo-ple.’’ 
Ericka said she was inspired to become a 
physician after watching her grandfather suffer from Alzheimer’s disease. Since his death, she’s worked with other Alzheimer’s patients to record their life stories, producing docu-ments for their families. 
Wheeler credited the impetus for her appli-
cation to history Professor Robert McElvaine. As a student of McElvaine, Wheeler traveled 
to Vietnam and Cambodia after her freshman year and to Cuba after her sophomore year. ‘‘I remember him saying the chances weren’t very great at all, but it would be a good proc-ess to go through,’’ Wheeler said. ‘‘They didn’t want to get my hopes up.’’ 
I urge Miss Wheeler to continue to break 
barriers and strive for academic excellence. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Miss Ericka Wheeler for her dedication to serving others and scholastic achievement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER 
AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF ISMAEL AHMED 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Ismael Ahmed for his extraordinary career in service to our community. Ish, as he is known by friends, family and colleagues, has enriched the lives of so many in our re-
gion through his tireless, collaborative efforts for understanding and civil rights. 
Born in 1947 in New York, Ish and his fam-
ily moved to the Detroit area when he was six. After graduating from Dearborn’s Fordson High School, he set off to explore the world, working as a deck hand on freighters. Eventu-ally Ish returned to Dearborn, where he gained employment at the Ford Rouge plant and worked his way through college, first at Henry Ford Community College, then graduating from University of Michigan Dearborn. After his graduation, Ish became involved in his community, organizing workers and seeking justice in his community. 
In 1971, along with a dedicated group of 
volunteers and activists, Ish co-founded AC-CESS the Arab Community Center for Eco-nomic and Social Services in a storefront in Dearborn’s south end, to help assist the Arab immigrant population as they adapted to life in the U.S. In 1983, he was appointed as Execu-tive Director of ACCESS and worked diligently on its programming and growth. Today, AC-CESS is the largest Arab American human services nonprofit in the country, serving near-ly 900,000 people through more than 100 pro-grams aimed at supporting economic, health, social, and educational needs. For this reason among others, Ish is recognized as a national Arab American and civil rights leader com-mitted to ending hatred and bigotry and seek-ing justice for all Americans. 
In 2007, Governor Jennifer Granholm ap-
pointed Ish as the director of the Michigan De-partment of Human Services, where he suc-cessfully led the state’s second largest depart-ment for three years. As Department of Human Services’ director, he served on the Michigan State Housing Development Author-ity board and the Early Childhood Investment Corporation executive committee. In 2011, Ish returned to the University of Michigan Dear-born and has served as the Senior Advisor to the Chancellor and Associate Provost for Met-ropolitan Impact. In this role, Ish has built bridges and made major positive impacts in our region. 
Ish has also generously given his time and 
support to a wide array of Southeast Michigan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE8.008 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1707 December 3, 2015 
organizations further establishing him as a crit-
ical leader in a wide array of community, polit-ical, non-profit and cultural institutions such as: the Community Foundation for Southeast Michigan, United Way, Reading Works, the Arab American National Museum, Eastern Michigan University’s Board of Regents, Arab American Institute, Henry Ford Hospital, De-troit Symphony Orchestra, Association of Per-forming Arts Presenters, University of Michi-gan Citizens Advisory Board, Fair Food Net-work, and the New Detroit Coalition. 
Most remarkably, Ish’s family has graciously 
shared his talents and time with our commu-nity. He is a loving husband to his wife Mar-garet, father to his five children, and grand-father to two. I know in his retirement he is looking forward to spending more time with them. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in honoring Ismael Ahmed for his life-time of service and lasting impact on our re-gion and country. We thank him for his leader-ship, and wish him many years of happiness and success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
650 on final passage of S.J. Res. 24, a joint resolution providing for congressional dis-approval of the EPA’s CO
2rule for existing 
power plants, I would have voted Aye, which is consistent with my position on this legisla-tion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
658 I mistakenly pressed NAY when I in-tended to vote YEA. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on December 2, 2015, I was unable to vote on the Conference Report to accom-pany S. 1177, the Every Student Succeeds Act (Roll Call Number 655). Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
‘‘BILLIONAIRE BONANZA’’— 
WEALTH INEQUALITY IN AMERICA 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to bring my colleagues’ attention to a re-cent report from the Institute for Policy Stud-
ies, ‘‘Billionaire Bonanza: the Forbes 400 and the Rest of Us.’’ 
This report exposes just how drastic wealth 
inequality in America has become. As a whole, America is now wealthier than it has ever been before. But that wealth is con-centrated in the hands of just a few Ameri-cans. The 20 wealthiest individual Americans have more wealth than the lowest 50% com-bined—that is, 20 Americans with more wealth than 152 million Americans. 
The report ‘‘Billionaire Bonanza’’ found that 
the wealthiest 186 members of the Forbes 400 own as much wealth as the entire Latino pop-ulation in America. The wealthiest 100 house-holds in America own about as much wealth as the entire African American population in the United States. Economic inequality is also racial inequality. 
Congress needs to enact common-sense 
policies to close the loopholes that have al-lowed for this extreme wealth inequality. It is time to raise revenue so we can increase op-portunities for those at the lowest rung of the economic ladder to climb toward the top. I thank Chuck Collins and Josh Hoxie, the au-thors of this critical report, and I urge my col-leagues to consider their proposals and to take action against the unsustainable con-centration of wealth in America. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 659, I was unavoidably detained off the House Floor and was unable to cast a vote. Had I been present, I would have voted no. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call 
Vote Numbers 660, 661, 663, and 664, I was unavoidably detained and unable to cast my votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call Numbers 660, 661, and 663 and I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 664. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HAROLD GRIFFITH 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Mr. Harold Griffith on being selected for induction into the Farm Credit Colorado Agriculture Hall of Fame. This honor is re-served for those who have made a significant contribution to the agricultural industry of Colo-rado and the United States. 
Currently, Mr. Griffith resides in Fort Morgan 
where he has been a leader in the dairy in-dustry. He has been a pioneer by developing 
programs through the Dairy Catch It Program, which helps youth pursue careers in agri-culture. Mr. Griffith clearly understands the im-portance of giving back to his community. 
In addition, Mr. Griffith has extensive knowl-
edge of Colorado water rights. This ultimately led to him being asked to serve on Governor Ritter’s Water Task Force. Griffith has shown true leadership in his industry and community. 
On behalf of the 4th Congressional District 
of Colorado, I extend my best wishes as Mr. Griffith pursues his future endeavors. His pas-sion and dedication to the agricultural industry makes him more than worthy of this distinct recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to rec-ognize Mr. Harold Griffith for his accomplish-ments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. LUTHER 
CONYERS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and commend an out-standing public servant and champion of edu-cation, Mr. Luther Conyers. Mr. Conyers will be retiring this month after serving 37 years on the Bainbridge City Council in Bainbridge, Georgia. He was first elected to the Bain-bridge City Council in 1977 but his passion as an educator began long before then. 
Mr. Conyers earned a Bachelor of Science 
degree in Agriculture in 1948 from Georgia State Industrial College, now Savannah State University, where he met his wife, Gwendolyn. Their daughters, Audrey and Luthenya, and their granddaughter, Leslie also attended Sa-vannah State University so it is no wonder that the Conyers family was chosen as ‘‘SSU Fam-ily of the Year’’ in 2009. Mr. and Mrs. Con-yers, co-sponsors of the Conyers-Kirbo En-dowed Scholarship Fund for the school, were inducted into the 2015 Hall of Fame at Savan-nah State University. 
Mr. Conyers first taught in the Institutional 
On-Farm Training Program designed for World War II veterans before joining the U.S. Army. He completed basic training at Fort Jackson, South Carolina and advanced training at Fort Bliss, Texas, before deploying to Korea, where he served 16 months and 27 days. He earned three Bronze Stars as a member of the trans-portation crew and he taught education class-es while deployed. 
After returning home to Bainbridge in 1942, 
he served as a substitute teacher and enrolled at Fort Valley State College, now University. He was employed at Randolph County High School for six months, and beginning in 1954, he taught at Bainbridge Elementary School. He earned a Master’s in Education from Flor-ida A&M University in 1961. In 1965, he trans-ferred to Hutto High School in Bainbridge to teach social studies before transferring to Hutto Junior High School in 1970, where he taught eighth and ninth grade. 
Throughout his tenure of service on the 
Bainbridge City Council, Mr. Conyers has been a champion of education but most impor-tantly, he has given his all to improving the community he serves. In recognition of his ef-forts, in 2008, Mr. Conyers was inducted into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE8.011 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1708 December 3, 2015 
the Georgia Municipal Government Hall of 
Fame, which ‘‘recognizes current and former city officials who have made extraordinary contributions to their communities and actively participated in the Association.’’ In 2012, he was one of four city officials to receive the prestigious Certificate of Distinction from the Georgia Municipal Training Institute at the Georgia Municipal Association’s (GMA) Annual Mayors’ Day Conference. He has actively served on GMA committees that oversee em-ployee retirement benefits and training courses for leaders of cities across Georgia. 
Mr. Conyers is heavily involved in the com-
munity and is a member of the Rotary Club, American Legion Post No. 502, National Asso-ciation for the Advancement of Colored Peo-ple, and Bainbridge-Decatur County Chamber of Commerce. He is also the City Council’s li-aison to the city’s Planning Commission and teaches about planning and zoning issues dur-ing Bainbridge’s annual Student Government Days. 
Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You 
make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ Throughout his life, Mr. Conyers has done so much for so many for so long. He is an example of public service at its finest and his advocacy on be-half of students of all ages has been invalu-able throughout the state of Georgia. His serv-ice to his country and his community are but a small testimony to the high caliber of char-acter that he embodies. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
U.S. House of Representatives to join me and my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 people of Georgia’s Second Congressional District, in recognizing and commending Mr. Luther Conyers for his leadership in education and service to his community. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION 
HONORING BERRY GORDY 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, today I am in-
troducing a resolution honoring the achieve-ments of Berry Gordy, Jr. and his musical leg-acy, Motown Records. By establishing the Motown record label in 1959 in Detroit, MI, Mr. Gordy cultivated the careers of musical leg-ends such as Smokey Robinson, Michael Jackson, Diana Ross, Stevie Wonder, and many, many more. Not only did the music of Motown advance its way to the top of the charts and the front of the music scene with timeless hits such as ‘‘Please Mr. Postman’’ and ‘‘Ain’t No Mountain High Enough,’’ but it also communicated across race barriers and touched people regardless of the color of their skin. In a racially divided and politically charged time, Motown Records, under the leadership of Mr. Gordy, was the first to inte-grate an all-white sales department and produce music beloved by all. 
Mr. Gordy’s accomplishments are reflected 
in his numerous awards and recognitions in-cluding his induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, his autobiography ‘‘To Be Loved: The Music, the Magic, the Memories of Motown,’’ and the Broadway success of ‘‘Motown The Musical.’’ Decades after its inception, Motown is re-
membered as one of the most significant cre-ative outlets of the 20th century, and the music it fostered continues to entertain and in-spire us all. Thanks to Mr. Gordy, Motown cre-ated a uniquely American sound and defined the American experience for generations. Through this resolution, we recognize and thank Mr. Gordy for creating a timeless musi-cal sound, for being a force of positive social change, and for his countless contributions to American culture. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present in the House chamber for the fol-lowing roll call votes. Had I been present on November 16th, 17th, 19th and 30th, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll calls 627, 628, 632, 640, 642, 644 and 645 and ‘‘nay’’ on roll calls 626, 629, 630, 631, 633, 638, 639, 641 and 643. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, on Decem-
ber 2, 2015, the House took roll call vote 644. I am recorded as voting ‘‘aye’’ on this amend-ment, but I want to reflect that I intended to vote ‘‘no’’ and oppose the Barton of Texas Amendment No. 25 to H.R. 8. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF MAGGIE 
LOUISE KNIGHT KNOX 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a terrific edu-cator and beloved mother, grandmother and cousin, Mrs. Maggie Louise Knight Knox of Martin County, North Carolina. Sadly, Mrs. Knox passed away on Saturday, November 28, 2015. A Homegoing Celebration will be held on Friday, December 4, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. at the Michigan Park Christian Church in Washington, D.C. 
Born on February 3, 1928 to the late Annie 
Slade Knight and Eddie Knight, Maggie Louise Knight Knox, known as Louise or Lou to family and friends, grew up on the family farm in Martin County, North Carolina. She developed a passion for education early on and imme-diately upon graduation from Winston Salem State University, she began her teaching ca-reer within the Charles County Public School System. 
Her abiding commitment to education was 
reflected in her personal academic achieve-ments, as she pursued a higher level of edu-cation with her enrollment at the D.C. Teach-
ers’ College. She participated in the Teachers’ Program at Columbia University, culminating in her receipt of a Master’s Degree in Edu-cation at Trinity College. Ultimately, Maggie Louise accepted a tenured position as a third grade teacher at J.C. Nalle Elementary School in Southeast Washington, D.C. 
After nurturing and educating three genera-
tions of students, Maggie Louise retired with more than thirty years of service as an educa-tor. She was considered to be one of the most respected Reading Specialists in District of Columbia Public Schools. Even after her re-tirement and to this day, she is fondly remem-bered by many of her students. 
Her passion for education mirrored her ever-
lasting faith as a woman of God. Accepting Christ as her Savior at an early age, Maggie Louise began her Christian life in Martin Coun-ty, North Carolina and continued her Christian journey in Washington, D.C. where she be-came an active member in Michigan Park Christian Church in 1960. She brought her God-given teaching talents into the church, teaching Vacation Bible School and Sunday school. She was a chairperson of the Diaconate and a member the Christian Wom-en’s Fellowship. As is the church’s tradition, in her eightieth year of life, Maggie Louise Knight Knox was humbly inducted into the Diamond Club. 
To Maggie Louise, family was everything. It 
was on May 5, 1950, in Washington, D.C., that Maggie Louise married her loving hus-band, Mr. Reese Conway Knox. Devoted and committed to each other, the union of Maggie Louise and Reese produced three beautiful daughters: Regina Louise, Denise Yvette and Edna Teresa. 
On a more personal note, Maggie Louise 
and I are born of the same lineage—the Slades of North Carolina. The union of Simon and Anna Slade produced thirteen children. Of those children, Walter Columbus Slade (grandfather of Maggie Louise) and Robert Slade (my grandfather), were born. Maggie re-tained many valuable lessons from her youth, but the most important one came from her grandfather, Walter Columbus Slade: ‘‘Always stick together.’’ Maggie fervently adopted this as a guiding force throughout her life and passed that same value to her daughters and grandchildren. The concept of ‘‘staying to-gether’’ is extremely important in our family. We annually gather for reunions throughout the nation and remain close with one another throughout our lives. 
George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘How 
far you go in life depends on your being ten-der with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and toler-ant of the weak and strong because someday in your life you will have been all of these.’’ Maggie Louise was a gentle and loving woman who treated all people with respect. She loved her God. Her wisdom and kindness goes unmatched, and her gentle soul served humanity in a special way. Each day she graced the people around her with an enthusi-astic sincerity of presence. The impression she leaves on earth extends beyond herself to those whom she inspired and supported, and for it she will be remembered for time to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to join me and my wife, Vivian, in paying tribute to Mrs. Maggie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE8.019 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1709 December 3, 2015 
Louise Knight Knox for her outstanding 
achievements, service, and public distinction. We pray that her children, grandchildren and loved ones will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
MOUNT HOLYOKE COLLEGE REC-
OGNIZED FOR EXCELLENCE IN INTERNATIONAL EDUCATION WITH SENATOR PAUL SIMON AWARD 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this 
opportunity to recognize Mount Holyoke Col-lege and its accomplishments in international education. On November 17, Mount Holyoke College President Lynn Pasquerella accepted the 2015 Senator Paul Simon Award for excel-lence in international education at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. The week of November 16 marked the 16th anniversary of Inter-national Education Week. 
Mount Holyoke College, located in South 
Hadley, Massachusetts, was among five insti-tutions selected to receive this prestigious honor from NAFSA: Association of Inter-national Educators. The designation is given to institutions that demonstrate significant progress in expanding the reach and fostering collaboration among students, faculty, and staff in the interest of internationalization. 
Twenty-five percent of Mount Holyoke stu-
dents are international citizens and the college boasts a rich tradition of leadership in inter-national education. Mount Holyoke was among the first institutions to send women abroad for scholarly study. Additionally, the McCulloch Center for Global Initiatives was established in 2004 to serve as a catalyst for comprehensive international education. 
According to Eva Paus, Carol Hoffmann 
Collins Director of the McCulloch Center for Global Initiatives and professor of economics, international education became a strategic pri-ority at Mount Holyoke in 2003, following on a legacy of international engagement reaching back to the early days of the college’s found-ing. The McCulloch Center, which Professor Paus helped found, brought greater cohesion and visibility to international education; and its many initiatives across Mount Holyoke have increased students’ understanding of the glob-al world and their engagement with other cul-tures. 
In classes and through off-campus experi-
ences, students and faculty analyze questions from cross-disciplinary or cross-cultural per-spectives, making connections between the local and the global, and harnessing class-room learning to solve concrete problems. The many forms of integrative and cross-cultural teaching and learning at Mount Holyoke and abroad support the college’s goal of educating women to be the global leaders of tomorrow. 
Today, Mount Holyoke is committed to giv-
ing all students access to the life-changing ex-periences that learning abroad often provides. Over the past few years, it has funded nearly all students who apply for a Laurel Fellowship in support of study abroad. Additionally, a 2013 pledge to fund one summer internship or research experience for every student now 
makes it possible for all interested students to have an internship abroad. 
Mount Holyoke was joined in receiving the 
2015 Simon Award for Comprehensive Inter-nationalization by North Central College of Naperville, Illinois, the University of Delaware, the University of San Diego, and the Univer-sity of Virginia. President Pasquerella partici-pated in a panel discussion on internation-alization in higher education with presidents of the other award-winning institutions to promote this vital pursuit. The award is named for noted Illinois Senator Paul Simon. 
Mr. Speaker, through courses, conferences, 
research, international internships, study abroad, collaborations with external partners, and the unique learning opportunities offered by international student and faculty diversity, Mount Holyoke College students acquire the skills they will need for citizenship and careers in today’s global world. At a time when the ability to work across national borders is cru-cial to addressing global problems, I wish Mount Holyoke College and the McCulloch Center for Global Initiatives continued success in their future endeavors. 
f 
WELCOME LUCY GRACE 
STIPICEVIC 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I am happy to congratulate Deputy Chief of Staff for Floor and Member Services John Stipicevic and his wife, Kristin Stipicevic, Ex-ecutive Assistant in the Office of the Majority Leader, on the birth of their new baby girl. Lucy Grace Stipicevic was born at 11:15 a.m. on Saturday, November 28, 2015. Born at Sib-ley Memorial Hospital in Washington, D.C., Lucy weighed seven pounds and two ounces and measured 19 and 
3⁄4inches long. She is 
the first child for the happy couple and I have no doubt her talented parents will be dedi-cated to her well-being and bright future. 
I would also like to congratulate Lucy’s 
grandparents, James and Katherine Stipicevic of Yonkers, New York, and Tim and Jan Thomson of Buttonwillow, California. Con-gratulations to the entire Stipicevic and Thom-son families as they welcome their newest ad-dition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. KELCEY 
SWYERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Dr. Kelcey Swyers on being selected as the 2016 Rising Star in Colorado Agri-culture. This honor is reserved for those who have made a significant contribution to the ag-ricultural industry of Colorado and the United States. 
Dr. Swyers has an extensive background in 
Colorado agriculture. She received a Bachelor of Science in Animal Science and Agricultural Business from Colorado State University, 
where she also worked two internships that taught her about the feed and nutrition indus-try. She later went on to receive a Master of Science in Equine/Monogastric nutrition at the University of Maryland. She then returned to Colorado where she received her Doctorate in Ruminant Nutrition. 
In addition, Dr. Swyers started Grassland 
Nutrition Consulting where she offers nutri-tional work for cow-calf, feed yard, and equine among other services. Dr. Swyers has shown true leadership in her industry and community. 
On behalf of the 4th Congressional District 
of Colorado, I extend my best wishes as Dr. Swyers pursues her future endeavors. Her passion and dedication to the agricultural in-dustry makes her more than worthy of this dis-tinct recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Dr. Kelcey Swyers for her accom-plishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ROBERTA SANDLER 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Roberta Sandler a New Jersey native who is celebrating her 100th birthday on De-cember 7, 2015. 
Roberta was born on December 7, 1915, 
and was one of nine children. She was born and raised in Camden, New Jersey and moved to Brooklyn to raise her three children, Marvin, Paul and Lynn, along with her hus-band Max. After her husband’s death Roberta went to work to support her family. After her time in New York, she moved back to the state she loved and has been a resident of Cherry Hill for the last 35 years. 
Age does not seem to affect Ms. Sandler, 
she still exercises every day; does all her own cooking and cleaning; and as a loving matri-arch, insists on cooking at all family gath-erings. She stays very active in the lives of her family including her 4 granddaughters Meridith, Jodi, Julie, and Jillian and her two great granddaughters Isabel and Andrea. She loves to sing, dance, and continues to keep up with current events. 
Mr. Speaker, on this momentous occasion, 
please join me in wishing Roberta Sandler a happy and joyous 100th birthday. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ON H.R. 8, 
THE NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-TURE ACT 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify 
my position on a vote cast on December 3, 2015. The vote was on passage of H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act. 
H.R. 8 contains a number of provisions that 
would negatively impact the environment and undermine our nation’s ability to move away from fossil fuels and proactively combat cli-mate change. It would undermine previously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE8.023 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1710 December 3, 2015 
enacted initiatives to modernize our energy in-
frastructure and increase our energy efficiency capacity. 
Furthermore, H.R. 8 includes unnecessary 
provisions that would expand FERC’s authority to approve natural gas pipeline applications within 90 days—effectively stifling public com-ment opportunities, regardless of the com-plexity of the pipeline project. 
This legislation would provide unnecessary 
handouts to the fossil fuel industry at a time when we should be focusing on expanding our nation’s clean, renewable energy portfolio. 
On Roll Call Vote Number 672, I voted 
‘aye.’ It was my intention to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
651 on final passage of S.J. Res. 23, a joint resolution providing for congressional dis-approval of the EPA’s CO
2rule for new power 
plants, I would have voted aye, which is con-sistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SERGEANT 
MICHAEL FOX 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
along with Representative K ENNEDY to recog-
nize the distinguished career of Police Ser-geant Michael Fox on the occasion of his re-tirement. Sergeant Fox has served in law en-forcement for 42 years—35 years of which were spent with the Easton Police Department in Massachusetts. 
It was while attending Massasoit Community 
College and interning at the Brockton Police department that Sergeant Fox first began working at the Massachusetts Correctional In-stitution—Cedar Junction in Walpole, Massa-chusetts as the youngest corrections officer in the prison. During his seven years of service there, he interacted with and bore witness to life within prison walls. These experiences im-parted on him a desire to serve on the front lines of community protection, and directly as-sist and mentor the men and women he had met serving in correctional institutions. 
In 1974, Sergeant Fox and his wife, Liz, re-
turned to Easton—a picturesque farm town. He became a special police officer in 1978 and, within two years, a full time patrolman. Among his many proud achievements, Ser-geant Fox speaks most passionately about his role as one of the first officers in Massachu-setts to be part of the Drug Abuse Resistance Education (D.A.R.E.) program. For decades, he has educated students and the youth in his community about the reality and dangers of drug abuse, encouraging them to make re-sponsible and informed decisions. As testa-ment to this dedication, Sergeant Fox became part of the team that trained new D.A.R.E offi-cers across more than 10 states, and served as the president of Massachusetts’ D.A.R.E. Officers Association. Over the years, Sergeant Fox’s hard work, 
commitment, and positive demeanor earned him the title of Detective. Through it all, de-spite the tenuous and at times saddening cases that crossed his desk, Sergeant Fox re-mained a dedicated officer who is revered and respected by all in the Easton Police Depart-ment and the Town. 
Mr. Speaker, it brings us great pride to rec-
ognize the retirement of Sergeant Michael Fox. While we are sure that his colleagues at the Easton Police Department will miss him dearly, we wish him nothing but the very best in his future plans. We ask that our colleagues join us in thanking Sergeant Fox for over four decades of service and the tremendous ways in which he has benefited and served our community. 
f 
HONORING MR. ROBERT YOUNG 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Robert Joseph Young of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District, and to express my deepest appreciation to him and his family. 
Mr. Young served our country in the United 
States Navy. He defended our freedom in Oki-nawa and the Philippines during World War II. His service to our nation secures his spot as a member of our country’s Greatest Genera-tion. 
Mr. Young was awarded the Asiatic-Pacific 
Campaign Medal with two Bronze Service Stars, a WWII Victory Medal, the Philippine Liberation Ribbon with one Bronze Star, the Honorable Service Lapel Button WWII, and a Certificate of Recognition for serving the United States during the Cold War. 
Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s 
Third Congressional District are tremendously grateful for Mr. Robert Joseph Young’s service to our nation. It is my honor to recognize his achievements before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ONE OF 
MINNESOTA’S FINEST FAMILIES 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor all Minnesotans, and all Americans, who served in World War II, and I would like to recognize the service of one Minnesota family in particular. 
In 1885, Carl Nolte moved to Martin County, 
Minnesota with his wife Louise. They had twelve children and numerous grandchildren. 
Many years after the Nolte family first came 
to Minnesota; an impressive thirty-six mem-bers of the family joined the armed forces and served in World War II. 
Fortunately, all thirty-six family members 
survived the war. However, both Earle Nolte, son of Fred Nolte, and Reinhardt Wessel, son of Amanda Nolte Wessel, were wounded dur-ing their service. It is often said that those who served in 
World War II belong to the ‘‘Greatest Genera-tion.’’ I believe that the heroism and the dedi-cation that this family demonstrated prove this to be true. 
I would like to thank this family for their 
service to our nation and I would also like to wish one of them a very happy birthday. This week, Loren Wessel of Truman, Minnesota, turned ninety-six years old. Happy Birthday Loren. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF THE LATE NAUSEAD LYVELLE STEWART, ESQ 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of an extraordinary public servant, the late Nausead Lyvelle Stewart. 
Nausead was born August 15, 1931 in 
Starkville, Mississippi to Tommy James Stew-art and Rosa Rogers Stewart. Upon gradua-tion from Oktibbeha County Training High School, she chose to attend Tougaloo College where she graduated with honors in History and Home Economics. Afterwards, she taught high school history for thirteen years in West Point, Mississippi, while acquiring her M.A. de-gree from Atlanta University. 
Nausead entered the University of Mis-
sissippi School Of Law in 1967 and graduated with honors in May, 1970, where she was the first African American law student to serve on the law journal. In law school, she roomed with Constance Slaughter Harvey, who fin-ished the law school a semester earlier, as the first African American female graduate. Nausead contributed immensely to the legal profession and the pursuit of equal justice for all. 
Upon graduation, she, along with her class-
mate Geraldine Harrington Carnes, was hired by the Lawyers Constitutional Defense Com-mittee (LCDC) to assist the then director, Ar-mand Derfner and Jim Lewis with civil rights litigation. 
A year later, when LCDC closed its Mis-
sissippi Office, Nausead was hired to work across the street at Anderson, Banks, Nichols and Leventhal to assist with the NAACP Legal Defense Fund (LDF) civil rights litigation. That work consisted primarily of dealing with the post desegregation discriminatory practices in teacher and administrator hiring and retention. 
Nausead played a primary role in litigating several cases to assure the enforcement of the Uniform Singleton Decree. That Decree provided for the utilization of objective non-ra-cial standards in determining which education professionals would be retained should deseg-regation result in a loss of positions due to du-plication. It also provided a first right of refusal for subsequent new openings to any profes-sionals who were not rehired because of such duplication. Additionally, Nausead worked on other successful employment class actions against large employers in our state. A case law query will reveal some of the great work that she did during this era and continuing in to the 1980s. 
In 1975, Nausead became a partner and the 
firm name was changed to Anderson, Banks, Nichols and Stewart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE8.028 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1711 December 3, 2015 
Three years later, Nausead left the firm to 
assume the position as head of the Jackson Office for the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, thus completing the circle of having been a lawyer for the three foremost civil rights legal offices in the 1960s and 70s, the Lawyers Committee, NAACP LDF, and LCDC. 
In the 1980s, the Lawyers Committee 
closed its Jackson Office, whereupon, Nausead joined the Walker and Walker firm in Jackson, headed by John L. Walker and Wil-liam Walker, Jr. While working there, Nausead handled the firm’s appellate work and motion practice and was a mentor for James E. Graves, Jr. and Regina Quinn who also worked there during her tenure. In 1982, Nausead offered her services to the citizens of Hinds County for the County Court Judge po-sition thus becoming the first African American female judicial candidate. 
After practicing law with the Walker and 
Walker firm for several years, Nausead as-sumed a position with Minact Inc. where she engaged in grant writing and compliance until her retirement. 
On July 18, 2000 and during her retirement, 
Nausead served as a Jackson Civil Service Commissioner after having been appointed by Jackson Mayor Harvey Johnson and served until May 2, 2006. 
Nausead took great pride in community 
services on numerous boards of community organizations and received awards for her work with those organizations. She was a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. which she joined while at Tougaloo College. 
Nausead was preceded in death by her 
aforementioned parents. She is survived by her sister, Doris Anderson; brother, and Thom-as J. Stewart, Jr. 
Mr. Speaker, on November 10, 2015, we 
lost a treasure in Nausead. I ask that my col-
leagues join me in recognizing a diligent advo-cate, a conscientious worker, and a selfless 
servant leader whose life was dedicated to the cause of humanity, Nausead Lyvelle Stewart. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PARKLAND HEALTH 
AND HOSPITAL SYSTEM 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Park-land Health and Hospital System for being named a Top Hospital by the Leapfrog Group in 2015. Based on the Leapfrog Group’s an-nual hospital survey measuring three signifi-cant areas of hospital care, Parkland earned honors for the first time as one of 62 top urban hospitals across the country. 
Parkland Health and Hospital System 
opened in 1894 and is now one of the largest public hospital systems in the country. Aver-aging at one million patient visits annually, Parkland recently expanded to a brand new, state-of-the-art 2.8 million-square-foot campus with 862 single-patient rooms Constantly growing, Parkland includes a Level I Trauma Center, the second largest civilian burn center in the U.S., a Level III Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, 20 community-based clinics, 12 school- based clinics, and numerous outreach and education programs Parkland is also the pri-mary teaching hospital for the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center. 
The Leapfrog Group is a national nonprofit 
group that advocates transparency in quality and safety of care in U.S. hospitals. The Leap-frog Hospital Survey collects and reports hos-pital performance so that patients can make informed decisions regarding where they re-ceive care. The survey measures three areas of hospital care: how patients fare, resource 
use, and management structures established to prevent errors. Earning this honor means that Parkland has lower infection rates, better health outcomes, decreased length of stay, and fewer hospital readmissions. 
Given Parkland’s track record, especially 
their recent transfer of 626 patients from their old facility to the new Parkland Memorial Hos-pital without incident or interruption in patient care, I believe Parkland deserves to be named a top hospital. The move was conducted on foot via the Mike Myers Sky Bridge that con-nects the facilities and was planned with preci-sion for months prior. This is just one prime example of Parkland’s many contributions to Dallas County. 
Congratulations to Parkland on this well-de-
served recognition. I am proud to have Park-land in my district and I congratulate the board, clinicians, and staff on this hard-earned honor. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on December 
2, 2015, during rollcall vote No. 665 on the passage of S. 1177, the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, I was recorded as not voting. Al-though I was present on the floor at the time, my vote was misreported, and I fully intended to vote ‘no’ on rollcall vote No. 665. Therefore, I would like to state that I did not support the passage of S. 1177, the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03DE8.033 E03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1272 Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-
onciliation Act, as amended. 
Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany H.R. 22, Devel-
oping a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8323–S8426 
Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and four reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2347–2359, S.J. Res. 26, and S. Res. 326–328.
          Pages S8378–79 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1704, to amend the Indian Tribal Justice Act 
to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–172) 
H.R. 2820, to reauthorize the Stem Cell Thera-
peutic and Research Act of 2005, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 2136, to establish the Regional SBIR State Col-
laborative Initiative Pilot Program, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute.
                  Page S8378 
Measures Passed: 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-
onciliation Act: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 
329), Senate passed H.R. 3762, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, after taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S8326–57 
Adopted: 
By 90 yeas to 10 nays (Vote No. 316), Heller 
Amendment No. 2882 (to Amendment No. 2874), to strike the reinstatement of the tax on employee health insurance premiums and health plan benefits. 
                                                                                    Pages S8344–45 
By 60 yeas to 39 nays (Vote No. 324), Coats 
Amendment No. 2888 (to Amendment No. 2874), to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-tend the special rule for seniors relating to the in-come level for deduction of medical care expenses. 
                                                                                    Pages S8352–53 Reid Amendment No. 2917 (to Amendment No. 
2916), to strike the reinstatement of the tax on em-ployee health insurance premiums and health plan benefits.
                                                                          Page S8354 
Enzi (for McConnell) Amendment No. 2916 (to 
Amendment No. 2874), in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                        Pages S8353–54, S8356 
McConnell Amendment No. 2874, in the nature 
of a substitute.                                                             Page S8326 
Rejected: 
Murray/Wyden Amendment No. 2876 (to 
Amendment No. 2874), to ensure that this Act does not increase the number of uninsured women or in-crease the number of unintended pregnancies by es-tablishing a women’s health care and clinic security and safety fund. (By 54 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 311), Senate tabled the amendment.) 
                                                                      Pages S8326, S8341–42 
By 56 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 312), Johnson 
Amendment No. 2875 (to Amendment No. 2874), to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to ensure that individuals can keep their health insurance coverage. (A unanimous-consent agreement 
was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                                     Pages S8326, S8342 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 314), Collins 
Amendment No. 2885 (to Amendment No. 2874), relating to the repeal of the prevention and public health fund.
                                                                  Page S8343 
By 10 yeas to 89 nays (Votes No. 323), Paul 
Amendment No. 2899 (to Amendment No. 2874), to prevent the entry of extremists into the United States under the refugee program. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would violate section 313(b)(1)(c) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was withdrawn. (A unanimous-consent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03DE5.REC D03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1273 December 3, 2015 
agreement was reached providing that the amend-
ment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                    Page S8350 
Cardin Amendment No. 2913 (to Amendment 
No. 2874), to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the special rule for seniors relating to the income level for deduction of medical care ex-penses and to require high-income taxpayers to pay a fair share of taxes.
                                          Pages S8351–52 
By 54 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 325), Paul 
Amendment No. 2915 (to Amendment No. 2874), to restore Second Amendment rights in the District of Columbia. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                                                            Page S8353 
Withdrawn: McCain/Klobuchar Amendment No. 2884 (to 
Amendment No. 2874), to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from ap-proved pharmacies in Canada.
                     Pages S8350–51 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 45 yeas to 55 nays (Vote No. 313), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Brown Amendment No. 2883 (to Amendment No. 2874), to maintain the 100 percent FMAP for the Medicaid expansion population. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would cause the underlying legislation to exceed the authorizing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget author-ity or outlays was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                                                                 Pages S8342–43 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 315), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Casey/Baldwin Amendment No. 2893 (to Amend-ment No. 2874), to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a credit for married cou-ples who are both employed and have young chil-dren. Subsequently, a point of order that the amend-ment would cause the underlying legislation to ex-ceed the authorizing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                              Pages S8343–44 
By 47 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 317), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Shaheen Amendment No. 2892 (to Amendment No. 
2874), to improve mental health and substance use prevention and treatment. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would cause the under-lying legislation to exceed the authorizing commit-tee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays was sustained, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                                            Page S8345 
By 55 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 318), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to consideration of Cornyn Amendment No. 2912 (to Amendment No. 2874), relating to the Protect America Act. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would violate section 313(b)(1)(c) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                                    Pages S8345–46 
By 45 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 319), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Feinstein Amendment No. 2910 (to Amendment No. 2874), to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dangerous terrorists. Subse-quently, a point of order that the amendment would violate section 313(b)(1)(c) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amend-ment thus fell.
                                                     Pages S8346–47 
By 53 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 320), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to consideration of Grassley Amendment No. 2914 (to Amendment No. 2874), to address gun violence, improve the availability of records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, address mental illness in the criminal justice system, and end straw purchases and traf-ficking of illegal firearms. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would violate section 313(b)(1)(c) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                                    Pages S8347–48 
By 48 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 321), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to consideration of Manchin/ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03DE5.REC D03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1274 December 3, 2015 
Toomey Amendment No. 2908 (to Amendment No. 
2874), to protect Second Amendment rights, ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and provide a responsible and consistent background check process. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would violate section 313(b)(1)(c) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                                               Page S8348 
By 47 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 322), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to consideration of Bennet/Sanders Amendment No. 2907 (to Amendment No. 2874), to provide additional amounts to the Department of Veterans Affairs to increase the access of veterans to care and improve the physical infrastructure of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to impose a fair share tax on high-income taxpayers. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would cause the underlying legislation to exceed the authorizing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget author-ity or outlays was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                                                                 Pages S8348–50 
By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 326), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to consideration of Enzi (for McConnell) Amendment No. 2916 (to Amendment No. 2874), in the nature of a substitute. Subse-quently, a point of order that section 105(b) of the amendment would violate section 313(b)(1)(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and section 105(b) was stricken. 
                                                                      Pages S8353–54, S8356 
By 45 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 327), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to consideration of Baldwin Amendment No. 2919 (to Amendment No. 2916), to ensure that individuals can keep their health in-surance coverage. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would cause the underlying legisla-tion to exceed the authorizing committee’s 302(a) al-location of new budget authority or outlays was sus-tained, and the amendment thus fell.
     Pages S8354–55 
By 46 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 328), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to consideration of Murphy/Stabe-now Amendment No. 2918 (to Amendment No. 2916), to protect victims of violence or disease, vet-erans, workers who have lost their health insurance and their jobs, and other vulnerable populations from the repeal of the advance premium tax credit. Subsequently, a point of order that the amendment would cause the underlying legislation to exceed the authorizing committee’s 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                                       Pages S8355–56 
National Bison Legacy Act: Committee on the 
Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 2032, to adopt the bison as the national mam-mal of the United States, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S8426 
Conference Reports: 
Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for 
the Economy Act: By 83 yeas to 16 nays (Vote No. 
331), Senate agreed to the conference report to ac-company H.R. 22, to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit pro-grams.
                                                                      Pages S8357–66 
By 77 yeas to 22 nays (Vote No. 330) three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive Rule XXVIII relative to section 32205 with respect to the conference report. Subsequently, the point of order under Rule XXVIII that section 32205, exceeds the scope of conference report to ac-company the bill, was not sustained.
              Page S8364 
Every Child Achieves Act—Cloture: Senate began 
consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves.
                                                     Pages S8425–26 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the conference report to accompany the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Tuesday, December 8, 2015.
   Pages S8425–26 
McDonough Nomination—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, December 7, 2015, Sen-ate begin consideration of the nomination of Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee; that there then be 30 minutes of debate on the nomina-tion, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03DE5.REC D03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1275 December 3, 2015 
without intervening action or debate; and that no 
further motions be in order to the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S8426 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8376 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S8376, S8426 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                            Pages S8376–77 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S8377–78 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S8378 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8379–80 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8380–82 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8374–76 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S8382–S8425 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8425 
Record Votes: Twenty-one record votes were taken 
today. (Total—331)          Pages S8341–50, S8352–57, S8364 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 9:53 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, December 7, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8426.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
SUPPORTING THE WARFIGHTER 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine supporting the warfighter of today and tomorrow, after receiving testimony from Michael B. Donley, former Secretary of the Air Force, Lieutenant General Michael T. Flynn, USA (Ret.), former Director, Defense Intelligence Agency, and General James L. Jones, USMC (Ret.), former National Security Advisor to the President, Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, and Commander, United States European Command, and 32nd Com-
mandant of the Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. 
ALASKA NATIONAL INTEREST LANDS 
CONSERVATION ACT 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded an oversight hearing to examine imple-mentation of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act of 1980, including perspectives on the Act’s impacts in Alaska and suggestions for im-provements to the Act, after receiving testimony from Alaska Governor Bill Walker, Juneau; Alaska State Senator John Coghill, Fairbanks, on behalf of the Citizens’ Advisory Commission on Federal Areas in Alaska; Anna M. Seidman, Safari Club Inter-national, Washington, D.C.; and Rod Arno, Alaska Outdoor Council, Valerie Brown, Trustees for Alas-ka, Joshua M. Kindred, Alaska Oil and Gas Associa-tion, and J.P. Tangen, all of Anchorage, Alaska. 
U.S. ROLE IN THE MIDDLE EAST 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on the United States role in the Mid-dle East from Madeleine K. Albright, former Sec-retary of State, and Stephen J. Hadley, former Na-tional Security Advisor, both of Washington, D.C. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
nominations of Robert A. Salerno, and Darlene Michele Soltys, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years, and Carol Waller Pope, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2019 (Reappointment), after the nominees, who were introduced by Representative Norton, testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4165–4183; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 548–553 were introduced.
                 Pages H9010–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9012–13 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 195, to terminate the Election Assistance 
Commission (H. Rept. 114–361); 
H.R. 412, to reduce Federal spending and the def-
icit by terminating taxpayer financing of presidential election campaigns (H. Rept. 114–362, Part 1); 
H.R. 3869, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to require State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03DE5.REC D03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1276 December 3, 2015 
communications integration center, and for other 
purposes (H. Rept. 114–363); 
H.R. 3106, to authorize Department major med-
ical facility construction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make cer-tain improvements in the administration of Depart-ment medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–364); 
H.R. 2915, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to 
identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–365); 
H.R. 1107, to require the Secretary of the Interior 
to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–366); 
S. 1580, to allow additional appointing authorities 
to select individuals from competitive service certifi-cates (H. Rept. 114–367); and 
S. 1629, to revise certain authorities of the Dis-
trict of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the District of Colum-bia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–368).
                                                                      Page H9010 
North American Energy Security and Infrastruc-ture Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 8, to 
modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster Amer-ica’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote en-ergy efficiency and government accountability, by a recorded vote of 249 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 672.
                                                                          Pages H8983–88 
Rejected the Cartwright motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 671. 
                                                                                    Pages H8986–87 
Agreed to: 
Cramer amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that was debated on December 2nd that authorizes voluntary vegetation management within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the right-of-way near structures; prevents sale of vegetation and limits legal liability (by a recorded vote of 252 ayes to 170 noes, Roll No. 668); and
                               Pages H8983–84 
Rouzer amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that was debated on December 2nd that repeals the March 2015 EPA final rule establishing federal standards for residential wood heaters (by a recorded vote of 247 ayes to 177 noes, Roll No. 
669).
                                                                         Pages H8984–85 
Rejected: 
Pallone amendment (No. 37 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that was debated on December 2nd that sought to prohibit the Act from taking effect until after the Energy Information Administration ana-lyzed and published a report on the carbon impacts of the Act’s provisions (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 670).
                      Page H8985 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H8988 
H. Res. 542, the rule providing for further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. 8) and the conference re-port to accompany the bill (S. 1177) was agreed to yesterday, December 2nd. 
Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Re-
form Act of 2015: The House agreed to the con-
ference report to accompany H.R. 22, to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety pro-grams, and transit programs, by a yea-and-nay vote of 359 yeas to 65 nays, Roll No. 673. 
                                                         Pages H8975–83, H8988–H9000 
H. Res. 546, the rule providing for consideration 
of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 22) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 384 ayes to 40 noes, Roll No. 667, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 666.
                                Pages H8982–93 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, December 7th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H9009 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8982–83, H8983, H8984, H8984–85, H8985, H8986–87, H8987–88 and H8999–H9000. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 3:22 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EFFECTS OF REDUCED INFRASTRUCTURE 
AND BASE OPERATING SUPPORT INVESTMENTS ON READINESS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Effects of Reduced In-frastructure and Base Operating Support Investments on Readiness’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General David D. Halverson, USA, Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management, U.S. Army; Major General Robert P. White, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–3/5/7, U.S. Army Forces Command; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03DE5.REC D03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1277 December 3, 2015 
Colonel Andrew Cole, Jr., USA, Garrison Com-
mander, Fort Riley, Kansas; Major General Charles L. Hudson, USMC, Commander, Marine Corps In-stallations Command and Assistant Deputy Com-mandant, Installations and Logistics, U.S. Marine Corps; Major General Brian D. Beaudreault, USMC, Commanding General, 2nd Marine Division, U.S. Marine Corps; and Colonel Chris Pappas III, USMC, Commander, Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, U.S. Marine Corps. 
STAKEHOLDER VIEWS ON MILITARY 
HEALTH CARE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder Views on Military Health Care’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE NUCLEAR WASTE FUND: 
BUDGETARY, FUNDING, AND SCORING ISSUES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Nuclear Waste Fund: Budgetary, Funding, and Scoring Issues’’. Testimony was heard from David Bearden, Specialist in Environmental Policy, Congressional Research Service; Kim P. Cawley, Chief of Natural and Physical Resources Cost Esti-mates Unit, Congressional Budget Office; and a pub-lic witness. 
BROADCASTING OWNERSHIP IN THE 21ST 
CENTURY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology reconvened a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Broadcasting Ownership in the 21st Century’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
DRIVING AWAY WITH TAXPAYER 
DOLLARS: DHS’S FAILURE TO EFFECTIVELY MANAGE THE FPS VEHICLE FLEET 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Driving Away with Taxpayer Dollars: DHS’s Failure to Effectively Manage the FPS Vehicle Fleet’’. Testimony was heard from the following De-partment of Homeland Security officials: John Roth, Inspector General, Office of Inspector General; L. Eric Patterson, Director, Federal Protective Service; 
and Thomas Chaleki, Deputy Chief Readiness Sup-port Officer, Management Directorate. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and Border Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Executive Office for Immigration Review’’. Testimony was heard from Juan P. Osuna, Director, Executive Office for Immigration Review, Department of Justice. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Energy held a hearing on H.R. 4084, the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act’’. Testimony was heard from John Kotek, Acting As-sistant Secretary, Office of Nuclear Energy, Depart-ment of Energy; and public witnesses. 
EMPLOYERS OF CHOICE: HOW THE TAX 
EXTENDER DEBATE WILL AFFECT SMALL BUSINESS 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Growth, Tax and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Employers of Choice: How the Tax Ex-tender Debate Will Affect Small Business’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
ECONOMIC OUTLOOK 
Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the economic outlook, after re-ceiving testimony from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
DECEMBER 4, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03DE5.REC D03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1278 December 3, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, December 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Travis Ran-dall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, and vote on confirma-tion of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, December 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bera, Ami, Calif., E1702 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1707, E1708 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1707, E1709 Carson, Andre ´, Ind., E1704 
Cole, Tom, Okla., E1705, E1707 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E1701 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1708 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1706 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1702 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E1710 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1702 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E1711 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E1701 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1703 
Green, Gene, Tex., E1704 Hinojosa, Rube ´n, Tex., E1708 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1704 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1706 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1711 Keating, William R., Mass., E1705, E1710 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1709 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1703 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1710 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1707 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E1708 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1703 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1709 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E1709 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1706 
Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1701 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E1707 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E1704 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1707 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1701 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1705 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1705 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1706, E1710 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E1703 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1707 Williams, Roger, Tex., E1707, E1710 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1709 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Dec 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03DE5.REC D03DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST