Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7393 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 2015 No. 163 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
November 3, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable T RENT  
KELLY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
Doughnuts to Go is a small, family- owned shop in California managed by Lee Ky. Like any small business, its success depends on the hard work and grit of the folks who own it. 
Lee’s success was threatened in 2012 
when Doughnuts to Go was sued by ADA trolls for alleged violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act. The lawsuit alleged minute violations, in-cluding—get this—a mislabeled table, 
door handles that were off by a few centimeters, and the trash can in the bathroom was in the wrong place. 
Lee was surprised by this lawsuit, es-
pecially because she is disabled herself. Lee is confined to a wheelchair and runs her store that she believes is ADA compliant. Lee was targeted by a serial plaintiff who never set foot in the store and who also sued nearly 80 other busi-nesses in the area. 
Unfortunately, Lee’s not alone. Mr. 
Speaker, there is a whole industry made up of people who prey on and strong-arm small businesses in order to make money off of ADA lawsuits. To these trolls, it is about making money, not helping the disabled get access to businesses. 
In 1990, the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act was signed into law. Now, after 25 years of progress and advance-ment, the integrity of this landmark legislation is being threatened by a handful of lawyers and plaintiffs. 
The vast majority of businesses 
strive to serve their customers to the best of their ability, relying on the ADA as another tool to help ensure that customers with disabilities can enjoy the services they provide. Most of these businessowners believe they are compliant with the ADA. Their businesses have even passed local and State inspections. However, despite their best attempts, certain attorneys and their pool of serial plaintiffs look for minor, easily correctible ADA in-fractions so they can file a lawsuit and make some cash off, I believe, the dis-abled. 
Faced with the threat of a lawsuit for 
minor infractions, small-business own-ers find themselves in a dilemma. They have few choices: settle out of court or spend time and money to go through the legal process. This becomes a lose- lose situation. 
At face value, these drive-by lawsuits 
are an easy way for both greedy plain-tiffs and attorneys to make a quick 
buck. In many cases, a single plaintiff signs onto multiple cases, alleging vio-lations at businesses and properties where the plaintiff has never set foot. In California, for example, one serial plaintiff filed over 250 separate law-suits. Another individual filed more than 800, and a third nearly 1,000. Some of these lawsuits are filed by plaintiffs that never have been in the business or even live in the State. The abuse is ob-vious. 
Unfortunately, these lawsuits are on 
the rise nationwide. In 2014 alone, there was a 63 percent increase in ADA law-suits for businesses open to the public, with more than 4,000 individual cases making their way to Federal courts. 
What’s more is that local and State 
courts across the country are finding themselves inundated by these drive-by lawsuits, and some have created special rules to deal with the sheer volume of these cases. Because of this, State leg-islatures have begun to take action. 
The Texas State Legislature has al-
ready filed steps to curtail these prac-
tices. The ADA, however, is Federal law, and as such, Congress must rem-edy this harmful practice of drive-by lawsuits targeting small businesses. 
This is why I am introducing the 
ADA Education and Reform Act of 2015, H.R. 3765. This legislation will provide businessowners with an opportunity to remedy the alleged ADA infractions be-fore being saddled with legal fees. Businessowners will have a 120-day window when given notice by the plain-tiff to make any necessary public ac-commodation corrections and update their business. If the businessowner fails to correct the infractions, the plaintiff retains all of their rights to pursue legal action under ADA. This legislation restores the purpose of the ADA, which is to provide access and ac-commodation to disabled Americans, not to fatten the wallets of ADA trolls. 
So I recommend to the House of Rep-
resentatives that they sign onto this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.000 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7394 November 3, 2015 
legislation, because the goal of this 
legislation is to make all businesses comply with the ADA, Mr. Speaker, not to be a cash cow for litigants that have never set foot in a Doughnuts to Go. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION BILL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
started last week in Dallas, Texas, working with people across the coun-try, but especially from Texas, dealing with transportation needs and their re-quirements for balanced transportation by pedestrians, streetcar, and espe-cially light rail. Dallas has the most extensive light-rail system in the coun-try. I ended my week in New York City, in Brooklyn, where this vast sprawling economic engine, home to 20 million people in the metropolitan area, was dealing with their transpor-tation needs. 
Virtually all of these people, whether 
from Brooklyn, Texas, or around the country, are in agreement with what they need going forward, an important part of which is a renewal and strengthening of the Federal transpor-tation partnership. 
I was pleased to see that we are mov-
ing ahead with discussion of the basic framework produced by our friends on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I commend Mr. S
HUSTER  
and Mr. D EFAZIO for producing a bill 
that is quite strong under these dif-ficult circumstances. It does preserve the basic framework and continue to make improvements not just around the edges. There are potential break-through provisions in technology in transportation that could truly be transformational. 
It is disappointing, however, that the 
bill flatlines important bike and pedes-trian funding, something that is vitally needed in Houston, Indianapolis, Se-attle, here in our Nation’s Capital, in suburban Maryland, and communities all across the country. 
The lack of balance in this transpor-
tation funding is unfortunate. But I am hoping, through the amendment proc-ess and the work between the two Chambers, if it proceeds, that we will be able to correct it. 
The basic problem is, of course, we 
continue to tiptoe around the obvious solution to our transportation funding 
crisis. Our transportation partnership is compromised with our State, local, and private sector partners because we pretend that we can meet 2015 trans-portation needs with 1993 dollars, the last time we raised the gas tax. The re-fusal to do what Ronald Reagan did in 1982 and the refusal to do what six red Republican States have already done this year—Idaho, Utah, Nebraska, Iowa, South Dakota, Georgia—raising the gas tax, creates unnecessary dif-ficulties. The majority of States have raised 
their revenues over the last 4 years for transportation, and a review of the politicians involved with making these decisions found that those who voted for the revenue increases were actually reelected at a higher percentage than those who voted ‘‘no.’’ 
This bill is a well-intended statement 
with good structure and innovation; but until we have meaningful, long- term, predictable funding, it is only a well-intended statement. We continue the uncertainty that bedevils people at the State and local levels; and the big projects—multistate, multimodal, multiyear projects—need certainty. 
The minor cost increase of a few 
cents per day for families would be off-set by the dramatic plunge in gasoline prices and offset even more through the cost to families for damage to their vehicles of over $500 a year now be-cause of poor road conditions and al-most $1,000 a year lost due to conges-tion. These are real costs that we are inflicting on American families every day unnecessarily. 
Raising the gas tax and providing 
stable, meaningful funding for trans-portation will create millions of fam-ily-wage jobs all across the country while we get America unstuck and strengthen communities large and small. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the positive ele-
ments in this bill that we are dis-cussing is Vision Zero, which asks us to plan for a world where there are no traffic fatalities, a goal that is so im-portant to strive for as we continue to kill 32,000 people a year on our high-ways and countless more who are in-jured. 
Setting our goal high with Vision 
Zero is the sort of bold step we need, but we should not have a Vision Zero for new revenue. That is not bold. That is not courageous. That doesn’t get the job done. 
I look forward to this debate over the 
next couple of days. I look forward to having Members of Congress consider their alternatives. What are they going to do to make sure we can rebuild and renew this great country? 
This used to be an area of tremen-
dous bipartisan cooperation, leader-ship, and accomplishment for Congress. I hope it can be so again as we turn to transportation this week. The Amer-ican public would welcome such a de-velopment, and certainly they deserve it. 
f 
WASTE OF TAXPAYER MONEY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to be amazed and disappointed that the Republican Party wants to keep put-ting money in a black hole. The black hole is known as Afghanistan. 
The story broke yesterday that the 
Pentagon spent $43 million on a single natural gas station in Afghanistan 
when it should have cost no more than $300,000. The Pentagon spent over $30 million in overhead costs to build this one gas station, and the gas station was set up to service a kind of car that a huge majority of Afghans cannot af-ford. The Pentagon also will not an-swer any questions about this ridicu-lous waste of money. 
The $43 million gas station is one of 
the hundreds of examples of the waste of the taxpayers’ money in Afghani-stan. John Sopko has repeatedly writ-ten about the waste in Afghanistan. I don’t know why Congress has contin-ued to fund the waste and fraud in Af-ghanistan. 
Instead, last week, Congress passed a 
budget deal that increased defense spending over the next 2 years by over $80 billion a year. I did not vote for this bill. We already have a national debt of over $18 trillion, and I cannot, in good conscience, vote to add $1.5 trillion to the debt. 
The budget deal also puts $59 million 
into the Overseas Contingency Oper-ation fund, which is a slush fund for spending money in unauthorized wars in the Middle East. I am for rebuilding our military, but I am not in favor of the waste in Afghanistan. 
Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. 
President Obama signed us up for 9 more years in Afghanistan when he signed the bilateral security agreement last year. On Friday, he announced that he is putting American troops on the ground in Syria in an open-ended mission. This is a waste of money and a waste of lives. It needs to stop, and Congress has the power to stop it; but we will not use our constitutional au-thority to even debate what he is doing in the Middle East. 
Mr. Speaker, I bring with me posters 
from time to time. I look at the deaths of so many men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan who serve our Nation, and it breaks my heart. 
So to make my point before I close, 
Mr. Speaker, we still have Americans dying in Afghanistan, but it doesn’t make the papers anymore. We had a soldier from Fort Bragg—which is not in my district, but it is in North Caro-lina—who was killed in Iraq last week. 
Mr. Speaker, I bring this poster 
today because it tells the story much better than my words could ever tell the story about war. It is a lady hold-ing her little girl’s hand. The little girl has her finger in her mouth, and she is wondering why her daddy is in a flag- draped coffin. I don’t know what to tell that little girl. All I can tell that little girl is that Congress is indifferent to sending our young men and women to die in the Middle East. 
It is time for Congress to meet its 
constitutional responsibility and have a debate and a vote on the floor of the 
House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.002 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7395 November 3, 2015 
b1015 
HONDURAS MUST END 
CORRUPTION AND IMPUNITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, in 
September I visited Honduras as part of a delegation organized by the Wash-ington Office on Latin America. Last month I spoke about the violence and extreme poverty that force families and young people to flee the country. Today I want to focus on another ur-gent issue, namely, how to confront the pervasive corruption in Honduras. 
We heard about the problem of cor-
ruption everywhere, from the U.N., the President of Honduras, and the U.S. Ambassador, to community leaders and NGOs with expertise in justice and human rights. Everyone wanted to talk about the seemingly intractable prob-lem of endemic corruption in Hon-duras. 
The roots of corruption in Honduras 
are deep and longstanding. They en-compass state actors, criminal net-works, and powerful political and eco-nomic interests. But after a scandal re-vealed that government officials had stolen more than $350 million from the country’s Social Security fund, which provides public health services as well as old age pensions, and that some of the money had gone to the electoral campaign of the President’s political party, there has been a huge public outcry, demanding action to end wide-spread corruption. 
Tens of thousands of Hondurans have 
marched in the streets over the past months, calling for an international independent commission to investigate corruption and impunity, based on the model of the CICIG in Guatemala, but tailored to Honduran reality. This un-precedented movement is led by young people, organized on social media, and called the Indignados. 
Our delegation met with some of 
these young leaders. They are thought-ful, politically diverse, and united in their desire to see their country rid of corruption. They now face threats for what they are doing, and I hope that the Honduran Government is doing all it can to ensure their safety and their freedom of association and not turning a blind eye to the threats targeting them and their families. 
When we met with President Her-
nandez, he argued that he had taken significant steps to go after corruption. I take the President seriously, and I look forward to seeing concrete results from the actions he has already an-nounced. I also met with NGOs, includ-ing the Association of Judges for De-mocracy, that work on judicial, legal, and transparency issues, who unani-mously felt much more must be done. 
At the height of the protest move-
ment, President Hernandez called for a national dialogue on how to address the problem of corruption, asking the United Nations and the Organization of 
American States to help facilitate the process and develop a consensus of what needed to be done. 
So I was disappointed to learn that 
the dialogue process was not as inclu-sive as it could have been. The U.N. was sidelined, while the OAS carried out a quick series of discussions before developing a proposal for the Presi-dent. Many were concerned not only that the OAS hadn’t consulted widely enough, but that its actions fell short of the thoughtful and impartial medi-ation needed to generate confidence in any forthcoming proposal. 
On September 28, the OAS presented 
its proposal to President Hernandez. After studying this proposal, I have concluded that it is woefully inad-equate to addressing corruption and impunity, and reforming the weak judi-cial institutions of Honduras. This is not just my opinion. 
Last week, on October 28, a broad co-
alition of Honduran civil society, the Coalition Against Impunity, issued a statement declaring that the mission proposed by the OAS and the govern-ment is, itself, an obstacle to creating a genuine independent commission that can truly tackle the rampant cor-ruption and impunity in Honduras. 
Earlier, on October 4, the Indignados 
issued a similar critique, pointing out the weaknesses of the OAS proposal to independently investigate crimes of corruption and ensure their prosecu-tion. 
It is clear from my discussions in 
Honduras and recent statements by Honduran civil society that any such commission must be wholly inde-pendent from the government politi-cally and financially, that it must have the mandate and staffing to carry out investigations of crimes of corruption and impunity and the freedom to pur-sue those investigations wherever the evidence warrants. It must also have the mandate and ability to work inde-pendently with state prosecutors and investigators to bring such crimes to justice. 
Honduras does not need one more 
round of judicial studies and technical assistance or a board of international mentors, as proposed by the OAS. Such a limited proposal not only lacks the broad support and confidence of Hon-duran civil society, but it also falls far short of what is required to break the culture of impunity in Honduras. 
I hope the OAS proposal can be modi-
fied and strengthened and its mandate expanded to establish an effective and truly independent mechanism that can fully investigate corruption and have a role in prosecutions or an alternative advanced that can meet these require-ments. I hope that a new proposal in-cludes close cooperation with the U.N. 
I further believe that U.S. and inter-
national aid needs to be carefully cali-brated to link assistance to progress on human rights and ending corruption, including a truly independent commis-sion with the full power of investiga-tion into corruption and impunity and 
the ability to be part of the prosecu-tion of those charged with such crimes. 
f 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to share a grow-ing concern in our country, which is that one of our founding principles, our freedom of religion, is being taken away. 
I have here a beautiful picture of the 
Constitutional Convention, the signing of the Constitution at Independence Hall in Philadelphia on September 17, 1787. The very First Amendment to that Constitution, the very first one, our Founding Fathers solidified our citizens’ right to freedom of religion. 
The amendment says: ‘‘Congress 
shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to as-semble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.’’ 
Despite this freedom being explicitly 
laid out in our Constitution, we have seen Federal, State, and local govern-ments continue to violate our founding principles. 
One of the most notorious violations 
of religious liberty was recently re-highlighted by His Eminence Pope Francis. The Little Sisters of the Poor have been fighting an ongoing battle against ObamaCare’s contraception mandate. These Catholic nuns are forced under ObamaCare to provide contraception to their employees, even though their faith tells them that this is morally wrong. 
It is outrageous and offensive to 
force these nuns to violate their reli-gious liberties to comply with the will of the President and his allies. These are Catholic nuns trying to take care of poor people, and the government is getting in their way and imposing on their religious values. 
Another example is Kelvin Cochran, 
a resident of the city of Atlanta. Chief Cochran was appointed by President Obama in 2009 as the U.S. Fire Admin-istrator for the United States Fire Ad-ministration before returning to be-come the fire chief of Atlanta. He came under attack for his Christian beliefs. 
Chief Cochran is also a deacon at 
Elizabeth Baptist Church, where he leads a men’s Bible study. His faith in-spired him to write the book called ‘‘Who Told You That You Were Naked?’’, a book that explains and ex-amines the state of man since the fall of Adam. 
In his book, Chief Cochran briefly 
discusses the clear biblical teaching that sex is reserved for marriage be-tween a man and a woman. Kelvin had 
30 years of distinguished service, in-cluding under the Obama administra-tion, when he was fired for sharing his faith. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.004 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7396 November 3, 2015 
Sadly, these types of religious free-
dom violations are happening in my own district in the State of West Vir-ginia. 
Almost a year ago, a high school stu-
dent who is a Christian, in Buckhannon, West Virginia, was forced by his teachers in his public high school to attend a lesbian, gay, bisex-ual, transgender club, and then he was punished for expressing that he did not want to attend the club on the grounds that it went against his religious be-liefs. 
The hypocrisy of those who claim to 
promote tolerance, yet display such an intolerance towards those with tradi-tional religious values, is stunning. These are just a few examples. These attacks know no boundaries. They are not based on political party, race, sex, or ethnicity. These attacks go after ev-eryone in America. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to let the citi-
zens of our great country know that we disapprove of these continued infringe-ments on our religious freedom. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to join 
me in signing on to my resolution, which I plan to introduce tomorrow, to express the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that Federal, State, and local governments should not infringe on the ability of citizens to act in ac-cordance with their sincerely held reli-gious beliefs. 
f 
CELEBRATING VETERANS DAY 
AND VETERANS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, next week 
Americans throughout the country will celebrate Veterans Day. In cities and towns and hamlets, which all of us come from, we will take the time to thank and to honor those men and women who have served our Nation so nobly, to protect our freedoms and to keep this country safe, safe from all harm, foreign and domestic. 
Americans take a great deal of pride 
in their service to our country, and we must also remember those men and women who are today serving in Active Duty in harm’s way throughout the world. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
honor two veterans who passed away this last September, who I worked with closely and who were community lead-ers, Charlie Waters and Earl Watson, both gentlemen who exemplified what is the best and the brightest our Nation has to offer. 
Earl Watson, or as many like to call 
him, ‘‘Earl, the Pearl,’’ was a World War II veteran. After the war, he moved to Los Angeles, where he worked as a doorman in the famous Hotel Knickerbocker. During a dif-ficult time in our Nation’s history, during World War II, when segregation was still in many places the law of the land, Earl was most proud that he could serve his Nation. He wrote a bi-ography titled ‘‘Earl ‘The Pearl’ Wat-
son: Doorman to the Stars.’’ But what he was most proud of was his service to our Nation. 
Earl loved people. He had a big smile, 
a friendly demeanor, and an eagerness to help those in need. Anytime a vet-eran ever came to him or a veterans or-ganization had a problem, he was there to be helpful. Earl told me, when we were able to retrieve his medals that he had earned during his service to our country, that the proudest moment of all the many things he had done in his life was his service to our country. 
Earl is survived by his wife of 71 
years, Melba; his children, Alan and Coleen; and grandchildren, Eric, Ash-ley, and Jonathan, who he was so, so very proud of. 
Another veterans’ advocate who we 
all miss in the San Joaquin Valley is Charlie Waters, who served in the United States Marine Corps during the Korean war. Charlie, as he was affec-tionately known by all, never ever stopped fighting on behalf of veterans. 
I worked closely with him for many years, from working to get recognition for Hmong veterans to advocating for the funding of the opening of the vet-erans home that we successfully did that provides residence to those who deserve it. As a matter of fact, in Char-lie’s last days, he was able to stay there. 
He was a true champion of veterans 
not only throughout the Valley, but the Nation. But he did not stop there: supporting the Veterans Administra-tion Hospital in Fresno and providing support for their efforts; organizing and helping continue the Veterans Day parade, which is one of the largest vet-erans parades in the entire nation that is shown on Armed Services Television; and individuals. No problem was too big or too small, as long as a veteran was there who needed Charlie’s help. 
Therefore, we miss both Charlie and 
Earl very much for all that they have done and all that they exemplified in terms of honor, duty, and service to country. Charlie is survived by his wife, Cathy; and children, Charlie Waters, III, Karen, and Jennifer. 
Mr. Speaker, we want to take this 
time to recognize those leaders, those leaders who made a difference during their lives in serving our country. They are both shining examples of those who always—always—cared first and fore-most for our Nation. 
As we celebrate Veterans Day next 
week around the country, in towns and hamlets and cities throughout the Na-tion, we should think about all these veterans. We should think about the men and women who have served our Nation today in Active Duty. Never ever forget to say thank you for their service to a grateful Nation. 
f 
b1030 
COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT OF 
MINERAL RIGHTS ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, since first being elected to serve the citizens of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, I have had the honor to represent both the Al-legheny National Forest and Penn-sylvania’s historic Oil Region, where the commercial oil industry began in 1859. This region of north central Penn-sylvania was built on our natural re-sources, and this legacy remains a deep part of our heritage. 
The Oil Region designation came 
about because of the city of Titusville, which has been aptly nicknamed ‘‘the valley that changed the world.’’ It was there in 1859 that Colonel Edwin Drake drilled the world’s first commercial oil well, which set the wheels in motion for the worldwide commercial use of petroleum. Some 60 years following Colonel Drake’s historic well, the Alle-gheny National Forest was created in nearby Warren, Elk, Forest, and McKean Counties. 
Like so many areas of the West, this 
national forest is intrinsically con-nected to the prosperity of our commu-nities. A mixed use of oil and gas pro-duction, timbering, hardwood research, recreation, and tourism make the Alle-gheny National Forest unique to the East Coast and truly a treasure for the mid-Atlantic region. 
In the Allegheny, more than 90 per-
cent of the mineral rights are owned by the private sector. With the long his-tory in oil and gas development in the region, private landowners had the foresight to reserve their mineral rights when the Federal Government acquired these surface lands. 
You see, Mr. Speaker, there is not a 
national government-run oil company. There has long been an understanding in our great country that, when it comes to resources, and specifically en-ergy development, the private sector does it better. For generations, this ar-rangement successfully operated with oil and gas development taking place in the Allegheny National Forest. 
Unfortunately, over the past decade, 
some opponents of production made at-tempts to mandate new regulations or limit access to the private mineral rights through numerous lawsuits. After years of litigation, a Federal court rightfully ruled in favor of the private landowners maintaining rea-sonable access to their property. 
Federal courts have consistently 
ruled that the United States Forest Service lacks regulatory authority over these private mineral rights. Similar rulings and new regulations that would seek to limit production have also been issued. 
Today, I am introducing the Coopera-
tive Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015, and I ask my colleagues who believe in the importance of pri-vate property and private property rights to join me as cosponsors. We need to provide clarity and continue to respect the longstanding importance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.005 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7397 November 3, 2015 
private property rights in our country. 
This legislation will set the tone for addressing other cases dealing with these rights. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
protecting private property and private property rights by cosponsoring the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015. 
f 
LONG RANGE STRIKE BOMBER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
would like to address an issue of crit-ical importance to our Nation’s secu-rity: the Long Range Strike Bomber. 
Since World War II, our defense has 
relied on the ability to respond quickly to any threats to our national security anywhere in the world. The bedrock of this strategy has always been the stra-tegic bomber. 
This past week, it was announced 
that Northrop Grumman would be pro-ducing our next strategic bomber for future generations. Potential adver-saries are deterred because only the United States possesses the capability to strike any target in the world with precision weapons within 24 hours. 
Last week, the Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of the Air Force made the announcement that Northrop Grumman won the contract to build the Long Range Strike Bomber. This bomber will be produced in my district. The B–1, the B–2, and now the Long Range Strike Bomber will all follow in the same role of being built in the An-telope Valley in southern California. 
Congratulations to the Air Force and 
the men and women of Northrop Grum-man on this contract. I have seen first-hand the work that Northrop Grum-man employees do in support of our men and women in uniform at Plant 42 
in my district. I am here to congratu-late them on the opportunity to bring the expertise and commitment to the Long Range Strike Bomber. 
This means thousands of jobs to this 
country. It means thousands of jobs to southern California, in a much-needed area in my district where jobs are very scarce. Both Plant 42 and the many surrounding small businesses Northrop Grumman will have a contract with will have support in this area. 
The road that led to Tuesday’s an-
nouncement was a long one paved with hard work by many people in our com-munity and State. The Antelope Valley has long since been the home to the aerospace industry and has built B–1s, B–2s, all of the space shuttles, and cur-rently builds the F–35. Naturally, it would be a good selection for the next bomber being built there. 
On any given day, the F–22, F–35, the 
F–16, B–1, or B–2 will be flying over the Antelope Valley in their test missions. I am confident that the Long Range Strike Bomber will help us continue this legacy, and I thank everyone who has helped bring its production to our community. The Air Force has called the Long 
Range Strike Bomber a top moderniza-tion priority, and there are sobering facts behind that. Today, only 10 per-cent of our Nation’s bomber force is ca-pable of penetrating sophisticated ad-versary air defense systems. The aver-age age of our bomber fleet is 32 years old, with most of our bombers more than 45 years old. Only the B–2 stealth bomber, proudly built, maintained, and modernized in my district, can pene-trate advanced air defenses; however, we only have 20 B–2s. 
Given Northrop Grumman’s 35 years 
of expertise designing, building, deliv-ering, and modernizing the B–2 stealth bomber at Plant 42, I know the men and women who work there are incred-ibly qualified to build our Nation’s next long-range strike aircraft. 
f 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, after a 
wave of strong bipartisan opposition, after being stayed by two Federal courts, the administration is still push-ing its flawed waters of the United States regulatory expansion. However, this week, the Senate will finally con-sider rejecting this regulatory over-reach. 
While the administration describes 
their plan as a minor clarification, it is, in fact, the most sweeping expan-sion of Federal regulatory authority in our Nation’s history. 
Mr. Speaker, this map of my home 
State of California demonstrates ex-actly how far the EPA’s proposal would reach. Fully 95 percent of California, depicted in black, would fall under EPA’s jurisdiction, though you will no-tice that the city of San Francisco, in white, does not. That is because San Francisco, the source of so much of this excessive regulatory mindset, long ago paved over every waterway in the city, and who knows what is in the run-off rainwater flowing off the streets of that city. 
It isn’t just farms that would be hurt 
by the EPA’s plan. Virtually every business and homeowner in the State would be faced with regulation at the whim of Federal bureaucrats under a rule written to ensure that the EPA has any jurisdiction anytime it wants. 
Do we really believe the Federal Gov-
ernment should play a role in local 
land use decisions, even down to whether individual homes could be ex-panded? This is exactly the power the EPA claims that it needs. Dry streambeds, manmade ditches, even temporary puddles which exist only during rainstorms are all locations over which the EPA wishes to claim ju-risdiction. Even Imperial County, a desert with virtually no natural water-ways, would fall under the EPA’s con-trol with this plan. 
Perhaps the most concerning isn’t 
just that the EPA is seeking to expand its authority. That is the nature of any 
bureaucracy, and it is to be expected from this administration. Most con-cerning is that we can’t even trust the EPA with authority to regulate navi-gable waterways it already has or to respect exemptions included in the Clean Water Act. 
In my northern California district, 
residents have experienced regulatory actions so ludicrous that we can’t make them up. In Tehama County, a farmer was fined for planting wheat in a manner that the government claimed damaged so-called navigable waters, which begs the question anyway: What is or what should be determined to be a navigable waterway? Is it a puddle or is it something you can actually run a boat up and down? 
Never mind that the farm I men-
tioned has been recognized as a wheat allotment by the USDA for decades or that the farmer had simply been con-tinuing to farm the land exactly as it has been farmed for generations. In-stead, government bureaucrats wanted this activity stopped, and they used their power to prevent this farming ac-tivity. 
In another instance, the government 
used the Clean Water Act to attack a family farm for shifting to a more effi-cient irrigation system—yes, for shift-ing to more efficient irrigation system. One might think that is a laudable goal, especially during a drought pe-riod in California in the West, but the government claimed this activity would negatively impact the Sac-ramento River, which is a full 7 miles away from this farm and unconnected to that farm by any waterway. 
Of course, in both of these instances, 
the government sanctioned farmers for activities that are clearly exempt under the Clean Water Act as specified by Congress, who makes the laws. Even in the EPA’s only early draft, they ex-empted mud puddles, but they just couldn’t quite leave them out. They had to include them as well in their regulation. 
The ongoing efforts of the adminis-
tration to ignore exemptions for nor-mal farming activities like planting crops and maintaining irrigation sys-tems are in clear violation of the Clean Water Act, as written by Congress. In fact, language I sponsored to defund this sort of regulation of exempt ac-tivities was passed by both Houses last year and signed into law in December, yet the EPA persists in its illegal ac-tivities. 
Mr. Speaker, when Congress can’t 
trust Federal agencies to judiciously use authority they already hold, when we can’t trust agencies to follow clear congressional direction, how can we possibly consider granting or allowing them even more power? 
It is time the Senate joined the 
House in rolling back this proposal and remind this administration that Con-gress writes the law, not bureaucrats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7398 November 3, 2015 
HONORING MAJOR JUSTIN FITCH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to remember Major Justin Fitch. 
A son of Hayward, Wisconsin, and a 
decorated Army officer, colon cancer took Justin’s life far too soon, but not before he made an incredible mark on his community and his fellow veterans. 
While serving in Iraq in 2007, Justin 
suffered thoughts of suicide. He actu-ally went so far as to put an M–4 rifle in his mouth. But, thank God, he never pulled the trigger. 
When he returned home, he claimed 
victory over his suicidal thoughts, but another battle was just beginning for Justin. He was diagnosed with colon cancer. He waged a 3-year battle fight-ing that disease. Despite a grim prog-nosis, he used his attention to shed light on a mounting issue that he knew all too well. At the time, on average, 22 veterans were committing suicide a day. That is about 8,000 a year. 
Justin knew that something had to 
be done. And so in between his chemo-therapy treatments and surgeries, he took part in long ruck marches. He teamed up with veteran prevention or-ganizations and freely gave out his number to any soldier who approached him who also had thoughts of suicide. Major Fitch, fighting the battle of his life with cancer, was also giving his time to help save other veterans who were suffering with suicidal thoughts. 
Major Fitch passed away in his 
hometown of Pleasant Prairie, Wis-consin, on October 3. He was 33 years old. His personal battle may be over, but his fight marches on. As Justin would say: ‘‘It’s okay to seek help. You can get help. Look at me.’’ 
And so, to Major Fitch, on behalf of 
a grateful Nation, we are thankful for your service and your sacrifice and your commitment to our veterans. May God bless you. 
f 
GREATER MIAMI JEWISH FEDERA-
TION KRISTALLNACHT EVENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
this Monday, November 9, marks the 77th anniversary of Kristallnacht, the Night of Broken Glass. 
The Greater Miami Jewish Federa-
tion will be commemorating this tragic and horrible event with a community rally on Sunday, November 15, at 4 p.m., at the Holocaust Memorial Miami Beach. 
Kristallnacht marked the beginning 
of one of humanity’s darkest periods: the Holocaust. It serves as a solemn re-minder of what can happen when peo-ple allow anti-Semitism, incitement to violence, and hatred to carry on unabated. 
b1045 
What happened on Kristallnacht, the 
Night of Broken Glass? 267 synagogues were destroyed. 7,500 Jewish-opened 
businesses were looted and were van-dalized. Up to 30,000 Jews were ar-rested. Almost 100 Jews were killed, not to mention the untold number of violent attacks that took place that night. 
And the brutality and inhumanity 
only got worse from there, as Nazis would go on to murder 6 million Jews over the next few years because they were members of the Jewish faith. 
I plan on joining the Greater Miami 
Jewish Federation on Sunday, Novem-ber 15, to stand united with our com-munity to vow never again. 
HONORING THE DEPRESSION AND BIPOLAR SUP -
PORT ALLIANCE OF KENDALL AND CORAL GA -
BLES 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
today I would like to honor the Depres-sion and Bipolar Support Alliance of Kendall and Coral Gables for sup-porting individuals who are suffering from these diseases in South Florida. 
The stigma that surrounds depres-
sion and bipolar disorder is not only unfair, but it discourages people from seeking the help that they so des-perately need. 
In the United States alone, depres-
sion impacts 21 million adults. It costs $23 billion in lost work productivity. Depression impacts our families, our coworkers, our neighbors, our friends. 
The Depression and Bipolar Support 
Alliance of Kendall and Coral Gables is a unique, peer-directed organization that pairs those afflicted with depres-sion with role models who have been down that road before to help them re-gain stability and focus. 
I want to thank everyone involved 
with the Depression and Bipolar Sup-port Alliance of Kendall and Coral Ga-bles for being valuable members of our community and for the important and inspiring work that each staff member and professional does. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 47 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
We thank You for Your ongoing pres-
ence and sustaining grace in us all, and Your concern for our Nation. Continue to bless and inspire the men and women who serve in the people’s 
House. 
May they be encouraged by any 
movement that has occurred, and may the hopes and prayers of the American people, and indeed the world, for healthy and productive legislation be met with results inspired by Your spir-it. 
Forgive our failures, our lack of 
faith. May the good intentions of all acting in this Chamber be rewarded by solutions to our struggles that benefit our Nation. 
May all that is done be for Your 
greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. S AMJOHNSON ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL VETERANS 
COMMENDATION CEREMONY 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, as Veterans Day approaches, it is my privilege to announce that, on Saturday, November 14, I will be hosting my annual Congressional Vet-erans Commendation Ceremony. 
At this special event, 12 Collin Coun-
ty veterans will be recognized for their wartime sacrifices and peacetime com-munity involvement. These veterans were nominated by their peers and cho-sen by a selection board. Their stories will be passed on to future generations. 
The event starts around 1 p.m., and 
our keynote speaker is Major Heather Penney. She is one of two Air Force pi-lots who took to the skies on Sep-tember 11, 2001, on orders to take down Flight 93 with her own aircraft before the terrorism reached Washington, D.C. 
I encourage folks to come out and 
show all our veterans how much we care in a tangible and personal way. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.007 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7399 November 3, 2015 
hope to see you all there. God bless 
America. 
f 
EX-IM BANK REAUTHORIZATION 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, last 
week the House finally came to its senses and overwhelmingly passed the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. I am encouraged to see that it has been included in the long-term highway bill we will be considering this week. 
We know the Ex-Im Bank helps 
American businesses gain access to critical markets overseas and is a vital piece of our export strategy. But thanks to the vocal minority, the Bank’s charter expired for the first time in its history on July 1. 
This doesn’t just hurt the likes of 
Boeing or GE. It hurts small busi-nesses, many of which are minority- and women-owned. 
Last year nearly 90 percent of the Ex- 
Im transactions directly supported small businesses without costing tax-payers a penny. That is why I urge all 313 Members who voted for Ex-Im reau-thorization to oppose any attempts in the highway bill that significantly weaken or eliminate the Bank. 
Now is the time for supporters to 
stop standing on the sidelines and start standing up for American workers and exporters. 
f 
NOVEMBER IS DIABETES 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
as a member of the Diabetes Caucus to recognize November as Diabetes Awareness Month. 
Approximately 29 million Americans 
suffer from diabetes. This disease is the seventh-leading cause of death in the United States. 
It is critically important that we 
help educate people to understand their risk factors and that we educate people on how to prevent the disease by living healthier lives. 
Although there are many treatments 
for diabetes, there is no cure. I was proud to help introduce the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act, which provides critical funding to the National Institutes of Health so that they can continue their innovative research into diabetes and other diseases. Mr. Speaker, we spend $330 billion each and every year treat-ing diabetes. We need to find a cure. 
I am also proud to be a cosponsor of 
the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act, which will help seniors manage obe-sity, one of the leading causes of type 2 diabetes. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and advocates across the country to continue helping patients fight this disease. VETERANS AND CONSUMER 
PROTECTIONS 
(Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, next 
Wednesday is Veterans Day, and we will recognize and thank the millions of men and women who have put their lives on the line for our freedom. 
One way to honor those who have 
served is to make certain that our vet-erans—and all Americans—are pro-tected from predatory payday lenders, who leave them saddled with insur-mountable debt. That is why I am speaking out today to urge the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau to pass strong rules that protect veterans and all Americans from these harmful practices. 
In Oregon and around the country, 
predatory lenders prey on consumers who have fallen on hard times. When consumers cannot pay back the loans, with fees and interest rates that can dwarf the amount of the underlying loan, they find themselves in financial ruin. 
The CFPB must act quickly to de-
velop rules to protect veterans and all Americans. 
f 
THANK YOU TO THE FRANKLIN 
FAMILY 
(Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to thank an incredible American family in my district. The Franklin family of Richland Parish made a gen-erous donation to our Nation’s heroes. The family has given 50 acres of land to develop the Northeast Louisiana Vet-erans Cemetery. 
George Franklin, the patriarch of the 
family, was a veteran himself, a mem-ber of the Greatest Generation. In World War II, George served in the Eighth Air Force, European Theater. He was a tail gunner. He flew over 35 missions in a B–17. He earned six air medals, four battle stars, and a Presi-dential citation. 
The Franklin family represents a 
true American commitment to serve, and this gift from their family to the veterans is yet just another example of that service. The cemetery will offi-cially open next week—on time—with the first internment on Veterans Day. 
The Franklin family has given so 
much to Louisiana. I commend them for this honorable contribution to those who gave so much for us. 
f 
CHILD ABUSE IN MILITARY 
FAMILIES 
(Ms. GABBARD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, Talia 
Williams was just 5 years old when she was beaten to death by her own father after suffering months of abuse at 
home. Despite multiple reports to offi-cials at the Army base in Hawaii where Talia and her father lived, the system failed to protect her. 
Talia’s tragic story is just one of 
over 29,000 cases of child abuse and ne-glect in military homes over the last decade. This is a problem that demands better protections for our children in military families who are being abused and better support for military fami-lies facing the stresses of war, multiple deployments, and economic hardship. 
I have introduced Talia’s Law today, 
joined by Representative M
ARK TAKAI, 
which requires military officials to im-mediately report suspected cases of abuse to State child protective serv-ices. We owe it to our servicemembers, their families, and thousands of chil-dren like Talia to disrupt the status quo and stop another decade of pre-ventable child abuse. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 
NEWNAN-COWETA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
(Mr. WESTMORELAND asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, 
I come today to honor the Newnan- Coweta Chamber of Commerce on being named the Nation’s Chamber of the Year by the Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives. 
The members, volunteers, leaders, 
and friends of this chamber are what makes this organization so successful and, in turn, allow our small businesses to continue to be successful. 
Because of this partnership, Coweta 
County is fortunate to have many businessowners who have achieved the American Dream by opening their own business. 
Our businesses are also examples of 
how investing in our local community and economy can have great impact throughout the area. And I mean not just the store owners, but the loyal customers who buy and source local goods and services. Healthy small busi-nesses mean a healthy local economy and stable jobs for our community. 
I thank the Newnan-Coweta Chamber 
for providing guidance, advocacy, and encouragement to our businesses as we fight our way out of a struggling econ-omy and back onto a path for pros-perity. 
So, again, congratulations to the 
Newnan-Coweta Chamber on being the number one chamber of commerce as named by the ACCE’s Chamber of the Year, and I wish you the best for con-tinued success. 
f 
U.N. CLIMATE CHANGE 
CONFERENCE 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.009 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7400 November 3, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my support and opti-mism for the U.N. Climate Change Con-ference, or COP 21, which will be held in Paris next month. 
In advance of the negotiations, 146 
parties submitted Intended Nationally Determined Contributions, laying out the actions they intend to take to re-duce greenhouse gas emissions. These pledges cover 86 percent of global emis-sions. 
We have seen major commitments 
from the United States, the European Union, China, and other major devel-oping nations. We have also seen in-credible support from the private sec-tor. 
Many companies, including dozens of 
Fortune 500 companies, have made commitments to the American Busi-ness Act on Climate Pledge. Many busi-nesses recognize that acting on climate change is not only the morally right thing to do, but the economically right thing to do, also. 
An agreement in Paris would be an 
incredible first step that could be built upon with even more ambitious goals in the coming years because the bot-tom line in climate change is too big to tackle alone. 
We need global cooperation from gov-
ernments and businesses, and the United States must be a leader, de-manding bold action to take on the very real threats we face. 
An agreement in Paris is good for our 
national security, our economy, and our environment. I wish good luck to our negotiating team. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 
MASON HIGH SCHOOL MARCHING BAND 
(Mr. CHABOT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Mason High School marching band, which was se-lected to participate in the Rose Bowl parade on New Year’s Day. Only 20 high school bands are selected from across the country each year to participate in this highly prestigious event. 
The Mason High School band has won 
four consecutive titles as the top high school band in all of Ohio. They also finished fifth in the national competi-tion, becoming only the second band from southwest Ohio to ever play in the Rose Bowl parade. 
I know that the students in the band 
have put in a lot of hard work for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I have no doubt that they will perform magnificently. 
The Rose Bowl parade is televised 
around the world in 115 countries. So this is a great opportunity to show the world the talented students from southwest Ohio. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to wish the stu-
dents, the parents, the teachers, and all of Mason High School the best as they travel and perform and make our community proud. Go, Comets. CELEBRATING DIWALI 
(Mr. BERA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, next week is 
Diwali. The annual festival of lights is celebrated by more than 2 million In-dian Americans and more than 1 billion people worldwide. 
Tomorrow more than a thousand In-
dian Americans will descend on Capitol Hill to celebrate Diwali. It is an oppor-tunity to celebrate the accomplish-ments of the South Asian community, accomplishments in business, tech-nology, health care, and academics. 
All across this Nation, in commu-
nities small and large, you will see those small-business owners, those aca-demics, those doctors. It is a chance to give back to a country that has pro-vided so much opportunity to immi-
grants over the generations, including the Indian American community. 
For a community that has benefited 
so much, it is great to see them par-ticipating in the political process, cele-brating those accomplishments, and giving back to a country that means so much to us. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s celebrate. Let’s 
celebrate who we are as Americans. Let’s celebrate a dynasty of immi-grants, one successive generation after another, moving this country forward. 
f 
b1215 
CONGRATULATIONS TO EDINA 
GIRLS TENNIS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, if it is 
fall, it means it is time for another Edina High School girls tennis State title. For the 19th year in a row, the Hornets won the Minnesota State championship. This year concluded with a very hard-fought victory over Prior Lake. 
Despite Edina’s previous success, this 
year’s title was never a sure thing, as the team needed to rebound from an early season loss. Led by strong per-formances in singles by Sophia Reddy and in doubles by Katie Engelking and Nicole Copeland, the Hornets came out with a 5–2 victory. 
Mr. Speaker, it is exciting to see the 
commitment from these athletes as they compete at a high level year in and year out while still excelling in school and setting aside time for fam-ily and other commitments. The par-ents, family members, friends, fans, and coaches are all very proud of what they have accomplished. 
Congratulations, again, to the Edina 
High School girls tennis team for win-ning the State championship. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBERT 
E. STARR 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of a beloved Fort Worth educator, veteran, and civil rights activist, Mr. Robert E. Starr. 
Mr. Starr attended I.M. Terrell High 
School and was the first in his family to attend college. While he was in col-lege, he was drafted into the military and served as a medic during World War II, a time when the Army was still segregated. There were two Armies: one Black and one White. Mr. Starr saw some things that he shared with us that I will never forget. 
After he completed his education at 
Texas College in Tyler, he got his mas-ter’s degree at Texas Southern Univer-sity. He worked in the Fort Worth schools. He became known as a civil rights activist that was passionate about issues in the community. Mr. Starr was also employed at the FAA as a diversity manager, worked for the City of Fort Worth as an affirmative action manager, and worked as an in-vestigator for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Mr. Starr was also dedicated to the NAACP. 
Mr. Starr was a proud member of the 
Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church on the north side of Fort Worth. He was also a very proud resident of the north side of Fort Worth. 
Mr. Starr was preceded in death by 
his wife and daughter. He and his wife 
had a daughter that was severely dis-abled, and they were 100 percent dedi-cated to her. She died a few years ago. 
Mr. Starr will be sorely missed in the 
community. He was at every event and did so much for everyone. He was lit-erally a friend to everybody that he ever met. 
f 
HONORING WOODY WOODSIDE 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Woody Woodside for his outstanding service with the Brunswick-Golden Isles Cham-ber of Commerce. 
Over the last 30 years as president of 
the chamber of commerce, Woody has dedicated his life to the success of Brunswick and the Golden Iles, making countless trips to Washington, D.C., for the benefit of southeast Georgia. But his service and leadership go far be-yond his chamber presidency. 
Woody graduated from The Citadel in 
1970 and is a retired officer with 23 years of service to the Georgia Na-tional Guard. In addition, he served as a congressional staff member for 14 years to two of my predecessors, Con-gressman ‘‘Bo’’ Ginn and Congressman Lindsay Thomas. 
Woody has devoted his life to serving 
his country and his community. I am very lucky to call him a constituent, but I am luckier to call him a friend. 
I would like to thank Woody for his 
service to the Golden Isles, the First Congressional District of Georgia, the great State of Georgia, and our coun-try. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.011 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7401 November 3, 2015 
VETERANS DAY AND MERCHANT 
MARINERS 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, next week, 
Americans will celebrate Veterans Day and honor the sacrifices of the men and women who have served this Nation, but one group of veterans has gone un-recognized far too long. 
In World War II, more than 200,000 
merchant mariners braved troubled seas to deliver supplies to the battle-fields of Europe and the Pacific. They faced enemy attack and suffered a cas-ualty rate higher than any other uni-formed service. 
Unfortunately, the World War II Mer-
chant Marine veterans were never eli-gible for benefits under the GI Bill and were long excluded even from Veterans Day celebrations. Many of these mer-chant mariners are now well into their eighties and nineties and have yet to receive the honor and appreciation they deserve. 
As Veterans Day approaches, I am 
calling once again on my colleagues to pass H.R. 563, legislation that will pro-vide the fewer than 5,000 surviving World War II Merchant Marine vet-erans with a one-time $25,000 payment as a token of this Nation’s apprecia-tion. 
When my colleagues are home in 
their districts celebrating Veterans Day, I hope that what I have said today will prick their conscience. Despite their sacrifice, despite their patriot-ism, one group of veterans has not been celebrated. Our merchant mariners de-serve so much more. It is time to pass H.R. 563. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FRED 
THOMPSON 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I stand to remember a much- loved Tennesseean. 
Though Fred Thompson’s roots were 
in Tennessee, his service spanned far past the borders of our State and into the lives and homes of all Americans. To my family and to many in middle Tennessee, Fred Thompson was a neighbor, a friend, and a trusted polit-ical voice. 
His passing brings great sadness to 
all, especially those in his hometown of Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, a town he never forgot, a town and her people that he credited with teaching him life lessons and giving him the perspective he carried with him throughout life. Those small-town Tennessee lessons helped mold him into the incredible man that he was, with a legacy that will never be forgotten. I appreciate all he did on behalf of our State, our Na-tion, and the cause of freedom. 
My thoughts and prayers are with his 
wife, Jeri, and all the Thompson fam-ily. He will be missed. VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS 
WEEK 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, I joined Lackawanna Mayor Geoff Szymanski, a United States Navy vet-eran, to recognize Veterans Small Business Week and promote startup workshops for veterans, hosted by the Small Business Administration. 
Every year, more than 200,000 serv-
icemembers transition to the civilian workforce, and our Nation must make that transition as smooth as possible, not only out of gratitude, but because our veterans are some of the most in-dustrious and determined citizens, which gives them the ability to make an outsized contribution to our econ-omy. 
That is why I support Helmets to 
Hardhats, which connects veterans with apprenticeships in the building and construction trades; and that is why Congress must remove the expira-tion dates for GI Bill education bene-fits so that veterans can receive the ca-reer training they earned and deserve. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, October 
was Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and millions of Americans joined our fight against a disease that strikes one out of every eight women in our coun-try. 
This issue is personal to me and the 
thousands of Granite Staters who have family and friends suffering from breast cancer, or who suffer from it themselves. My mother is a breast can-cer survivor. Her courageous battle is my inspiration in Congress. 
I joined more than 180 Members to 
cosponsor legislation that would en-courage the government and private sector to work together to find a cure. Thanks to the hard work of Nancy Ryan and the New Hampshire Breast Cancer Coalition, which recently marked its 20th anniversary, that cure is even closer today. 
Breast cancer is the second leading 
cause of death among women in the United States. Every October, we honor and remember those who have died and those who are living with breast cancer. We acknowledge the hard work of the medical professionals and caregivers, and we recommit our-selves to finding a solution that will save lives. 
f 
APPRENTICESHIP WEEK 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to speak in recognition of the first National Apprenticeship Week. As always, it is an honor to join my good friend and colleague, Representative G.T. T
HOMPSON from Pennsylvania, 
who will be speaking next. I want to thank him for his bipartisan leadership on career and technical education issues. As co-chairs of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Cau-cus, G.T. and I are committed to ex-panding apprenticeships so that every American has the skills necessary to succeed in their chosen career. 
While apprenticeships have been slow 
to grow in the United States, Germany and Switzerland have long been recog-nized as global leaders in this field. Last month, I convened a CTE Caucus field hearing in Rhode Island, bringing experts from German industry and edu-cation to help spread the best practices of a robust apprenticeship model. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleague from Pennsylvania and all of my colleagues in the House to expand these options for all students, not just in my home State, but across the en-tire country. 
f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend, co-chair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN from Rhode Island, for his lead-
ership and his remarks. I also rise in recognition of National Apprenticeship Week, which runs through this Satur-day. 
Training and support for those look-
ing to enter vocational fields is some-thing that is very important to me, as co-chairman of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus. It is 
essential that we give our workers the training and resources that they need to secure family-supporting jobs. 
Apprenticeships are a vital part of 
this effort to help workers prepare for the jobs of tomorrow, along with the in-demand positions that are currently going unfilled. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the industries which rely on apprenticeship training are in demand, including a huge need for certified electricians, construction workers, and those in the health tech-nology fields. More than 430,000 Ameri-cans are currently participating in an apprenticeship program, gaining the knowledge to rise to the demands of to-day’s workforce. 
Mr. Speaker, these programs give 
workers hands-on experience and lead to much higher lifetime earnings for those that participate. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS ADVANCEMENT 
ACT 
(Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.013 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7402 November 3, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, the 
right to cast an unfettered vote is cen-tral to our democracy. 
When the United States Supreme 
Court invalidated key provisions of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, it invited Con-gress to update the formula that deter-mines which jurisdictions should be covered. Unfortunately, while Congress has failed to act, we have seen jurisdic-tion after jurisdiction all across this country attempting to erect impedi-ments to the right to vote. 
The Voting Rights Advancement Act, 
introduced in this body and the body across the Hall, responds to the Su-preme Court’s invitation. That is why we have labeled our legislative out-reach strategy #restorethevote; and be-cause elections are held on Tuesdays, today we are launching #restorationtuesday to organize Mem-ber activities online, on the House floor, and throughout our commu-nities. 
f 
b1230 
HONORING OUR NATION’S 
VETERANS 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, in ad-
vance of Veterans Day, I rise to honor all of those who have served in the de-fense of our great Nation. 
The 24th District of Texas is home to 
over 38,000 veterans. They come from many walks of life, but they all have one thing in common, they answered the call to serve when our Nation was in need. 
As part of my office’s commitment to 
serving north Texas veterans and their families, we will host our Fourth An-nual Veterans Fair this Saturday in Grapevine, Texas. 
This event is dedicated to informing 
veterans about the programs and serv-ices that are available to assist them and their families. It is also an oppor-tunity for our community to come to-gether and honor our Nation’s heroes. 
Thank you to all of our veterans and 
active military who have put the safe-ty of this Nation before their own. We are forever grateful for your service and sacrifice. 
f 
HONORING OUR VETERANS ON 
VETERANS DAY 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, next 
Wednesday is Veterans Day, a day when we honor the brave men and women who served our great Nation. 
North Carolina is home to more than 
800,000 veterans, and I have the privi-lege of representing more than 37,000 of them who live in the 12th Congres-sional District. I am the proud daughter, grand-
daughter, niece, and sister of veterans, so I understand the sacrifices that our veterans and their families make. 
No veteran should have to jump un-
necessary hurdles to receive the bene-fits promised to them. That is why I in-troduced the Veterans Benefits Net-work Act. In the coming days, I will also be introducing legislation to help veterans get closer to achieving the American Dream of entrepreneurship. 
Our veterans risk their lives to pro-
tect our freedom and our democracy, and we must all remain committed to make sure that they have the resources needed to make a successful transition into civilian life. 
Access to quality health care, afford-
able education, and good-paying jobs should be guaranteed to all who serve honorably in our Armed Forces. 
This Veterans Day and every day, we 
honor the selfless service and sacrifices made by our veterans. It is my honor to be a voice for veterans in this Con-gress. 
f 
NATIONAL FARM TO SCHOOL 
MONTH 
(Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate and recognize Na-tional Farm to School Month. 
The USDA Farm to School Program 
fosters lifelong learning and commu-nity building, while providing school children with fresh, healthy foods from local food producers. 
Just this year Watertown City 
School District and the Saranac Lake Central School District in the North Country were awarded grants for their Farm to School projects. These projects will encourage investment during the academic year on locally sourced foods, which will, in turn, sup-port our North Country farmers. I trust their projects will be a success, like so many others across Upstate New York and the country. 
We need to empower our Nation’s 
children and their families to make healthy food choices through education that not only introduces fresh produce, but also teaches children about the im-portance of our agricultural commu-nities. 
f 
WEAR RED WEDNESDAY 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to bring back our girls. 
Boko Haram, notorious for kidnap-
ping nearly 300 Chibok girls almost 570 days ago, has used heinous tactics to displace 2.2 million Nigerians and kill 15,000 people in the region. 
While our government has con-
demned these acts and offered noncom-bat support to the multinational joint 
tasks force fighting Boko Haram, we must do more. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why I have in-
troduced H.R. 3833, to require the U.S. Government to develop a regional strategy to assist the multinational joint task force and address security issues for Nigerian school children, es-pecially girls. 
I urge my colleagues to join me as 
cosponsors to this important legisla-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill was already 
passed in the Senate by Senator C
OL-
LINS, S. 1632, and we now need to pass 
it in the House. 
Until these precious Chibok girls are 
returned, we will continue to wear red on Wednesdays, continue to tweet, tweet, tweet, #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PARK MAGNET 
SCHOOL 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Park Mag-net School of Hot Springs, Arkansas, for being named by the U.S. Depart-ment of Education as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School. 
This highest of educational honors is 
awarded yearly to both private and public elementary, middle, and high schools demonstrating overall aca-demic excellence or progress in closing students achievement gaps. 
Park Magnet School is 1 of only 5 
schools in Arkansas and only 335 in the Nation to be selected this year. Receipt of this award marks the second time that Park Magnet has been named a National Blue Ribbon School, the first time being in 2009. 
These achievements acknowledge and 
validate the hard work of students like Grace Shelor, faculty like Mrs. Carmen Binns, as well as families and commu-nities in creating a culture of excel-lence wherein students may reach their full, God-given potential. 
It is with great pride that I congratu-
late Park Magnet School on their suc-cess today. 
f 
OBAMACARE MUST BE REPEALED 
AND REPLACED 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this week I 
read a story in the Houston Chronicle about Martha Gardenier. Martha is 59. She is a CPA. Two years ago, her bone marrow disease became leukemia. Her doctor said she should start end-of-life care. 
The best cancer center in our world, 
M.D. Anderson, put her into an experi-mental trial. Her cancer regressed to grade 1. Her drug cocktail costs $10,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.014 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7403 November 3, 2015 
per month. In September, she was told 
that her insurance plan was dropping her because of ObamaCare. 
President Obama told every Amer-
ican that ‘‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.’’ Martha liked her healthcare plan, and she may die because she can’t keep it, another ex-ample of why ObamaCare must be re-pealed and replaced without broken promises and putting patients likes Martha first. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 6, 2015, THROUGH NOVEMBER 13, 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 507 and ask 
for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 507 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union for consideration of the Senate amendment to the text of the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. All points of order against consideration of the Senate amendment are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the Senate amend-ment and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. After general debate, the Senate amendment shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. The amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be con-sidered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. 
S
EC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the 
Senate amendment, as amended, shall be in order except for an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-32, which shall be considered as pending, shall be considered as read, shall not be debatable, shall not be subject to amendment except as specified in subsection (b), and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. 
(b) No amendment to the further amend-
ment referred to in subsection (a) shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. (c) All points of order against amendments 
referred to in subsections (a) and (b) are waived. 
S
EC. 3. At the conclusion of consideration 
of the amendments referred to in section 2(b) of this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consideration of the Senate amendment, as amended, shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. 
S
EC. 4. On any legislative day during the 
period from November 6, 2015, through No-vember 13, 2015— 
(a) the Journal of the proceedings of the 
previous day shall be considered as approved; and 
(b) the Chair may at any time declare the 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
S
EC. 5. The Speaker may appoint Members 
to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 4 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
S
EC. 6. It shall be in order at any time on 
the legislative day of November 5, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV, relating to a measure au-thorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). The gentleman 
from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to my friend from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pend-
ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 507 is a structured rule for the consideration of H.R. 22. It provides an hour of general debate, and it makes in order 29 amendments. 
Now, you might say, Mr. Speaker, 
that 29 amendments seems like that ought to be the end of the conversa-tion. But my friend from Massachu-setts and I are not done with 29 amend-ments. There have been well over 250 amendments submitted for this legisla-tion. We have included 29 in this base text, and we are going to come back and include more. 
This is the very first rule to come 
out of P
AULRYAN, Speaker, U.S. House 
of Representatives. 
When Speaker R YANwas speaking to 
the House last week, when he took the Speaker’s gavel into his hands, he said, ‘‘We need to let every Member con-tribute—not once they have earned their stripes, but right now.’’ 
He said, ‘‘I come at this job as a two- 
time committee chair. The committees should retake the lead in drafting all major legislation. If you know the issue, you should write the bill. We 
must open up the process. Let people participate. In other words, we need to return to regular order.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I won’t tell it to you 
any way but straight. I am not sure what folks mean when they say a re-turn to regular order in this House. 
I love a free and spirited debate proc-
ess. We are going to go deep into the night tonight, deep into the night to-morrow night, and well into the late hours on Thursday. I hope my col-leagues are still going to be as enthusi-astic about regular order when we are done as they are before we get started. 
But regular order doesn’t necessarily 
mean that you can use dilatory tactics to slow the House down. It doesn’t nec-essarily mean we need to see the same amendment 25 different times. 
What my friend from Massachusetts 
and I are doing in the Rules Com-mittee, Mr. Speaker, is going through those amendments to make sure that the ideas and the recommendations brought by individual Members of this House have a chance to be heard, but heard once, not heard six different times. 
We are going to have a robust debate 
in the spirit of regular order over these next 3 days. But that will be from a pot of more than 260 amendments win-nowed down into those issues that need to be discussed, have an opportunity to be discussed, on the floor of this House. 
b1245 
Mr. Speaker, the transportation sys-
tem in this country is over 4 million miles, 600,000 bridges, and 270,000 public transit route miles. The scope of the transportation system in this country is vast, and its importance is even more so. There is not a mayor in this country, Mr. Speaker, who doesn’t know that as goes their education in-frastructure and as goes their transpor-tation infrastructure, so goes the econ-omy of their community. 
Now, we are working on the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Reau-thorization Act, Mr. Speaker, but that is not for today. Today is not edu-cation day. Today is transportation day, where we are bringing forward the first 6-year transportation reauthoriza-tion that this country has seen in more than a decade. We have been trying. It is not from a lack of trying, Mr. Speak-er. 
The ranking member, Mr. D
EFAZIO, 
on the Transportation Committee and the chairman, Mr. S
HUSTER , on the 
Transportation Committee have been working diligently not for days, not for weeks, and not for months, but for years to try to bring this piece of legis-lation to the floor. This rule today gives us that opportunity. 
Mr. Speaker, there are those items in 
the U.S. Constitution that are put upon the United States Government as re-sponsibilities that we must achieve to-gether. Postal roads are among those responsibilities. There are those who say that Republicans are the party of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7404 November 3, 2015 
no government. I say nonsense. I say 
Republicans are the party of good gov-ernment. In fact, I don’t even think that should be a partisan issue. I think that should be a nonpartisan issue, something that we can all agree on, as Americans, as this body. 
This bill doesn’t just allocate the 
necessary dollars to the projects; it changes the process that allocates those dollars so that we get more value out of each and every one. 
I will tell you a story from back 
home, Mr. Speaker. In fact, it is going on this week. This week a year ago would have been election week. I rep-resent only two counties in the great State of Georgia. One of them is the single most conservative county in the State. 
They turned out on election day last 
year, Mr. Speaker; and while they had rejected Federal tax increases in the past and while they had rejected State tax increases in the past, they got to-gether a year ago this week and voted to tax themselves—this small county in the great State of Georgia—to the tune of $200 million so they could ex-pand the major highway going through that county. They didn’t trust the gov-ernment here in Washington to get a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of taxes. They didn’t trust the State government to get a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of taxes. They trusted the locality to get a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of taxes. And here, this week, it will have been 1 year from election day and groundbreaking be-gins. 
Groundbreaking begins this week, 
just 1 year after the decision to move forward on a project. That is unheard of in Federal circles, Mr. Speaker, but this bill takes not bipartisan steps, but nonpartisan steps to improve upon that process. 
Mr. Speaker, I happen to serve on 
both the Rules Committee and the Transportation Committee. I am very proud of the base product that the Transportation Committee in this House reported. We didn’t just consider that bill for a day or for a week. We worked on that bill for months as well. We passed it out of committee on a voice vote, Mr. Speaker. We passed it out of committee unanimously. In fact, we passed the rule out of the Rules Committee last night on a voice vote to bring this resolution to the floor. 
This is an opportunity, Mr. Speaker, 
to show the American people what is best about this House. What is best about this House is not that we all agree on everything, because we don’t. What is best about this House is not that we all represent the same kinds of values and constituencies back home, because we don’t. What is best about this House is that we have an oppor-tunity to come together, express all of those issues, and let the chips fall where they may. 
If you look in these 29 amendments, 
Mr. Speaker, you will see most of them are bipartisan or nonpartisan amend-
ments. But we have amendments made in order that are just brought by Re-publicans, and we have amendments made in order that are just brought by Democrats. The Rules Committee has the power to do whatever the Rules Committee would like to do. We are not using that power today to shut the voices out, Mr. Speaker. We are using the power today to bring the voices to-gether. 
I am very proud to bring this rule. I 
think it is worthy of all the Members’ support. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for the customary 30 
minutes. 
I yield myself such time as I may 
consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, before 
I get into the subject matter that we are here to discuss, I do want to re-spond to my friend from Georgia about Speaker R
YAN’s call for regular order, 
which I think many on our side wel-come. But we are not going to get too excited yet because that same pledge was made when Speaker Boehner be-came Speaker of the House, and that pledge was broken over and over and over again. In fact, he presided over the most closed Congress in the history of our country, more closed rules than any other Congress in history. 
When my friend asked the question, 
‘‘What does regular order mean?’’ well, it means that we don’t bypass commit-tees of jurisdiction. We let them do their work, and then we bring that bill to the Rules Committee, as opposed to having some committee staff write a bill in the back room someplace in the Capitol, present it, and then have the Rules Committee give it a closed rule. It means allowing for all sides to be heard. 
The Rules Committee has routinely 
blocked out amendments on legitimate issues because the Republican leader-ship didn’t want to deal with it. They didn’t want to have that debate. 
So it means a more open and trans-
parent process. It means a process that is more fair and more respectful of all Members, not just Democrats, but to Republicans as well. I hope that when Speaker R
YAN made that pledge, it is 
more than just words; that we will see, in the coming weeks and months, something different around here. 
I would also just say that I don’t 
mean to pick on Speaker Boehner be-cause we do have people on the Rules Committee on the Republican side who have routinely voted to shut this proc-ess down. I hope that there is a change of attitude in the Rules Committee, as well, for a more open and a more trans-parent process. 
So having said that, Mr. Speaker, to-
day’s rule provides for the consider-ation of the Surface Transportation 
Reauthorization and Reform Act, a 6- year highway bill. After 35 short-term extensions—35 short-term extensions— this is a welcome step to providing the kind of certainty that our State and our local officials need. In fact, they have been clamoring for this for a very, very long time. 
Of the 284 amendments submitted to 
the Rules Committee for consideration, the rule we are talking about right now makes in order 29. We expect the com-mittee to meet later today to consider the remaining amendments. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and Sub-
committee on Highways and Transit Chairman S
AMGRAVES and Ranking 
Member E LEANOR HOLMES NORTON for 
all of their hard work to get us to this point. 
This isn’t the highway bill that I 
would have written, but the bottom line is that we need a long-term surface transportation authorization bill. States need to be able to count on Fed-eral funding for more than a month at a time. Large-scale infrastructure projects take years to complete. States need certainty, and this bill is a step forward in that direction. 
Mr. Speaker, our roads and our 
bridges are already in need of massive repairs. I tell my colleagues all the time that we have bridges in Massachu-setts that are older than most of your States. The underlying bill provides $325 billion in contract authority from the highway trust fund over 6 years for highway, transit, and safety programs. It would allow for automatic adjust-ments if more money comes into the highway trust fund. 
I am pleased to see that among the 
provisions in this bill is a reauthoriza-tion of the Export-Import Bank, which is the same language that the House passed with strong bipartisan support last week, notwithstanding the fact that we had to use a discharge petition because the way this place operates, the will of the majority was not re-spected. But we should vote against any amendments—any and all amend-ments—that would jeopardize this pro-vision. 
Not only will a long-term highway 
bill help our economy, but it will cre-ate and sustain thousands of American jobs, particularly in the construction and manufacturing industries that were hardest hit by the Great Reces-sion. 
In all candor, I can’t say that I am 
enamored with everything in this bill. I wish that it provided more robust funding levels. I am sorry to see that we are continuing to use guarantee fees as a pay-for on an unrelated transpor-tation bill. G-fees should be used to protect taxpayers from mortgage losses, not as an offset on a highway bill. 
I also have serious concerns about 
the use of private debt collection as an offset in this bill. Instead of raising money, if history is any indication, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.018 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7405 November 3, 2015 
is likely the use of private debt collec-
tion agencies would result in the Fed-eral Government losing revenue. We know that because that has happened in the past. 
Moving forward, I would strongly, 
strongly caution against loading this bill up with controversial provisions. This rule makes in order an amend-ment by Congressman R
IBBLE of Wis-
consin to permit States to allow bigger and heavier trucks on our interstate highways, and I understand that sev-eral other amendments have been of-fered to increase truck size and truck weights. I think passing these kinds of amendments is one of the most dan-gerous things that we can do, and I be-lieve it would seriously threaten this carefully crafted compromise. 
Despite what some in the trucking 
industry might have you believe, big-ger trucks have never resulted in fewer trucks on our road. Since 1982, when Congress last increased the gross vehi-cle weight limit, truck registrations have increased 90 percent. 
Now, some say if we allow bigger and 
heavier trucks on our Federal Inter-state Highway System, we can some-how alleviate their presence on local roads. That is a false argument because trucks still need to make deliveries and pickups at warehouses and busi-nesses, and local roads are the way they get there. So all the Ribble amendment would do is make more of our roads less safe. 
By the way, on the Interstate High-
way System, these bigger and heavier trucks can drive faster, thereby endan-gering more and more of the others who are driving on these highways. Bigger truck crashes kill nearly 4,000 people every year, and the reality is that most of those fatalities are those in passenger vehicles, not the trucker. Big trucks pay only a fraction of the true cost of the wear and tear they cause on our roads and bridges. State budgets are stretched to the brink as it is and can’t afford to make up for the multibillion-dollar underpayments. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans have said 
loud and clear over and over again that they don’t want bigger trucks. A Janu-ary 2015 nationwide survey by Harper Polling found that 76 percent of re-spondents oppose longer, heavier trucks, and a May 2013 public opinion poll by Lake Research Partners found that 68 percent of Americans opposed heavier trucks. That should be enough to give people who want to put bigger and heavier trucks on our roads some pause. But as I have learned serving in this Congress, usually this place does the opposite of what the American peo-ple want. 
Let me remind my colleagues that in 
MAP–21, the most recent long-term highway bill, Congress directed the De-partment of Transportation to conduct a comprehensive study on truck size and weight laws. After 2 years of care-ful study, DOT concluded that the cur-rent data limitations were so profound that no changes in truck size and weight laws in regulations should be 
considered until these data limitations could be overcome. So we asked DOT to do a study, and that is their rec-ommendation. Yet there are all these amendments to try to get around that. 
I would just say to my friends who 
are thinking of voting for some of these amendments to allow bigger, heavier, and more dangerous trucks on the road and on our Interstate Highway System to talk to some of the families of the victims. I have, on a regular basis, talked to people who have lost their husbands, their wives, their kids, and their best friends to these senseless crashes. Think about them before you just go along with whatever particular special interest asks you to do. 
By the way, those who drive these 
trucks are opposed to this. They are opposed to this. Yet here we are with an attempt to try to kind of make our roads less safe. 
So loading this bill up with all kinds 
of exemptions to truck size and weight laws I think would be a huge mistake and would jeopardize the passage of the 
underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to reject the Ribble amendment and all these other amendments that may be made in order to put bigger, heavier, and more dangerous trucks on the road. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b1300 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, when we talk about the 
return to regular order and all of the amendments that we are going to con-sider today, it is not lost on me that just here in the Rules Committee de-bate, my friend from Massachusetts was able to talk about truck size and weight for longer than regular order would have allowed the proponent of an amendment to talk about that. Under the 5-minute rule, which is what we have here to conduct these issues, it is hard to grapple with some of these big issues in an amendment process. 
Some of these issues, as my friend 
from Massachusetts suggested, should be hashed out in committee, where there is no time limit, where we can work on these, where we can consider all of the studies, where we can go through all of the work. 
There is a role for the Rules Com-
mittee to pick and choose amend-ments, those that have been considered enough, those that can be considered in a short period of time, and those that need to remain in committee and be hashed out there. 
As we grapple with what regular 
order means, I hope my colleagues will come down on the side of reserving the biggest of these issues for committee work and the more minor changes for here on the floor of the House. 
While I prefer to agree with my 
friend from Massachusetts, Mr. Speak-er, I have to disagree with him about the track record we put together in this body over the last 4
1⁄2years. I came to Congress at the exact same 
time that John Boehner became Speak-er of the House. My first experience here in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, was when John Boehner brought H.R. 1 to the floor. It turns out the Democratic Congress had not finished the budg-eting process the year before. 
So here we were. We were in the mid-
dle of the fiscal year. No budget had been passed. No appropriations bills had been passed. This brand-new Con-gress comes in, the biggest freshman class in American history. It was an exciting, exciting time, Mr. Speaker, as you will recall. 
One of the first bills out of the gate 
was a bill to fund $3.5 trillion worth of Federal Government. All these new Members here have all been sent with a mandate from their constituents back home. 
While history would have suggested 
that a Speaker would have closed down that process, said this is too important to put before the entire House, what Speaker John Boehner said is: Bring the bill to the floor and we will debate it for as long as it takes. 
Mr. Speaker, do you remember that? 
It was all night long, day in, day out, until we finished the job. Every Mem-ber on this floor had their voice. 
We can’t always do that, Mr. Speak-
er. There is not enough daylight or darkness in the year to do that with every bill that comes to the floor of the House. But I cannot let it be said that Speaker Boehner presided over the most closed Congress in history. In 
fact, the opposite is true. 
If you track down my Democratic 
friends, they will tell you they offered more amendments in a John Boehner Speakership than they ever had a chance to offer in a Speaker P
ELOSI  
Speakership. I am not faulting the pre-vious Speaker, Mr. Speaker. I am only saying that openness is something you have to believe because it is hard. It is complicated. 
I listened to my friend from Massa-
chusetts. He said: I want an open proc-ess. I just want to defeat all the amendments I don’t like that come to the floor of the House. 
Sometimes that is just the way it is. 
Sometimes you have to come down here to the floor of the House, you have to have the difficult debate, and you have to win on the merits. 
Mr. Speaker, we did ask the Depart-
ment of Transportation to consider truck weights. We absolutely did. And we passed it in a bipartisan way. It was signed by the President of the United States. The date the report was due back to this Congress was last year. 
Last year is when this body spoke 
and said: You have to have this study back to us by the winter of 2014. 
The Department of Transportation 
said: Whatever. Whatever. We are working on it. It is really hard. I know Congress told us to. I know they are the boss. But whatever. We will get there. 
Here we are a year later and we still 
don’t have the report, Mr. Speaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.019 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7406 November 3, 2015 
Don’t let it be said that we are suc-
ceeding here at the Federal level. 
What does my friend from Wisconsin 
(Mr. R IBBLE ) do? This is radical. I want 
to redescribe the radical amendment that my friend from Massachusetts just spoke about. The radical idea that my friend from Wisconsin has is: Let’s let the State governments decide for themselves about what the truck weights should be on Federal highways in their system. 
I don’t dispute for a moment that 
there are going to be States that say: This is too dangerous. We don’t want heavier trucks on our road. I don’t doubt that for a minute. 
But don’t you doubt for a minute, 
Mr. Speaker, that there will be States that say: Today we allow those heavier trucks on our small two-lane curvy roads through north Georgia. 
If you really care about families that 
have been harmed by truck accidents, then you want those trucks off of those dangerous two-lane roads and you want them on the finest highway system known to man: the United States inter-state system. 
I trust States to make those deci-
sions, Mr. Speaker. Don’t think for a moment—don’t think for a moment— that the collective wisdom of 435 peo-ple in this body is a good substitute for folks who sit back home in the great State of Georgia. I promise you, our judgment, the way we love on one an-other in Georgia is superior to any-thing this body could craft. 
That is the radical idea from my 
friend from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ). 
Let States decide. Let the local people who have to deal with the con-sequences of action or inaction—let them decide. 
It feels right to me, Mr. Speaker. 
That is what is wonderful about this body. We are going to make these amendments in order. We are going to bring them to the floor of the House. We are going to have the debate. And then, lo and behold, at the end of the process, you are going to have to stick your card in the slot and vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this is the way it is sup-
posed to be. I don’t want a body where we all agree on everything all the time. I want a body where we are able to talk about those things that divide us and where we are able to unite around those things that unite us. 
One of those things, Mr. Speaker, is 
what my friend from Massachusetts said. We have been in a short-term ex-tension process for far too long. It has been a short-term extension process that has gone through both Republican and Democratic leaderships, Mr. Speaker. This is not a partisan prob-lem. This is an American problem. 
Today the Transportation Committee 
has crafted an American solution that, if we pass this rule, we will be able to consider. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am now really worried 
about what Speaker R YANmeant when 
he said that we were going to return to regular order, based on what my col-league, Mr. W
OODALL , just said as he 
defended the Boehner Congress, which, by the way, is the most closed Congress in the history of our Congress—more closed rules, over 180 closed rules. If you want to defend that process, fine. 
Not only the closed rules, but on 
major amendments, important issues were not even allowed to be brought up. We tried to debate the war—we are at war—and the Rules Committee, with the blessing of the leadership, wouldn’t even allow us to bring that to the House floor. Important issues are rou-tinely denied here. 
If your idea of regular order is still 
‘‘your way or the highway,’’ then I don’t think that much is going to be changed, just maybe the same menu, a different waiter, I guess. That is about what we can expect. I hope that is not the case. 
I think the record, not only how the 
Republicans have treated the minority with regard to important bills, but also to a lot of people on your own side, has been lousy. It has been a bad record. 
I am hoping that the new Speaker 
understands that and believes that this place could be better served if we have a more inclusive process, more regular order, and we respected our commit-tees. 
By the way, speaking of committees, 
the Transportation Committee didn’t see fit to put in a provision for bigger truck sizes and heavier trucks. That is the committee of jurisdiction. They didn’t do that. 
Mr. R
IBBLE has the right to bring his 
amendment. These other people have the right to bring their amendment. Members will have a whole 10 minutes to debate this. 
I would also say that not all amend-
ments are created equally. Some are more important than others. I think this is an amendment that is more im-portant than some of the sense of Con-gress language that we are going to be debating in terms of amendments later. 
But a whole 10 minutes and we are 
going to let the States decide. That is the retort from my colleague from Georgia. I get it. 
There are people in this House, espe-
cially on the Republican side, who think the States should control every-thing; that when it comes to civil rights or voting rights, let the States decide, and the Federal Government should have no role in guaranteeing that everybody in this country has their voting rights protected or their civil rights protected. I disagree with that. 
On this issue, it is an issue of safety. 
When the gentleman says that we are just trying to take these big trucks off these side roads, that is not true. These trucks still have to go on those small roads to do their deliveries. 
That is not going to change. They 
will still have to utilize those roads. On those side roads, I wish there weren’t 
these big trucks, but at least they are going slower than they will on an interstate highway. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
a letter from Andrew Matthews, chair-man of the National Troopers Coali-tion, representing 45,000 members, ask-ing us to oppose any amendment forc-ing States to allow heavier and longer trucks on our Nation’s highway. 
Every one of us here is saying please 
don’t do this, please don’t do this. We will have a whole 5 minutes to make the case against that amendment. 
NATIONAL TROOPERS COALITION , 
September 23, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ETER DEFAZIO, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER AND RANKING  
MEMBER DEFAZIO: On behalf of the National 
Troopers Coalition’s 45,000 members, we ask that you oppose any amendment forcing states to allow heavier and longer trucks on our nation’s highways when you consider the transportation reauthorization. Specifically, we urge you to vote against any amendments allowing the operation of 91,000 pound single tractor-trailers or double 33-foot tractor- trailers, replacing the twin 28-foot trailers in 
operation today. 
Troopers, every day, see the dangers these 
longer and heavier rigs pose to the motoring public and our officers. With heavier trucks, stopping distances increase threatening the motoring public and our Trooper members. And if ‘‘Twin 33s’’ become legal, this could ultimately replace 53-foot singles as one of the most commonly used configurations, adding a dangerous 17 feet in length to our already crowded highways. 
The transportation reauthorization bill 
should not include such a far-reaching policy change, especially following the release of the long-awaited USDOT truck size and weight study, which largely concluded that not enough data exists to make a clear rec-ommendation on changing any existing truck size and weight laws. 
The bottom line is bigger and heavier 
trucks make our roads and highways are un-safe due to, among other things, greater stopping distances and higher risk of roll-over. The National Troopers Coalition op-poses any changes to current truck size and weight laws and urges you to do the same. Should you have any questions or need any additional information, I can be reached. 
Thank you for your consideration. 
Sincerely, 
A
NDREW MATTHEWS , ESQ., 
Chairman. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the 
Teamsters Union, which most of these truck drivers are Teamsters, sent us a letter strongly urging us to oppose the Ribble amendment. Law enforcement, the drivers, all these safety coalitions say no; but a special interest comes in here and says they would like an ex-emption, and everybody Clambers to try to help them out. Know what you are voting for before you vote for this. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to call attention 
to an important safety provision in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.020 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7407 November 3, 2015 
Senate-passed DRIVE Act being consid-
ered by the House this week. 
I am pleased the House is working in 
a bipartisan manner to fix our Nation’s critical highway infrastructure needs. I want to bring attention to a key provi-sion which is included in the DRIVE Act that passed the Senate earlier this year. 
In 2004, two young sisters, Raechel 
and Jacqueline Houck, were killed just outside my district when their rented Chrysler PT Cruiser caught fire and crashed due to a defective steering component. The vehicle was not grounded or fixed before it was rented to the Houck sisters, despite having a safety recall notice issued a month be-fore the tragic accident. 
While today Federal law prohibits 
car dealers from selling new cars sub-ject to a recall, there is no similar law prohibiting rental car companies from renting out vehicles under a safety re-call. 
That is why I am so pleased the Sen-
ate included the text of my bill, H.R. 2198, the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act, into the DRIVE Act. 
This legislation is nothing more than 
a commonsense fix. It modifies existing law to prohibit rental car companies from renting a vehicle under recall until it has been fixed. Pure and sim-ple, consumers must be protected from renting cars that are subject to a safe-ty recall. 
This key provision does not only 
have bipartisan support in the House, but it is also supported by the rental car industry, consumer safety groups, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, General Motors, and Honda. 
Furthermore, a change.org petition 
calling for passage of this bill was started by Raechel and Jacqueline’s mother, Cally Houck. It has received signatures from over 180,000 consumers nationwide. 
I am disappointed that there may be 
attempts to strike this critical vehicle safety language from this final high-way bill. I believe such actions are mis-guided and would seriously undermine the tireless effort by Cally Houck and the families who have lost loved ones due to this clear defect in our safety laws. 
Therefore, as the House debates the 
highway bill this week, I urge my col-leagues to oppose any amendments to weaken or undermine this important bipartisan language. 
Let us honor the lives of Raechel and 
Jacqueline Houck by working together to enact a simple, yet meaningful solu-tion that will surely save lives in the future. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I certainly agree with my friend from 
Massachusetts that folks ought to know what they are talking about be-fore they come and vote on amend-ments. In fact, I think folks ought to know what they talk about when they even come down and talk about amend-
ments. I think that ought to be part of the thing. There is no point of order to stipulate that, but I believe it is an im-portant provision. 
I serve on the Transportation Com-
mittee, Mr. Speaker. So I have a vested interest in this. I have kind of a pride of authorship. We worked very hard on this. 
In my friend from Massachusetts’ 
opening statement, he thanked the chairman and the ranking member of the full committee and of the sub-committee. They call them the Big Four on that committee, Mr. Speaker, the Big Four. 
If you can get the Big Four to have 
an agreement, then you feel like you can get your amendment across the finish line because being a committee chairman means something. 
b1315 
Among the many amendments that 
we considered in committee were truck weight amendments, Mr. Speaker. I know this because I serve on that com-mittee. 
Did you know, today, Mr. Speaker, 
that we have first responder vehicles— fire trucks, for example—that are pro-hibited from getting on Federal high-ways because of this system? If you are in a crisis—if you are in a first re-sponder crisis—because of the wisdom of the Federal Government, the wisdom of this body, we have said: Do you know what? You probably shouldn’t get on the fastest and most direct route to respond to the crisis. We really need you to stay on the local roads. No interstate travel for you. 
That is just nonsense. That is abso-
lute nonsense. 
Good news, Mr. Speaker. We have 
folks here in this body who care about ferreting out the nonsense and putting a stop to it. So we considered that amendment in committee, and we passed that amendment in committee. If we pass this rule today, Mr. Speaker, we can change the law of the land to make that difference for people. 
This is a new day in terms of House 
leadership, Mr. Speaker. It is a new day. I am going to be interested to see whether we spend more time litigating the past or planning for the future. I am about looking forward. I am opti-mistic about tomorrow. I know it is going to be better than yesterday no matter how good yesterday was. This is the opportunity we have here together. 
Unanimous out of committee. Voiced 
out of the Rules Committee. This is the bill. I don’t want anybody to be con-fused. There is no civil rights legisla-tion in this bill today. This is a trans-portation bill. I don’t want anybody to be confused. We are not rolling back anything for anyone here today. This is a bipartisan—even better, non-partisan—transportation funding bill. I don’t want anybody to be confused today. This is something that Demo-crats failed to get done when they ran the show, and it is something Repub-licans failed to get done when they ran 
the show. Now we are all here together, getting it done. I think that is worth celebrating. 
I urge all of my colleagues to pass 
this rule so we can get to it and then support the underlying bill as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am going to urge that we defeat the 
previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that will restore and strengthen the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
We need to recommit ourselves to 
voter equality. This legislation would require Federal approval in some States for changes to voting practices that could be discriminatory. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, you 
will notice many of us are wearing ‘‘Restore the Vote’’ pins here today be-cause we are, quite frankly, appalled by what is going on in certain States in terms of taking away people’s right to vote. We find that offensive, and we think that there is a Federal obligation to guarantee that right, that we just can’t leave it up to the States. All of us in this country should have equal pro-tections under the law when it comes to voting. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Ms. S
EWELL ). 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of voting rights for all Americans. I was proud to stand alongside my fellow colleagues this morning to launch the Restore the Vote legislative strategy. 
This national effort will help mobi-
lize support for H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, a bill that I sponsored with Representatives J
UDYCHUand L INDA SA´NCHEZ in order 
to restore critical Federal oversight to jurisdictions which have a recent his-tory of voter discrimination. 
Since elections are held on Tuesdays, 
every Tuesday that Congress is in ses-sion, we will declare it to be ‘‘Restora-tion Tuesday.’’ Members of Congress will wear a ‘‘Restore the Vote’’ ribbon pin and will speak on the House floor about the importance of restoring and protecting voting rights for all Ameri-cans. Today is the first Restoration Tuesday, and I am honored to speak on behalf of H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act. 
Two years ago, Mr. Speaker, the Su-
preme Court in the Shelby case struck down the Federal preclearance. The Su-preme Court issued a challenge to Con-gress to develop a modern-day coverage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.022 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7408 November 3, 2015 
formula that looks at current discrimi-
natory acts by States and political ju-risdiction. The Voting Rights Advance-ment Act answers that challenge. 
The bill restores and advances the 
Voting Rights Act of 1965 by looking at recent voter discrimination practices since 1990. An entire State can be cov-ered by preclearance if 15 or more vot-ing violations occur in a State in the most recent 25-year period. This up-dated coverage formula ensures that 13 States, including my home State of Alabama, are required to obtain preclearance for changes in voting practices and laws. The 13 States that will be covered under this new formula include Alabama, Mississippi, Lou-isiana, Georgia, Florida, South Caro-lina, North Carolina, Arkansas, Ari-zona, Texas, New York, California, and Virginia. The bill also provides greater transparency in Federal elections by ensuring that voters get notice of changes in locations and of changes in voting practices. 
Put simply, the Voting Rights Ad-
vancement Act offers more voter pro-tection to more people in more States. 
Mr. Speaker, old battles have become 
new again. Since the Shelby decision, 33 States across this Nation have issued photo I.D. laws that have made it harder for vulnerable communities to vote, like our senior citizens, our young people, and the disabled. 
As a daughter of Selma, I am pain-
fully aware that the injustices suffered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge 50 years ago have not been fully vindicated. Just recently, my constituents were dealt a very devastating blow when Alabama closed 31 DMVs—that’s right, driver’s license offices—a State that had recently adopted one of the Na-tion’s harsher photo I.D. laws. This de-cision is completely unacceptable. These closures render it almost impos-sible for so many of my constituents to get the most popular form of photo I.D., which is a driver’s license. 
This DMV closure decision is just one 
example of modern-day barriers to vot-ing. While we no longer have to count marbles in a jar or recite the names of all of the counties, there are still laws and decisions that make it harder for people to vote. ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere,’’ Mar-tin Luther King once said. 
On March 7, 2015, I welcomed Presi-
dent and Mrs. Obama as well as Presi-dent Bush and Mrs. Bush, along with 100 Members of the House and the Sen-ate, to my hometown of Selma, Ala-bama, to commemorate the 50th anni-versary of the voting rights march from Selma to Montgomery. Mr. Speaker, it was a ‘‘kumbaya’’ moment when Republicans and Democrats gath-ered together in recognition of how far our Nation had come in living up to its ideals of justice and equality for all. 
The 50th commemoration of the 
marches from Selma to Montgomery must be so much more than just one day of reflection, Mr. Speaker. A single moment filled with colorful language and wonderful speeches is nice, and 
walking hand in hand across the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge is nice; but gone should be the days of ‘‘feel good’’ mo-ments that, in and of themselves, lead to no clear path to action. The Voting Rights Advancement Act is that ac-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, we are asking our colleagues, Demo-crats and Republicans, to join with us in supporting the Voting Rights Ad-vancement Act as Congress must act now to protect the rights of all Ameri-cans. 
The fate of our democracy depends 
upon its citizens having the unfettered right to vote. Our vote is our voice, and no voices should be silenced. We are asking everyone to join us in our ef-forts to make sure that we restore the vote to the voices of the excluded. To restrict the ability of any American to vote is an assault on all Americans’ rights to participate equally in the electoral process. 
I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 
2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
It is easy on a big bill like this to get 
confused about what is in it and what is not in it. I would refer folks to trans-port.house.gov. That is not just for Members of Congress, Mr. Speaker. Anybody across the country can access that. 
What you are going to find—and, 
again, what is an extraordinary success story that we have on the floor today— are all of these national priorities that we share. The bill refocuses funding on national priorities. It gets us back to the core of the original highway trust fund. It reforms the program, again, in a bipartisan—even nonpartisan—way to get the dollars on the ground faster to make a difference in people’s lives. 
Time is money, Mr. Speaker, whether 
you are shipping goods or whether you are sitting in traffic. It promotes inno-vation to bring some new ideas into the transportation infrastructure. We are getting ready for next generation roads, and that language is here: roads and bridges, public transportation, driver safety, truck and bus safety, hazardous materials. It is all in here. 
There are those bills in Congress 
where the more you read them, the more you think: ‘‘Man, what were those guys thinking?’’ This is one of those bills where the more you read it, you think: ‘‘How in the world did those guys get it done?’’ This is a success story, Mr. Speaker. It is worthy of all of my colleagues’ support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We need to pursue this in the manner 
we are doing it because, again, impor-tant issues like this don’t ever see the light of day in this House. We can’t 
talk about voting rights or vote on a bill to protect voting rights. We can’t vote on immigration reform because my friends are slaves to this majority rule on their side of the aisle. These are important issues, and we shouldn’t just leave them to the States in which people’s voting rights are being denied. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, August 6 
marked the 50th anniversary of the passage of the bipartisan Voting Rights Act of 1965, historic legislation that prevented State and local governments from denying any citizen the right to vote based on his race, ensuring equal voting rights for all. 
In 2013, the Supreme Court struck 
down a major provision of this law, se-verely limiting the Federal oversight of State voting laws. My home State of North Carolina passed the most egre-gious voting law in the Nation imme-diately after that decision, which slashed early voting, implemented strict voter I.D. requirements, and ended pre voter registration programs. Other States across the country fol-lowed suit and also implemented elec-tion laws that disenfranchised voters. 
All voters should be able to make 
their voices heard and elect leaders of their choice, and I am proud to join my colleagues today in renewing our call to repair America’s broken election system. 
I cosponsored the Voting Rights Ad-
vancement Act to help restore Federal oversight to jurisdictions which have a recent history of voter discrimination. This bill updates the coverage formula to ensure that States like North Caro-lina are required to obtain preclearance for changes to voting practices and procedures. It reaffirms 
our commitment to voter equality, and it creates additional pathways for voter access. Simply put, this bill pro-tects the right to vote. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important piece of legislation because every American deserves to have his voice heard. Every American deserves equal access to the ballot box, and every American deserves the right to vote. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). 
Mrs. BEATTY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, it is election day in 
Ohio. Right now, my constituents are casting ballots to decide their next local, State, and judicial elected offi-cials. Participating in our democratic process is not only a right, but it is a duty. Unfortunately, again, for many Americans, voting recently became more difficult in 2013. 
As you have heard my colleagues 
mention, Mr. Speaker, that is when the Supreme Court struck down key provi-sions of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.023 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7409 November 3, 2015 
in its Shelby v. Holder decision, mak-
ing it easier for States and localities to disenfranchise voters in areas that have a history of voter suppression. 
We shouldn’t roll back voting rights 
protections. Instead, we should honor the progress our country has made to ensure equal rights and equal treat-ment. 
Congress should immediately bring 
H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advance-ment Act of 2015, to the floor so all Americans may cast ballots to choose their leaders and their public servants. I am a cosponsor—no. Let me say I am a proud cosponsor of this bill, and it enjoys bipartisan support and leader-ship support in both the House and the Senate. 
Mr. Speaker, voting rights restora-
tion should happen now. On Tuesdays, I will proudly wear my pin for restoring the vote. Mr. Speaker, again, that is restoring the vote. 
b1330 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would 
ask my colleague if he has any further speakers remaining. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I am ready to close 
for our side. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in a few moments, I am 
going to offer an amendment to the rule. It has been worked out collabo-ratively with the minority. I said when I began that we were making almost 30 amendments in order, but we were no-where close to done. In fact, this amendment wants to make another 16 amendments in order right now. 
We are still going to go back to the 
Rules Committee and meet at 3 p.m. We are still going to make even more amendments in order, but this amend-ment will make an additional 16 amendments in order under this rule. It will make more time available for debate, Mr. Speaker. 
We want to make a technical fix to 
dispense with the reading of the Senate bill so that we can get directly into amendments. That is a standard proce-dure, but it was not in the base rule. 
Mr. Speaker, this is only going to 
make this rule better. I look forward to offering that amendment here in just a few moments. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. How much time do 
I have left, Mr. Speaker? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has 31⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by reit-
erating our call for Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can restore the vote. 
Only in this Republican-controlled 
House of Representatives is the notion of protecting everybody’s right to vote a radical idea. We see voter suppression efforts all across this country, and it is a Federal responsibility. It is a Federal responsibility, and we have got to live up to that responsibility. So I hope 
that my colleagues will vote ‘‘no,’’ so we can have this debate and we can have an up-or-down vote on this. 
Quite frankly, the committees of ju-
risdiction should have ruled this bill to the floor, and we should be having that debate. But I guess for political reasons my colleagues don’t see the benefit in moving this important legislation to the floor. We have an opportunity to do that today. 
Secondly, Mr. Speaker, I again want 
to commend Chairman S
HUSTER , Rank-
ing Member D EFAZIO, and their entire 
team for bringing us here today with a carefully crafted compromise, 6-year highway bill, which, I think, is abso-lutely imperative. Our States, our cit-ies, and our towns have been demand-ing this for a long, long time, and we are very close to making some progress. 
I would urge, like I did in my opening 
statement, we ought not to screw it up with a whole bunch of controversial amendments because some special in-terest PAC thinks it is a good idea. 
I will again reiterate my strong oppo-
sition, not only to the Ribble amend-ment, but to a whole bunch of other amendments that will allow bigger and heavier trucks on our Federal Inter-state Highway System. These are Fed-eral highways. Yes, it is a Federal re-sponsibility. It is a Federal responsi-bility. 
I would just remind my colleagues 
that the people who agree with me on this include the National Troopers As-sociation, the National Sheriffs’ Asso-ciation, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National Asso-ciation of Police Organizations, AAA, the National League of Cities, the Na-tional Association of Towns and Town-ships, the American Public Works As-sociation, The U.S. Conference of May-ors, Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways, Road Safe America, Brain Injury Association of America, Parents Against Tired Truckers, Advocates for Auto Safety, Trucking Alliance, the Teamsters, and the AFL–CIO. I can go on and on and on. 
The overwhelming opinion on this is 
that we should not go down the road of bigger and heavier trucks; yet we have got a special interest out there that says we should do it, and so all of a sudden Members are clamoring to do it. It would be a mistake. It would make our roads more dangerous. It will threaten the safety of passengers on our highways. It is a bad idea. 
Certainly, people ought to pay atten-
tion to what they are voting on before they come here and vote for this. Un-fortunately, we are not going to have the time to debate it because it is going to be 5 minutes on each side. I think it would be a threat to this bill, and I think that would be a huge mis-take. 
Let us respect the great work that 
has been done by the Transportation Committee. Let’s not load it up with a bunch of controversial provisions. This is about safety on our highways, first 
and foremost. If my colleagues don’t believe that, they ought to talk to the families who have lost loved ones in ac-cidents due to bigger and heavier trucks. They ought to talk to the driv-ers. They ought to talk to people who know what they are talking about and not rely on a particular special inter-est. 
Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can have this debate and a vote on protecting voting rights in this country to restore the vote. 
Let’s respect the work that the com-
mittee of jurisdiction has done here, but let’s vote ‘‘no’’ on these efforts to allow bigger and heavier trucks on our roads. For the sake of our constituents, for their safety, let us do the right thing and vote ‘‘no’’ on those amend-ments. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this is one of those days 
where I don’t think it is a rare moment of agreement; I think it is a typical moment of agreement. There are issues that divide us, and there are issues that unite us. Focusing on America’s infrastructure is one of those issues that unites us. 
I agreed with my friend from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Speaker, when he said he hoped in the new administration here in this House that we focused on fair-ness and respect. I think that is abso-lutely right. I think that is what the American people ask of us back home. 
I don’t particularly think that sug-
gesting that there are folks in this body who are moving amendments to the floor based on the bidding of spe-cial interests moves us in the direction of respect. In fact, I think it moves us in the opposite direction, Mr. Speaker. I don’t think suggesting there are those in this body who care about the individual safety of families in our dis-trict and those who don’t moves us in the direction of fairness or respect, Mr. Speaker. I think it moves us in the op-posite direction. That is the challenge that our new Speaker has. We are try-ing to get to regular order, trying to have all the voices heard, Mr. Speaker, but you have seen the complexity of that just here today. 
On the one hand, you have heard a 
passionate speech for why we shouldn’t be considering trucking amendments in a trucking bill; that there couldn’t pos-sibly be enough time to discuss truck-ing while dealing with trucks, why we shouldn’t possibly have an opportunity to bring experts together who have just passed a trucking bill to deal with more trucking issues. On the other hand, you heard a very passionate plea of why we should bring a Judiciary Committee legislative bill into the transportation bill. 
This bipartisan bill, this bill that has 
been worked out, this bill that has suc-ceeded where Congress after Congress after Congress has failed, you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.024 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7410 November 3, 2015 
heard a very passionate pitch to say, 
you know what, let’s take that trans-portation bill and let’s drop in a giant judiciary issue on top of it because that is regular order. It is not regular order. 
I don’t dispute that there is frustra-
tion in this body for the pace at which legislation moves. I share it. Mr. Speaker, I instigate it for Pete’s sake. I came here in the class of 2010. I want to get things done. As soon as we come together and get this done, by golly, we can go back to poking or kicking or talking or whatever it is that folks need to get done, but that is not this bill. 
This bill is a success. This process is 
a success. The openness of this process is something that we can all be proud of. It doesn’t just happen because Chairman S
ESSIONS and Ranking Mem-
ber S LAUGHTER come together in the 
Rules Committee, Mr. Speaker. It hap-pens because Chairman S
HUSTER and 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO came to-
gether in the Transportation Com-mittee. This is one of those moments that brings us together, not as a body, but as a nation, getting about the busi-ness that our constituents sent us here to do. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WOODALL  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to offer an amendment to the reso-lution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
On page 2, line 11, insert after the period: 
‘‘The first reading of the Senate amendment shall be dispensed with.’’. 
At the end of the first section, add the fol-
lowing: ‘‘The Senate amendment, as amend-ed, shall be considered as read.’’. 
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘S
EC. 7. The amendments specified in 
Rules Committee Print 114–33 shall be con-sidered as though printed in part B of House Report 114–325.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, that is 
35 amendments now. There are 35 amendments made in order by this rule. We will still go back at 3 o’clock this afternoon to find even more. That is the collaborative process that I am representing on the floor here today. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge strong 
support for the amendment, I urge strong support for the rule, and I urge strong support for the underlying reso-lution. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 507 O FFERED BY  
MR. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 7. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2867) to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the cri-teria for determining which States and polit-
ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 2867. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-
vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the amendment and on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question on the amendment and on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: 
Adoption of the amendment to House 
Resolution 507, if ordered; 
Adoption of House Resolution 507, if 
ordered; and 
The motion to suspend the rules on 
House Resolution 354. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 178, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 583] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.026 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7411 November 3, 2015 
Harris 
Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—178 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—14 
Brady (PA) 
Conyers Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee 
Jones Larson (CT) Meeks Richmond Speier 
Takai Yarmuth Yoder 
b1410 
Mrs. TORRES changed her vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. L AMALFA and JODY B. 
HICE of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution, as amended. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 248, nays 171, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 584] 
YEAS—248 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes 
Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—171 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.008 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7412 November 3, 2015 
Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—14 
Brady (PA) Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee Jones 
Larson (CT) Meeks Neugebauer Richmond Speier 
Takai Yarmuth Yoder 
b1419 
So the resolution, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
HOUSE REGARDING SAFETY AND SECURITY OF EUROPEAN JEWISH COMMUNITIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 354) expressing the sense of the House of Representa-tives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 418, nays 0, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 585] 
YEAS—418 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold 
Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts 
Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Brady (PA) Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee 
Larson (CT) Meeks Neugebauer Richmond Smith (NE) 
Speier Takai Yarmuth Yoder 
b1427 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 22. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ARDY ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 507 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 22. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1429 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the Senate amend-ments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, with Mr. S
IMPSON in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Senate amendment is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from 
Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
b1430 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Today is an exciting day for me be-
cause when I became chairman almost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.007 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7413 November 3, 2015 
3 years ago of the Transportation and 
Infrastructure Committee, one of my highest priorities was passing a multiyear bill to improve our Nation’s road, bridges, and transit systems. So I am very pleased that today the House is considering the Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, the STRR Act. 
I want to thank Chairman S
AM 
GRAVES and our Democratic counter-
parts, Ranking Members D EFAZIO and 
NORTON , for helping to develop this bi-
partisan bill. Thanks in part to their hard work and willingness to work to-gether, our committee unanimously approved the STRR Act 2 weeks ago. 
This bill is absolutely critical to 
America and our economy. Transpor-tation, in particular our surface trans-portation system, has a direct impact on our day-to-day quality of life. It af-fects how we get to work, how we get our kids home from school, and how much time we can spend with our fami-lies and friends instead of sitting in traffic. Transportation allows our country and our businesses to be com-petitive. Transportation is about sup-ply chain, raw materials getting to the factories, products getting to markets, and what we pay for goods; and it is fundamentally what the STRR Act is all about. 
To help put this legislation together, 
Mr. Chairman, our committee traveled to communities across this country and talked to transportation and busi-ness leaders about the need for this bill. What we heard is that our States and communities all have a variety of needs and that certainty over multiple years is necessary to address those needs. The STRR Act is a multiyear bill that provides that certainty for States and local governments. This bill helps improve our Nation’s infrastruc-ture and maintains a strong commit-ment to safety, but it also provides im-portant reforms that will help us con-tinue to do the job more effectively. 
Key provisions in this bill will 
refocus—and that is important—our transportation programs on national priorities, promote innovation to make our surface transportation system and programs work better, provide greater flexibility for State and local govern-ments to address their needs, stream-line the Federal bureaucracy, accel-erate the project approval process, and facilitate the flow of freight and com-merce. The STRR Act continues the Federal role in providing a strong na-tional transportation system, enables our country to remain economically competitive, and helps ensure our qual-ity of life. 
This bill has widespread support. We 
have received nearly 300 letters of sup-port from throughout the stakeholder community, including Governors, may-ors, cities, counties, AASHTO, Cham-ber of Commerce, National Association of Manufacturers, agriculture, con-struction industry, shippers, and many, many others. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge my 
colleagues to support this legislation and look forward to working with the 
Senate to get a final measure to the President. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Well, this has been a long time com-
ing, and I congratulate the full com-mittee chairman, the subcommittee chair, my ranking member, E
LEANOR  
HOLMES NORTON , and all the members 
of the committee for moving forward a good, bipartisan product. None of us got everything we wanted in that bill, but there is a lot of good policy in there. The funding still leaves a lot to be desired. 
It will begin to address the infra-
structure crisis in America. Mr. Chair-man, 140,000 bridges need substantial repair or replacement, and 40 percent of the road surface on the National Highway System has deteriorated to the point where you have to dig up the roadbed and rebuild the road, not just resurface it, and on our major transit systems, our legacy transit systems, $84 billion to bring them up to a state of good repair—$84 billion. It is so bad that they are actually killing people here in Washington, D.C., because of the decrepit nature of the mass transit system. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill will begin to 
deal with those issues. It will give the States a 6-year planning horizon so they can plan longer term projects. Longer term projects mean more bang for the buck and more jobs will be cre-ated. 
The bill also increases the percentage 
for Buy America so we will create more jobs here in America in the area of transit. In fact, the strongest Buy America requirements for all Federal procurement—much stronger than the Pentagon—are in transportation. So these dollars recirculate in our econ-omy. They employ Americans, and they subcontract with American small businesses. Those moneys recirculate in our communities and can create real growth and wealth. 
But as I mentioned earlier, we are 
still not certain whether there will be amendments allowed, and a number of Members have contributed to the Rules Committee proposals to increase fund-ing with one form or another of user fee. User fee has been the tradition since Dwight David Eisenhower said that this will be a self-funded program funded by gas tax. The Federal gas tax hasn’t gone up since 1993—18.3 cents a gallon. There are many meritorious proposals to change that in different ways, to index it, to have a temporary increase with a commission, a barrel tax, and a straight-up increase in the gas tax to have it catch up with infla-tion. There is a myriad of them out there, and I hope that some are allowed and that this body is allowed to work its will. 
Eight all-red States have raised their 
gas tax in the last year, and not a sin-gle State representative or senator has been recalled or lost their election be-
cause of it. The American people get it. If they don’t want to blow out their tires and break their rims in potholes, we need to invest. If they don’t want to be detoured around closed or weight- limited bridges, we need to invest. If they wonder whether they are going to get there alive or get there at all when they get on a mass transit system, we need to invest at every level. 
The investment is not what it should 
be in this bill, but there are many good policies. There are new, national, first- time-ever major freight and highway projects of national and regional im-portance. We need a focus on moving our freight more efficiently in this country. As I mentioned earlier, we are getting an increase in Buy America. We also reform the workforce retrain-ing programs which will create career pathways for minorities, women, vet-erans, individuals with disabilities, and low-income workers. 
It boosts funding for railway-high-
way grade crossings to save lives and improve safety, motor carrier safety grants, and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration grants. It en-sures higher standards for transit safe-ty, protects bus driver safety, and en-courages States to provide mental health and substance abuse treatment for DUI offenders. 
It improves safety for the transport 
of hazardous materials and provides critical protections for crude-by-rail shipments. It will provide more infor-mation for State emergency respond-ers, and it will require comprehensive— it is amazing we don’t have that now— oil spill response plans, and it will in-crease the safety of oil tank cars by re-quiring thermal blankets and other im-provements. 
All in all, there is much, much to 
commend in this bill. It also looks to the future, and it would put in $115 mil-lion to allow States to test new ways of raising the money necessary to rebuild, maintain, and improve the efficiency of our national transportation system, whether it would be vehicle miles trav-eled or other, new innovative ideas, and that is what we have got to look toward in the future. We cannot con-tinue just on a gas and diesel tax for-ever. 
So I, again, applaud the chairman, 
the subcommittee chairman, and my colleagues on the committee. I look forward to a long, robust, and open de-bate over amendments. Hopefully the bill will come out of that process im-proved and not damaged and will get broad support here on the floor of the House. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ), the subcommittee 
chairman on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. C APUANO for 
working with us on title VII of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.036 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7414 November 3, 2015 
bill, the Hazardous Materials Transpor-
tation Safety Improvement Act of 2015. 
Hazardous materials are the back-
bone of our industrial society, and these products are transported by all modes, used in every State, and distrib-uted worldwide. This title will signifi-cantly enhance the safety of moving these products. 
First, the title will significantly 
strengthen the safety of crude-by-rail shipments. After pushing DOT for years to update their regulations to make these train movements safer, DOT finally issued final regulations in May. However, the rule fell short in several areas, and, therefore, we have included several provisions to fix their shortcomings. 
We require all new tank cars car-
rying flammable liquids to have a ther-mal blanket, something DOT failed to do, something that is new in this bill. We also require the railroads to create oil spill emergency response plans similar to what pipeline operators are required to do. Additionally, we ensure that railroads continue to provide States and local emergency responders with information on crude-by-rail ship-ments within their States. 
Further, we included a provision at 
markup that fixes a loophole that would allow more than 35,000 legacy DOT–111 tank cars to remain in service in perpetuity. This provision will re-quire those cars be upgraded to in-crease the safety of our railroads. I be-lieve it will significantly improve the safety of hazardous materials transpor-tation, particularly the crude-by-rail shipments. 
Improving safety of crude-by-rail has 
been one of my top priorities as chair-man of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee, and I am pleased to be moving these provisions forward. 
We also make significant improve-
ments to DOT’s hazardous materials safety and grant programs. We stream-line and speed up the special permits and approvals process to give industry more certainty. We also reform an un-derutilized grant program to help States train more emergency respond-ers and better plan for incidents. 
Separately, this bill includes reforms 
that I have long championed and is based on legislation I authored, the NEPA Reciprocity Act. 
Local governments in States with en-
vironmental laws equal to or more stringent than NEPA will have the ability to complete one comprehensive environmental review. This will elimi-nate duplicative environmental re-views and save millions of dollars and years in project delivery time while still ensuring appropriate steps are taken to mitigate the environmental impact. This reform is bipartisan and supported by the National Association of Counties. 
Finally, an amendment I offered in 
committee is included in this. It en-courages the development of pollinator habitat along roadsides and rights-of- way. Pollinators are essential to a vi-
brant and productive farm industry and for the health and welfare of our Nation’s food supply. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the good, 
bipartisan reforms in this legislation. Again, I want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and 
Ranking Member C APUANO for the 
many improvements to this bill. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
4 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, E
LEANOR HOLMES  
NORTON , the ranking member. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my good friend and—in this enter-prise—my partner, along with the in-formal partnership we made with our Republican chairs. And that is what it has been: an informal partnership with Members and also with staff. 
I want to recognize the countless 
hours of staff time that went into what is really, in many ways, a complicated bill. The four of us are cosponsors, original cosponsors, of this bill, indi-cating its bipartisan nature. 
Because Ranking Member D
EFAZIO 
has gone down many of the important parts of the bill, I want to speak to 
three or four that I think are of par-ticular significance. 
Let’s start with funding. We under-
stand that funding is at the core of any transportation, transit, and infrastruc-ture bill. We also understand that there may be barely enough funding to get through 2
1⁄2years and that this is a 
6-year bill in name and intent only, but it does amount to a 6-year promise, and we must keep that promise. 
I appreciate that this bill is on the 
floor this week because States have so little money that they have virtually ceased beginning major projects, and those are the projects that they most need. The States will be disappointed that the funding is essentially the same as it was in the prior bill, MAP– 21, except for inflation, which, of course, has been virtually nonexistent. But they will be grateful for what this bill provides for the immediate future, unlike our short-term reauthoriza-tions. 
b1445 
The shortcomings of this bill should 
not obscure what makes this bill unique. It is genuinely bipartisan. It was approved unanimously in com-mittee. When does that happen in this Congress? Democrats and Republicans put aside their many differences, giv-ing up much of what they believe they need. I hope this bill will be a model for how to proceed in the future. 
Let me say a word about major 
projects. The administration had a ‘‘Projects of National Significance’’ section in its bill. We have a different major projects section, but it is some-what comparable. It is meant for trans-formational investments of the kind that are solely needed throughout the United States: megaprojects. Now States will compete for the funding. 
What is also important in this pro-
gram of national significance is that it includes freight. For the first time, I 
think, this bill recognizes that what-ever we do with transportation and in-frastructure, we should have in mind its intermodal connections, and freight is a very important part of those con-nections. 
I want to mention a 21st-century ap-
proach to the highway trust fund, a provision I especially pressed for. I re-gard this provision as a provision of overriding importance. When I say a 21st-century highway trust fund, I mean a trust fund that lasts or can last for 6 years. We are still in the throes of a 1950s highway trust fund. In the last authorization bill, we did nothing to move forward to update the trust fund. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. DeFAZIO. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 2 minutes. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
for yielding. 
The States have done spade work, 
however, Oregon, Washington, Cali-fornia. So there is $20 million to en-courage them to do more. We know what some of these experiments are, vehicle miles, et cetera. Think of new ways. We need to encourage this exper-iment if we are to fund the trust fund in the future. 
Another one of my priorities which is 
relevant to every State is in this bill, and that is the takeover of the DC–MD– VA Metrorail by the Department of Transportation. That was envisioned in MAP–21. It is not very unusual. 
In addition, this bill authorizes the 
so-called minority business contract DBE Program, which is available to ra-cial and ethnic minorities, women and service-disabled veterans. They are the only groups which under the Constitu-tion may obtain this special recogni-tion. The bill enhances Buy America. It has workforce development. It en-hances the safety of bus riders and of bus drivers. 
There is $40 million here to encour-
age State-based efforts to combat ra-cial profiling and we have seen people in the streets for that one. I am so pleased that there was bipartisan sup-port for that and other provisions. 
I look forward to the continuation of 
the bipartisan partnership we have had as we go forward to the Senate to produce a comprehensive bipartisan, bicameral bill. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ), the vice chairman 
of the full committee and the chair of two critical panels, the P3 panel and the freight movement panel, that de-veloped a lot of what is in this bill. I appreciate his work on that. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. I want to con-gratulate and thank Chairman S
HU-
STER for his great leadership of our 
committee and especially his hard work on this legislation. I also want to thank my friend, Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, for his great work on this 
bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.037 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7415 November 3, 2015 
I rise, Mr. Chairman, in strong sup-
port of this very important legislation, this major legislation, that will reau-thorize our highway and transit pro-grams. 
We have spent megabillions rebuild-
ing the Middle East over the last 15 years, and I am so pleased that we are now doing major legislation to help re-build America. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
ranking member for including a num-ber of provisions in this bill that I have requested and I think are very impor-tant. 
First, I want to thank them for the 
environmental streamlining provisions that we have worked on for so long on our committee to try to speed up major projects and bring down their costs so that we can do more good things for this country. 
Secondly, I am very pleased that 
many of the recommendations from the special panels on freight transpor-tation and on public-private partner-ships, the panels that the chairman just mentioned that he gave me the privilege of chairing, were included in this bill. 
Third, I am pleased that this bill ex-
tends the current provisions of law that prevent the use of Federal funds for red light cameras. Many local gov-ernments have used these cameras sim-ply as revenue measures without actu-ally making any improvements in safe-ty. 
Fourth, this bill directs the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration to conduct a study on the waiting times for skills testing for truck driv-ers after going through truck driving courses. 
In some States, these wait times 
have become very long, and most grad-uates cannot afford to wait a long time to take these tests. We already have a shortage of truck drivers. 
This part of the legislation will help 
improve or do something about that shortage that the trucking companies have so much difficulty with at this time finding adequate personnel. 
Finally, this bill includes provisions 
of legislation that I have introduced that clarifies hiring standards for freight brokers. I will have a technical amendment to this section later to make sure that small trucking compa-nies are not hurt and that they also will be helped by this provision. 
I simply want to close by saying that 
I support this legislation which will improve the safety of our highways, create thousands of jobs in this coun-try, and help reduce congestion all across this Nation. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the 
Surface Transportation Reauthoriza-tion bill. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for de-veloping a bipartisan bill that is gen-
erally balanced and makes significant improvements in some key areas. 
I am concerned that the funding lev-
els in the bill are simply not high enough. We have an almost $1 trillion backlog on our highways, bridges, rail, and transit system, yet this bill pro-vides flat funding of just $325 billion over 6 years. Finding bipartisan con-sensus on revenue is challenging, but I am confident that a majority in Con-gress would support funding higher- than-baseline levels with small in-creases for inflation. 
Despite the funding challenges, the 
bill makes a major improvement by creating the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects pro-gram, which will provide guaranteed dedicated funding for large-scale multimodal projects critical to our re-gional and national economy. 
This was a key recommendation of 
the freight panel on which I was rank-ing member with Mr. D
UNCAN as chair-
man. It is essential that we assist projects that are too big or complex for States to address on their own. 
We made some progress in 
SAFETEA–LU and MAP–21, but this bill finally gets it right and corrects decades of neglect by providing guaran-teed funding for multimodal freight projects. 
There is an aggregate cap of $500 mil-
lion on non-highway projects, which equals about 11 percent of the program. This seems arbitrarily low, given that 25 to 30 percent of the bill is funded through general revenue. 
We should let all projects compete 
and not dilute the selection process with caps and set-asides. But the freight program created in this bill is a groundbreaking achievement. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-
ber D EFAZIO for their commitment. 
On transit, there are good provisions 
in the bill on transit worker safety and workforce development. I oppose drop-ping the New Starts Federal share from 80 percent to 50 percent. There is a similar provision dropping the Federal share to 50 percent in the freight grant program. 
This is a developing trend that is 
shifting the burden to States and local-ities and punishing them for our failure to adequately invest in infrastructure. There are provisions restricting the use for various transportation programs for transit projects, which we hope to correct through the amendment proc-ess later today. 
There are some objectionable provi-
sions regarding environmental stream-lining and motor carrier safety, but I am pleased that the bill does not broadly increase truck size or weights. I will oppose any amendments to add such dangerous poison pills. 
Overall, this bill is balanced, and I 
support moving it forward. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-
ber D EFAZIO for working with us to de-
fend and improve the bill as it moves through the process. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. G
RAVES ), the subcommittee 
chairman on Highways and Transit. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, I want to commend the chairman and ranking member for their ability and, for that matter, all my colleagues on the committee for our ability to be able to work together and come up with what I think is a truly good bill. 
I rise in support of the Surface 
Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act. 
The bill reauthorizes programs with-
in the Federal Highway Administration and provides much-needed investments in our Nation’s highways and bridges. 
It also focuses existing funding to 
create a Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program for large-scale projects while making a large number of reforms that will en-sure our transportation dollars are put to good use. 
These include streamlining the envi-
ronmental review and permitting proc-ess, converting the Surface Transpor-tation Program to a block grant pro-gram, maximizing the flexibility for States and local governments, increas-ing the amount of funding that is dis-tributed to local governments, expand-ing funding for rural bridges or those bridges that are off the National High-way System, increasing transparency regarding how Federal highway dollars are being spent, increasing the focus on safety programs particularly of rural roads, and encouraging the installation of vehicle-to-infrastructure equipment designed to reduce congestion and im-prove safety on our roads. 
This legislation also reauthorizes 
Federal public transportation pro-grams and implements reforms that are going to ensure transit systems are safer and more efficient. 
The safety of our transportation sys-
tem must always be at the top of our 
priority list. By giving States the flexi-bility to focus on the safety needs unique to each community, we can allow them to take advantage of new technologies that are going to reduce accidents and roadway fatalities across this country. We can maintain a focus on safety without imposing undue and duplicative regulatory burdens on States. 
This bill requires the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration to re-view regulations every 5 years to en-sure they are current, consistent, and uniformly enforced, allowing us to focus on policies that save lives and abandon those that do not. It also re-quires FMCSA to look into the effects of raising minimum insurance stand-ards for truck and bus drivers. 
I am proud to have been a part of the 
development of this bipartisan bill. I look forward to moving forward and going to conference with the Senate. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, first of all, I want to thank the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.038 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7416 November 3, 2015 
committee leadership for developing a 
fair bill that addresses many of the most pressing needs of our country. Particularly, I want to thank Mr. S
HU-
STER and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
This important legislation includes a 
critical freight grant program, but we need to ensure that all modes of trans-portation are treated equally in the program and should remove any caps 
on funding for these entities. 
It also continues the Transportation 
Alternatives Program, TAP, and cre-ates a new non-motorized safety grant program, which is critical to my home State of Florida, where several cities have the highest pedestrian fatality rates in the Nation. 
Transportation is the backbone of 
our country. Unfortunately, without critically needed additional funding, we are robbing Peter to pay Paul and forcing our State and local transpor-tation agencies to pay more. 
Like most Members and stake-
holders, I miss the past when our com-mittee developed long-term bills with dedicated funding that gave States, local governments, and other transpor-tation stakeholders some stability to plan for future transportation needs and make the investment in equipment and manpower needed to implement these projects. 
Transportation and infrastructure 
funding is absolutely critical to our Nation and, if properly funded, serves as a tremendous economic boost and job creator. In fact, Department of Transportation statistics show that for every billion dollars invested in trans-portation, it generates 44,000 perma-nent jobs and $6.2 billion in economic activity. 
We are no longer competing, as 
States; we are competing with China, Japan, and the European Union, all of whom are spending much more on transportation and infrastructure than the United States. We are the caboose, and they don’t even use cabooses any-more. 
Sadly, the Republican leadership 
lacks real vision. Without vision, the people perish. The traveling public is pleading with Congress to make trans-portation and infrastructure a priority. When this happens, we can put millions of hardworking Americans back to work fixing our Nation’s crumbling in-frastructure and preparing our country for the future. 
b1500 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. H ANNA ), who, I believe, still 
has his CDL or Operating Engineering License. 
Mr. HANNA. I thank the chairman. And I still have my union card. Mr. Chairman, this long-term bill 
represents years of work from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and it is a credit to the leadership of both Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to high-
light two provisions: First, this bill restores the ability of 
States to use up to 10 percent of their funds to capitalize State Infrastructure Banks. These banks free up capital to invest in projects in smaller commu-nities where funding and resources are otherwise unavailable; 
Second, it authorizes a pilot program 
to allow younger CDL holders to drive across State lines. 
Every State but Hawaii allows 18- 
year-olds to obtain a CDL and drive a truck, but Federal law prevents them from crossing State borders. In New York, an 18-year-old can drive nearly 500 miles from Buffalo to Long Island, yet cannot drive the 15 miles across the border from Binghamton to Pennsyl-vania. 
This provision will create opportuni-
ties for good-paying jobs, and it sup-ports local economies while keeping our roads safe. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ne-
vada (Mr. H ARDY ). 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I stand 
to address the importance of long-term funding within the transportation sec-tor of our economy. 
As a former general contractor who 
built roads, bridges, and dams, I under-stand how uncertainty can derail the ability to plan and design. 
Transportation planning decisions 
are not made that cover the timeframe of a month, and transportation plan-ning decisions are not made for the timeframe that cover a year. Transpor-tation and infrastructure planning de-cisions are made to stretch out over years. I am talking about master plan-ning. These are decisions that reach out to 5, 10, and even 15 years. 
This bill addresses the long-term 
needs of our country. It speaks to the multiyear planners—the States that are planning years in advance for major infrastructure projects. We can’t operate on short-term fixes. We can’t continue to kick these important deci-sions down the road. We can’t operate on short-term patches. Jobs are not created through interim and stopgap bills. Our country needs this certainty. Our citizens deserve this certainty. 
This bill does just that: it plans for 
the future, and it provides for cer-
tainty. It contains many great provi-sions: from the crucial extension of Interstate 11 from the city of Las Vegas north to I–80 in northern Ne-vada, to returning flexibility to all States. 
This bill demonstrates the bipartisan 
nature of this body in Congress. This committee worked across the aisle to form solid language on issues that are, in nature, bipartisan. I hope we can continue this momentum well beyond the debate and bring certainty to this House, to our States, and to our coun-try. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate my 
colleague’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this. 
Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate what 
the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is doing. I feel a bit empty in no longer being on the committee. That is why I try and show up as often as I can when you have things on the floor. There is a soft spot in my heart for the committee, and it is nice to see a S
HUSTER again chairing the com-
mittee. 
I appreciate your moving forward to 
try and call the question. Yours has been a difficult task because the com-mittee on which I sit, the Ways and Means Committee, has yet to address, in a comprehensive way, the long-term funding. Your job is made much more difficult because you are forced to deal with paying for 2015 infrastructure through 2021 with 1993 dollars, and it doesn’t much work. 
In a few minutes, I will be offering to 
the Rules Committee legislation that I have introduced that is supported by the AFL–CIO, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, truckers, AAA, bicyclists, engineers, local government—the widest array of alliances supporting a major piece of legislation here on Cap-itol Hill. I am not extremely confident that it will be made in order, but I think it is something that should. 
Unless and until we deal with adjust-
ing the user fee, we are going to con-tinue dealing with cats and dogs, short- term fixes, having uncertainty, and de-stroying the principle of user pays, which has been undergirding transpor-tation finance in this country since Or-egon gave you the first gas tax dedi-cated to transportation in 1919. 
I must say that I appreciate the com-
mittee looking at transportation for the future. At a time when the number one area of employment for American men is as drivers, we are about to see dramatic changes in technology, in uti-lization that is going to change the landscape. 
I appreciate the committee exploring 
areas of technological innovation. These are areas in which we must ac-celerate our work lest we be overcome by circumstances. It is a tremendous opportunity for us to get more value out of the transportation system with more safety, to get more efficient, and to be able to open up a whole array of economic opportunities. If we don’t get ahead of it, it is going to be very dis-ruptive. 
I must say I am a little dismayed 
that the bill proposes flat funding for 
something near and dear, I think, to the hearts of a number of us in dealing with pedestrian and cycling activities. We can do better than that, and I hope, through the amendment process and the give-and-take between the House and the Senate, particularly if we are able to give you the funding you need, we can remedy that. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.039 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7417 November 3, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. In the mean-
time, I appreciate what has been done, the manner in which it has been ap-proached, and the effort to try and bring people together. 
Historically, infrastructure was 
something that was bipartisan in na-ture, that made people feel good about the process; and it is, of course, the fastest way to put millions of Ameri-cans to work at family-wage jobs while they improve communities from coast to coast. I look forward to working with the committee as it works its way through the process to make it the best that we can for the multiple objectives that we all share. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from up-state New York (Mr. K
ATKO ), a new 
member of the committee and one of our hardest working members. 
Mr. KATKO. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to support 
the Surface Transportation Reform and Reauthorization Act. 
This legislation is a product of hard 
work, done in a bipartisan manner, and it will give State and local govern-ments some funding certainty for the first time in a long time. 
The bill makes important reforms 
that will speed up planning and permit-ting, that will give State and local gov-ernments increased control over trans-portation funds, that will help deal with freight bottlenecks, and that will provide new avenues to finance projects. After 35 short-term exten-sions to transportation programs since 2009, this long-term bill is exactly what we need. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for the 
hard work they have put in to building a bipartisan consensus around this bill on the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, and I hope the full House will join with us today to move this very important legislation for-ward. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from southern California (Mrs. M
IMIWAL-
TERS ), another new and hardworking 
Member. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 22. 
As a member of the House Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure Committee, I have had the pleasure of working with Chairman S
HUSTER to put forth a fis-
cally responsible, long-term bill that will fund our Nation’s transportation and infrastructure needs. 
This bill includes provisions which 
would make our highway system more efficient, direct more power and flexi-bility to States and local governments, cut through bureaucratic red tape, and maintain a strong commitment to safe-ty. 
The importance of our surface trans-
portation system cannot be overstated. It is an integral part of our economic 
engine, and it is vital to our Nation’s movement of goods. In fact, a signifi-cant number of consumer goods move through my congressional district, which provides transportation connectivity between the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach and other cit-ies throughout the region. This bill will ensure the safe and efficient move-ment of freight throughout southern 
California and the rest of the country. 
I am pleased to stand before you 
today in support of this bill, which will ultimately improve the overall quality of life for all Americans. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from northern Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the chair-
man. 
I would like to reiterate my thanks 
to the chairman and to everyone on the committee for working with so many Members on this bipartisan surface transportation reauthorization, which is very important legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, included in this bill is 
a provision that is vital not only to the entire national capital region but also to my district. It contains the text of the Protect Riders of Metrorail Public Transportation Act, which is the prod-uct of collaborative efforts between Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. E DWARDS of Maryland, 
and me. 
The language facilitates a necessary 
change to the safety oversight struc-ture of the Washington Metrorail sys-tem in the wake of recent accidents and incidents, safety problems, and problems in the reliability of the sys-tem. It does so by reinforcing and ex-panding the authority of the Secretary to use the Federal Transit Administra-tion to directly oversee Metro and to provide safety and reliability to our commuters. 
Our Metro is the second busiest tran-
sit system in the country, and it must be the gold standard in safety as well as in reliability because it serves our entire Federal workforce as well as our many visitors to this important na-tional capital region. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Again, I thank the 
chairman, and I thank everyone in-volved in this important legislation, of which I am happy to rise in support. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. R
OKITA ). 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank Chairman S HU-
STER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and 
the chairmen and ranking members of the subcommittees for their excellent work on this. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the cer-
tainty, flexibility, and power this legis-lation gives back to our States, and I look forward to supporting it. I would like to focus on a voluntary, 
multiple-use program that is in this bill. It is an innovative way to give States more flexibility that is com-mensurate with the design of this bill. 
Critical commerce corridors, other-
wise known as CCCs, use our existing interstate system to provide for the physical separation of passenger vehi-cles from commercial motor vehicles, dedicated on-and-off ramps, and freight exchange centers for the movement of freight between and among modes of transportation. These lanes are con-structed with a physical separation of passenger and commercial motor freight, and they would be structurally enhanced to handle dedicated freight traffic. This promotes a greater level of safety while making the movement of freight traffic more efficient. 
Unfortunately, this very definition of 
‘‘CCC’’ isn’t in the bill’s language, al-though committee staff have been working on it in a very bipartisan man-ner, and I thank them for it. 
Mr. Chairman, you have heard on 
multiple occasions what CCCs are. Is this program something that you and other leaders who have worked on this bill can support? 
I yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). 
Mr. SHUSTER. I look forward to 
working with the gentleman on this language and moving it to conference. 
It sounds to me like you have put a 
lot of work into it, and I look forward to continuing that work in Congress. 
Mr. ROKITA. Reclaiming my time, I 
appreciate that, Mr. Chairman. 
It is important for Congress to give 
the term ‘‘critical commerce corridor’’ meaning. We have seen the dangers of leaving terms undefined and of relying on the agency to create a definition that could be nowhere near what Con-gress intended. 
Again, I thank the chairman and the 
ranking member for all of their hard work. 
Indiana is known as the Crossroads of 
America, and the CCC concept actually comes from Indiana and, in part, Pur-due Universities. I thank the chairman for his commitment that the critical commerce corridor concept is defined appropriately in the legislation as we go through the process. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
Mr. HULTGREN. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, first, I would like to 
acknowledge the difficult and chal-lenging job Chairman S
HUSTER and the 
committee have had in crafting this bill. I commend his leadership and hard work on this critically important bill. 
This bill dedicates grant funding to 
freight and highway projects of na-tional significance. Though this pro-gram is of vital importance to projects in our districts, there appears to be a bias on how the vast majority of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.054 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7418 November 3, 2015 
have been awarded by the U.S. Depart-
ment of Transportation, and suburban projects appear to often be ignored. 
For instance, H.R. 3763 converts the 
Surface Transportation Program, or STP, to a grant program with the in-tention of allowing States added flexi-bility in receiving funding for local projects. I ask the chairman to be mindful of the distribution of such funding levels as it pertains to subur-ban projects. 
Understanding the difficult choices 
the chairman has had to make to get this bill through the House, I would ask that, as this bill moves to con-ference, we work together to find some level of equitable distribution of Fed-eral funds to suburban areas. 
I yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). 
Mr. SHUSTER. I will continue to 
work with the gentleman on this issue as it moves to conference. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Reclaiming my 
time, I thank the chairman for his re-sponse and for his leadership on the committee, and I look forward to work-ing with him on this important issue. 
b1515 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I don’t be-
lieve we have any more speakers left. 
How many minutes do we each have? The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania has 9 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Oregon has 10
1⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I am ready to close. 
So I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, as I said 
earlier, this bill at this point is an ex-cellent product policy-wise. We will vigorously debate improvements and potentially problematic amendments over the next 2 days and, hopefully, have a similar or an improved product in the end. Whether or not we will be allowed to attempt to augment the funding remains to be seen. 
With that, we are off to a good start. 
I look forward to the coming debate. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I am 
sure I can count on the gentleman from Oregon to continue his vigorous debate on the issues we have had for months. 
Again, the STRR Act is absolutely 
critical to America and to our econ-omy. It is a good bipartisan bill that has widespread support. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage all Mem-
bers to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the Senate 
amendment shall be considered for amendment under the 5-minute rule. 
The amendment printed in part A of 
House Report 114–325 is adopted. The Senate amendment, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
The text of the Senate amendment, 
as amended, is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and 
insert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Developing a 
Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act’’ or the ‘‘DRIVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; 
TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into 9 
divisions as follows: 
(1) Division A–Federal-aid Highways and 
Highway Safety Construction Programs. 
(2) Division B–Public Transportation. (3) Division C–Comprehensive Transportation 
and Consumer Protection Act of 2015. 
(4) Division D–Freight and Major Projects. (5) Division E–Finance. (6) Division F–Miscellaneous. (7) Division G–Surface Transportation Exten-
sion. 
(8) Division H–Budgetary Effects. (9) Division I–Export-Import Bank of the 
United States. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table 
of contents. 
Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Effective date. 
DIVISION A—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
AND HIGHWAY SAFETY CONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
Sec. 11001. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 11002. Obligation ceiling. Sec. 11003. Apportionment. Sec. 11004. Surface transportation program. Sec. 11005. Metropolitan transportation plan-
ning. 
Sec. 11006. Statewide and nonmetropolitan 
transportation planning. 
Sec. 11007. Highway use tax evasion projects. Sec. 11008. Bundling of bridge projects. Sec. 11009. Flexibility for certain rural road and 
bridge projects. 
Sec. 11010. Construction of ferry boats and 
ferry terminal facilities. 
Sec. 11011. Highway safety improvement pro-
gram. 
Sec. 11012. Data collection on unpaved public 
roads. 
Sec. 11013. Congestion mitigation and air qual-
ity improvement program. 
Sec. 11014. Transportation alternatives. Sec. 11015. Consolidation of programs. Sec. 11016. State flexibility for National High-
way System modifications. 
Sec. 11017. Toll roads, bridges, tunnels, and fer-
ries. 
Sec. 11018. HOV facilities. Sec. 11019. Interstate system reconstruction and 
rehabilitation pilot program. 
Sec. 11020. Emergency relief for federally owned 
roads. 
Sec. 11021. Bridges requiring closure or load re-
strictions. 
Sec. 11022. National electric vehicle charging 
and natural gas fueling corridors. 
Sec. 11023. Asset management. Sec. 11024. Tribal transportation program 
amendment. 
Sec. 11025. Nationally significant Federal lands 
and Tribal projects program. 
Sec. 11026. Federal lands programmatic activi-
ties. 
Sec. 11027. Federal lands transportation pro-
gram. 
Sec. 11028. Innovative project delivery. Sec. 11029. Obligation and release of funds. 
Subtitle B—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
Sec. 11101. Categorical exclusion for projects of 
limited Federal assistance. 
Sec. 11102. Programmatic agreement template. Sec. 11103. Agency coordination. Sec. 11104. Initiation of environmental review 
process. Sec. 11105. Improving collaboration for acceler-
ated decision making. 
Sec. 11106. Accelerated decisionmaking in envi-
ronmental reviews. 
Sec. 11107. Improving transparency in environ-
mental reviews. 
Sec. 11108. Integration of planning and envi-
ronmental review. 
Sec. 11109. Use of programmatic mitigation 
plans. 
Sec. 11110. Adoption of Departmental environ-
mental documents. 
Sec. 11111. Technical assistance for States. Sec. 11112. Surface transportation project deliv-
ery program. 
Sec. 11113. Categorical exclusions for 
multimodal projects. 
Sec. 11114. Modernization of the environmental 
review process. 
Sec. 11115. Service club, charitable association, 
or religious service signs. 
Sec. 11116. Satisfaction of requirements for cer-
tain historic sites. 
Sec. 11117. Bridge exemption from consideration 
under certain provisions. 
Sec. 11118. Elimination of barriers to improve 
at-risk bridges. 
Sec. 11119. At-risk project preagreement author-
ity. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
Sec. 11201. Credits for untaxed transportation 
fuels. 
Sec. 11202. Justification reports for access 
points on the Interstate System. 
Sec. 11203. Exemptions. Sec. 11204. High priority corridors on the Na-
tional Highway System. 
Sec. 11205. Repeat intoxicated driver law. Sec. 11206. Vehicle-to-infrastructure equipment. Sec. 11207. Relinquishment. Sec. 11208. Transfer and sale of toll credits. Sec. 11209. Regional infrastructure accelerator 
demonstration program. 
Sec. 11210. Sonoran Corridor Interstate develop-
ment. 
TITLE II—TRANSPORTATION INNOVATION 
Subtitle A—Research 
Sec. 12001. Research, technology, and edu-
cation. 
Sec. 12002. Intelligent transportation systems. Sec. 12003. Future interstate study. Sec. 12004. Researching surface transportation 
system funding alternatives. 
Subtitle B—Data 
Sec. 12101. Tribal data collection. 
Sec. 12102. Performance management data sup-
port program. 
Subtitle C—Transparency and Best Practices 
Sec. 12201. Every Day Counts initiative. 
Sec. 12202. Department of Transportation per-
formance measures. 
Sec. 12203. Grant program for achievement in 
transportation for performance and innovation. 
Sec. 12204. Highway trust fund transparency 
and accountability. 
Sec. 12205. Report on highway trust fund ad-
ministrative expenditures. 
Sec. 12206. Availability of reports. Sec. 12207. Performance period adjustment. Sec. 12208. Design standards. 
TITLE III—TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS 
Sec. 13001. Transportation Infrastructure Fi-
nance and Innovation Act of 1998 amendments. 
TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
Sec. 14001. Technical corrections. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
Sec. 15001. Appalachian development highway 
system. 
Sec. 15002. Appalachian regional development 
program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.042 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7419 November 3, 2015 
Sec. 15003. Water infrastructure finance and in-
novation. 
Sec. 15004. Administrative provisions to encour-
age pollinator habitat and forage on transportation rights-of-way. 
Sec. 15005. Study on performance of bridges. Sec. 15006. Sport fish restoration and rec-
reational boating safety. 
DIVISION B—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
TITLE XXI—FEDERAL PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION ACT 
Sec. 21001. Short title. 
Sec. 21002. Definitions. Sec. 21003. Metropolitan transportation plan-
ning. 
Sec. 21004. Statewide and nonmetropolitan 
transportation planning. 
Sec. 21005. Urbanized area formula grants. Sec. 21006. Fixed guideway capital investment 
grants. 
Sec. 21007. Mobility of seniors and individuals 
with disabilities. 
Sec. 21008. Formula grants for rural areas. Sec. 21009. Research, development, demonstra-
tion, and deployment program. 
Sec. 21010. Private sector participation. Sec. 21011. Innovative procurement. Sec. 21012. Human resources and training. Sec. 21013. General provisions. Sec. 21014. Project management oversight. Sec. 21015. Public transportation safety pro-
gram. 
Sec. 21016. State of good repair grants. Sec. 21017. Authorizations. Sec. 21018. Grants for bus and bus facilities. Sec. 21019. Salary of Federal Transit Adminis-
trator. 
Sec. 21020. Technical and conforming amend-
ments. 
DIVISION C—COMPREHENSIVE TRANSPOR-
TATION AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 31001. Short title. 
Sec. 31002. References to title 49, United States 
Code. 
Sec. 31003. Effective date. 
TITLE XXXI—OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
Subtitle A—Accelerating Project Delivery 
Sec. 31101. Delegation of authority. 
Sec. 31102. Infrastructure Permitting Improve-
ment Center. 
Sec. 31103. Accelerated decision-making in envi-
ronmental reviews. 
Sec. 31104. Environmental review alignment 
and reform. 
Sec. 31105. Multimodal categorical exclusions. Sec. 31106. Improving transparency in environ-
mental reviews. 
Sec. 31107. Local transportation infrastructure 
program. 
Sec. 31108. Authorization of grants for positive 
train control. 
Subtitle B—Research 
Sec. 31201. Findings. 
Sec. 31202. Modal research plans. Sec. 31203. Consolidated research prospectus 
and strategic plan. 
Sec. 31204. Research Ombudsman. Sec. 31205. Smart cities transportation planning 
study. 
Sec. 31206. Bureau of Transportation Statistics 
independence. 
Sec. 31207. Conforming amendments. Sec. 31208. Repeal of obsolete office. 
Subtitle C—Port Performance Act 
Sec. 31301. Short title. 
Sec. 31302. Findings. Sec. 31303. Port performance freight statistics 
program. 
TITLE XXXII—COMMERCIAL MOTOR 
VEHICLE AND DRIVER PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Compliance, Safety, and 
Accountability Reform 
Sec. 32001. Correlation study. Sec. 32002. Safety improvement metrics. 
Sec. 32003. Data certification. Sec. 32004. Data improvement. Sec. 32005. Accident report information. Sec. 32006. Post-accident report review. Sec. 32007. Recognizing excellence in safety. Sec. 32008. High risk carrier reviews. 
Subtitle B—Transparency and Accountability 
Sec. 32201. Petitions for regulatory relief. 
Sec. 32202. Inspector standards. Sec. 32203. Technology improvements. 
Subtitle C—Trucking Rules Updated by 
Comprehensive and Key Safety Reform 
Sec. 32301. Update on statutory requirements. 
Sec. 32302. Statutory rulemaking. Sec. 32303. Guidance reform. Sec. 32304. Petitions. Sec. 32305. Regulatory reform. 
Subtitle D—State Authorities 
Sec. 32401. Emergency route working group. 
Sec. 32402. Additional State authority. Sec. 32403. Commercial driver access. 
Subtitle E—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
Sec. 32501. Definitions. 
Sec. 32502. Grants to States. Sec. 32503. New entrant safety review program 
study. 
Sec. 32504. Performance and registration infor-
mation systems management. 
Sec. 32505. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 32506. Commercial driver’s license program 
implementation. 
Sec. 32507. Extension of Federal motor carrier 
safety programs for fiscal year 2016. 
Sec. 32508. Motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram allocation. 
Sec. 32509. Maintenance of effort calculation. 
Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
Sec. 32601. Windshield technology. 
Sec. 32602. Electronic logging devices require-
ments. 
Sec. 32603. Lapse of required financial security; 
suspension of registration. 
Sec. 32604. Access to National Driver Register. 
Sec. 32605. Study on commercial motor vehicle 
driver commuting. 
Sec. 32606. Household goods consumer protec-
tion working group. 
Sec. 32607. Interstate van operations. Sec. 32608. Report on design and implementa-
tion of wireless roadside inspec-tion systems. 
Sec. 32609. Motorcoach hours of service study. Sec. 32610. GAO Review of school bus safety. Sec. 32611. Use of hair testing for preemploy-
ment and random controlled sub-stances tests. 
TITLE XXXIII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
Sec. 33101. Endorsements. 
Sec. 33102. Enhanced reporting. Sec. 33103. Hazardous material information. Sec. 33104. National emergency and disaster re-
sponse. 
Sec. 33105. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE XXXIV—HIGHWAY AND MOTOR 
VEHICLE SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Highway Traffic Safety 
PART I—H
IGHWAY SAFETY  
Sec. 34101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 34102. Highway safety programs. Sec. 34103. Grants for alcohol-ignition interlock 
laws and 24–7 sobriety programs. 
Sec. 34104. Repeat offender criteria. Sec. 34105. Study on the national roadside sur-
vey of alcohol and drug use by drivers. 
Sec. 34106. Increasing public awareness of the 
dangers of drug-impaired driving. 
Sec. 34107. Improvement of data collection on 
child occupants in vehicle crash-es. 
PART II—S
TOPMOTORCYCLE CHECKPOINT  
FUNDING ACT 
Sec. 34121. Short title. 
Sec. 34122. Grant restriction. PART III—I MPROVING DRIVER SAFETY ACT OF  
2015 
Sec. 34131. Short title. 
Sec. 34132. Distracted driving incentive grants. Sec. 34133. Barriers to data collection report. Sec. 34134. Minimum requirements for State 
graduated driver licensing incen-tive grant program. 
PART IV—T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS  
Sec. 34141. Technical corrections to the Motor 
Vehicle and Highway Safety Im-provement Act of 2012. 
Subtitle B—Vehicle Safety 
Sec. 34201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 34202. Inspector General recommendations. Sec. 34203. Improvements in availability of re-
call information. 
Sec. 34204. Recall process. 
Sec. 34205. Pilot grant program for State notifi-
cation to consumers of motor vehi-cle recall status. 
Sec. 34206. Recall obligations under bank-
ruptcy. 
Sec. 34207. Dealer requirement to check for open 
recall. 
Sec. 34208. Extension of time period for remedy 
of tire defects. 
Sec. 34209. Rental car safety. Sec. 34210. Increase in civil penalties for viola-
tions of motor vehicle safety. 
Sec. 34211. Electronic odometer disclosures. Sec. 34212. Corporate responsibility for NHTSA 
reports. 
Sec. 34213. Direct vehicle notification of recalls. Sec. 34214. Unattended children warning. Sec. 34215. Tire pressure monitoring system. 
Subtitle C—Research and Development and 
Vehicle Electronics 
Sec. 34301. Report on operations of the Council 
for Vehicle Electronics, Vehicle Software, and Emerging Tech-nologies. 
Sec. 34302. Cooperation with foreign govern-
ments. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Provisions 
PART I—D
RIVER PRIVACY ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 34401. Short title. 
Sec. 34402. Limitations on data retrieval from 
vehicle event data recorders. 
Sec. 34403. Vehicle event data recorder study. 
PART II—S AFETY THROUGH INFORMED  
CONSUMERS ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 34421. Short title. 
Sec. 34422. Passenger motor vehicle informa-
tion. 
PART III—T IREEFFICIENCY , SAFETY , AND 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 34431. Short title. 
Sec. 34432. Tire fuel efficiency minimum per-
formance standards. 
Sec. 34433. Tire registration by independent 
sellers. 
Sec. 34434. Tire recall database. 
TITLE XXXV—RAILROAD REFORM, 
ENHANCEMENT, AND EFFICIENCY 
Sec. 35001. Short title. 
Sec. 35002. Passenger transportation; defini-
tions. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 35101. Authorization of grants to Amtrak. 
Sec. 35102. National infrastructure and safety 
investments. 
Sec. 35103. Authorization of appropriations for 
National Transportation Safety Board rail investigations. 
Sec. 35104. Authorization of appropriations for 
Amtrak Office of Inspector Gen-eral. 
Sec. 35105. National cooperative rail research 
program. 
Subtitle B—Amtrak Reform 
Sec. 35201. Amtrak grant process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7420 November 3, 2015 
Sec. 35202. 5-year business line and assets 
plans. 
Sec. 35203. State-supported route committee. Sec. 35204. Route and service planning deci-
sions. 
Sec. 35205. Competition. Sec. 35206. Rolling stock purchases. Sec. 35207. Food and beverage policy. Sec. 35208. Local products and promotional 
events. 
Sec. 35209. Right-of-way leveraging. Sec. 35210. Station development. Sec. 35211. Amtrak debt. Sec. 35212. Amtrak pilot program for passengers 
transporting domesticated cats and dogs. 
Sec. 35213. Amtrak board of directors. Sec. 35214. Amtrak boarding procedures. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
Sec. 35301. Competitive operating grants. 
Sec. 35302. Federal-State partnership for state 
of good repair. 
Sec. 35303. Large capital project requirements. Sec. 35304. Small business participation study. Sec. 35305. Gulf coast rail service working 
group. 
Sec. 35306. Integrated passenger rail working 
group. 
Sec. 35307. Shared-use study. Sec. 35308. Northeast Corridor Commission. Sec. 35309. Northeast Corridor through- 
ticketing and procurement effi-ciencies. 
Sec. 35310. Data and analysis. Sec. 35311. Performance-based proposals. Sec. 35312. Amtrak Inspector General. Sec. 35313. Miscellaneous provisions. 
Subtitle D—Rail Safety 
PART I—S
AFETY IMPROVEMENT  
Sec. 35401. Highway-rail grade crossing safety. 
Sec. 35402. Speed limit action plans. Sec. 35403. Signage. Sec. 35404. Alerters. Sec. 35405. Signal protection. Sec. 35406. Technology implementation plans. Sec. 35407. Commuter rail track inspections. Sec. 35408. Emergency response. Sec. 35409. Private highway-rail grade cross-
ings. 
Sec. 35410. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment. 
Sec. 35411. Rail police officers. Sec. 35412. Operation deep dive; report. 
Sec. 35413. Post-accident assessment. Sec. 35414. Technical and conforming amend-
ments. 
Sec. 35415. GAO study on use of locomotive 
horns at highway-rail grade crossings. 
Sec. 35416. Bridge inspection reports. 
PART II—C
ONSOLIDATED RAILINFRASTRUCTURE  
ANDSAFETY IMPROVEMENTS  
Sec. 35421. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements. 
PART III—H AZARDOUS MATERIALS BY RAIL 
SAFETY AND OTHER SAFETY ENHANCEMENTS  
Sec. 35431. Real-time emergency response infor-
mation. 
Sec. 35432. Thermal blankets. Sec. 35433. Comprehensive oil spill response 
plans. 
Sec. 35434. Hazardous materials by rail liability 
study. 
Sec. 35435. Study and testing of electronically- 
controlled pneumatic brakes. 
Sec. 35436. Recording devices. Sec. 35437. Rail passenger transportation liabil-
ity. 
Sec. 35438. Modification reporting. Sec. 35439. Report on crude oil characteristics 
research study. 
PART IV—P
OSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL  
Sec. 35441. Coordination of spectrum. 
Sec. 35442. Updated plans. Sec. 35443. Early adoption and interoperability. Sec. 35444. Positive train control at grade cross-
ings effectiveness study. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
Sec. 35501. Short title. 
Sec. 35502. Preservation of public lands. Sec. 35503. Efficient environmental reviews. Sec. 35504. Advance acquisition. Sec. 35505. Railroad rights-of-way. Sec. 35506. Savings clause. Sec. 35507. Transition. 
Subtitle F—Financing 
Sec. 35601. Short title; references. 
Sec. 35602. Definitions. Sec. 35603. Eligible applicants. Sec. 35604. Eligible purposes. Sec. 35605. Program administration. Sec. 35606. Loan terms and repayment. Sec. 35607. Credit risk premiums. Sec. 35608. Master credit agreements. Sec. 35609. Priorities and conditions. Sec. 35610. Savings provision. 
DIVISION D—FREIGHT AND MAJOR 
PROJECTS 
TITLE XLI—FREIGHT POLICY 
Sec. 41001. Establishment of freight chapter. 
Sec. 41002. National multimodal freight policy. Sec. 41003. National multimodal freight net-
work. 
TITLE XLII—PLANNING 
Sec. 42001. National freight strategic plan. 
Sec. 42002. State freight advisory committees. Sec. 42003. State freight plans. Sec. 42004. Freight data and tools. Sec. 42005. Savings provision. 
TITLE XLIII—FORMULA FREIGHT 
PROGRAM 
Sec. 43001. National highway freight program. 
TITLE XLIV—GRANTS 
Sec. 44001. Purpose; definitions; administration. 
Sec. 44002. Grants. 
DIVISION E—FINANCE 
Sec. 50001. Short title. 
TITLE LI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
RELATED TAXES 
Subtitle A—Extension of Trust Fund 
Expenditure Authority and Related Taxes 
Sec. 51101. Extension of trust fund expenditure 
authority. 
Sec. 51102. Extension of highway-related taxes. 
Subtitle B—Additional Transfers to Highway 
Trust Fund 
Sec. 51201. Further additional transfers to trust 
fund. 
Sec. 51202. Transfer to Highway Trust Fund of 
certain motor vehicle safety pen-alties. 
Sec. 51203. Appropriation from Leaking Under-
ground Storage Tank Trust Fund. 
TITLE LII—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Tax Provisions 
Sec. 52101. Consistent basis reporting between 
estate and person acquiring prop-erty from decedent. 
Sec. 52102. Revocation or denial of passport in 
case of certain unpaid taxes. 
Sec. 52103. Clarification of 6-year statute of lim-
itations in case of overstatement of basis. 
Sec. 52104. Additional information on returns 
relating to mortgage interest. 
Sec. 52105. Return due date modifications. Sec. 52106. Reform of rules relating to qualified 
tax collection contracts. 
Sec. 52107. Special compliance personnel pro-
gram. 
Sec. 52108. Transfers of excess pension assets to 
retiree health accounts. 
Subtitle B—Fees and Receipts 
Sec. 52201. Extension of deposits of security 
service fees in the general fund. 
Sec. 52202. Adjustment for inflation of fees for 
certain customs services. Sec. 52203. Dividends and surplus funds of Re-
serve banks. 
Sec. 52204. Strategic Petroleum Reserve draw-
down and sale. 
Sec. 52205. Extension of enterprise guarantee 
fee. 
Subtitle C—Outlays 
Sec. 52301. Interest on overpayment. 
DIVISION F—MISCELLANEOUS 
TITLE LXI—FEDERAL PERMITTING 
IMPROVEMENT 
Sec. 61001. Definitions. 
Sec. 61002. Federal Permitting Improvement 
Council. 
Sec. 61003. Permitting process improvement. Sec. 61004. Interstate compacts. Sec. 61005. Coordination of required reviews. Sec. 61006. Delegated State permitting pro-
grams. 
Sec. 61007. Litigation, judicial review, and sav-
ings provision. 
Sec. 61008. Report to Congress. Sec. 61009. Funding for governance, oversight, 
and processing of environmental reviews and permits. 
Sec. 61010. Application. Sec. 61011. GAO Report. 
TITLE LXII—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 62001. Hire More Heroes. 
DIVISION G—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION 
Sec. 70001. Short title. 
TITLE LXXI—EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID 
HIGHWAY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 71001. Extension of Federal-aid highway 
programs. 
Sec. 71002. Administrative expenses. 
TITLE LXXII—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF 
PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION PROGRAMS 
Sec. 72001. Formula grants for rural areas. 
Sec. 72002. Apportionment of appropriations for 
formula grants. 
Sec. 72003. Authorizations for public transpor-
tation. 
Sec. 72004. Bus and bus facilities formula 
grants. 
TITLE LXXIII—EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY 
SAFETY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
Sec. 73101. Extension of National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration highway safety programs. 
Sec. 73102. Extension of Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration programs. 
Sec. 73103. Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restora-
tion Act. 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Materials 
Sec. 73201. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE LXXIV—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 74001. Extension of trust fund expenditure 
authority. 
DIVISION H—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
Sec. 80001. Budgetary effects. 
Sec. 80002. Maintenance of highway trust fund 
cash balance. 
Sec. 80003. Prohibition on rescissions of certain 
contract authority. 
DIVISION I—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
Sec. 90001. Short title. TITLE XCI—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PRO-
VISIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
Sec. 91001. Reduction in authorized amount of 
outstanding loans, guarantees, and insurance. 
Sec. 91002. Increase in loss reserves. Sec. 91003. Review of fraud controls. Sec. 91004. Office of Ethics. Sec. 91005. Chief Risk Officer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7421 November 3, 2015 
Sec. 91006. Risk Management Committee. 
Sec. 91007. Independent audit of bank portfolio. Sec. 91008. Pilot program for reinsurance. 
TITLE XCII—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
Sec. 92001. Increase in small business lending 
requirements. 
Sec. 92002. Report on programs for small and 
medium-sized businesses. 
TITLE XCIII—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
Sec. 93001. Electronic payments and documents. 
Sec. 93002. Reauthorization of information 
technology updating. 
TITLE XCIV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 94001. Extension of authority. 
Sec. 94002. Certain updated loan terms and 
amounts. 
TITLE XCV—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 95001. Prohibition on discrimination based 
on industry. 
Sec. 95002. Negotiations to end export credit fi-
nancing. 
Sec. 95003. Study of financing for information 
and communications technology systems. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
(2) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, divisions A, B, 
C, and D, including the amendments made by those divisions, take effect on October 1, 2015. 
DIVISION A—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
AND HIGHWAY SAFETY CONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
SEC. 11001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are au-
thorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count): 
(1) F
EDERAL -AID HIGHWAY PROGRAM .—For the 
national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation program under section 133 of that title, the highway safety improve-ment program under section 148 of that title, the congestion mitigation and air quality improve-ment program under section 149 of that title, the national freight program under section 167 of that title, the transportation alternatives pro-gram under section 213 of that title, and to carry out section 134 of that title— 
(A) $39,579,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $40,771,300,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $42,127,100,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $43,476,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $44,570,700,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $45,691,900,000 for fiscal year 2021. (2) T
RANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE  
AND INNOVATION PROGRAM .—For credit assist-
ance under the transportation infrastructure fi-nance and innovation program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(3) F
EDERAL LANDS AND TRIBAL TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAMS .— 
(A) T RIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .—For 
the tribal transportation program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $465,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $475,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $485,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $495,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (v) $505,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $515,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (B) F
EDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION PRO -
GRAM .— (i) A UTHORIZATION .—For the Federal lands 
transportation program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code— 
(I) $305,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (II) $310,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (III) $315,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (IV) $320,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (V) $325,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (VI) $330,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
(I) $240,000,000 of the amount made available 
for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the National Park Service; and 
(II) $30,000,000 of the amount made available 
for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
(C) F
EDERAL LANDS ACCESS PROGRAM .—For 
the Federal lands access program under section 204 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $255,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $265,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (v) $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (4) T
ERRITORIAL AND PUERTO RICO HIGHWAY  
PROGRAM .—For the territorial and Puerto Rico 
highway program under section 165 of title 23, United States Code, $190,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021. 
(5) A
SSISTANCE FOR MAJOR PROJECTS PRO -
GRAM .—For the assistance for major projects 
program under section 171 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (b) R
ESEARCH , TECHNOLOGY , ANDEDUCATION  
AUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The following sums are au-
thorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count): 
(A) H
IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the highway research 
and development program under section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code, $130,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(B) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOY -
MENT PROGRAM .—To carry out the technology 
and innovation deployment program under sec-tion 503(c) of title 23, United States Code, $62,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(C) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—To carry out 
training and education under section 504 of title 23, United States Code, $24,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(D) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the intelligent trans-
portation systems program under sections 512 through 518 of title 23, United States Code, $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(E) U
NIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CENTERS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the university trans-
portation centers program under section 5505 of title 49, United States Code, $72,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(2) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATISTICS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Federal Highway 
Administration shall administer the programs described in subparagraphs (D) and (E) of para-graph (1). 
(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Funds authorized to be appropriated by 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) be available for obligation in the same 
manner as if those funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code; (B) remain available until expended; and 
(C) not be transferable. (c) D
ISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTERPRISES .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) while significant progress has occurred 
due to the establishment of the disadvantaged business enterprise program, discrimination and related barriers continue to pose significant ob-stacles for minority- and women-owned busi-nesses seeking to do business in federally as-sisted surface transportation markets across the United States; 
(B) the continuing barriers described in sub-
paragraph (A) merit the continuation of the dis-advantaged business enterprise program; 
(C) Congress has received and reviewed testi-
mony and documentation of race and gender discrimination from numerous sources, includ-ing congressional hearings and roundtables, sci-entific reports, reports issued by public and pri-vate agencies, news stories, reports of discrimi-nation by organizations and individuals, and discrimination lawsuits, which show that race- and gender-neutral efforts alone are insufficient to address the problem; 
(D) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) demonstrate that discrimination across the United States poses a barrier to full and fair participation in surface transportation-related businesses of women business owners and minority business owners and has impacted firm development and many aspects of surface transportation-related busi-ness in the public and private markets; and 
(E) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) provide a strong basis that there is a compelling need for the con-tinuation of the disadvantaged business enter-prise program to address race and gender dis-crimination in surface transportation-related business. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(A) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ means a small business concern (as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or indi-viduals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $23,980,000, as adjusted annually by the Sec-retary for inflation. 
(B) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUALS .—The term ‘‘socially and 
economically disadvantaged individuals’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and rel-evant subcontracting regulations issued pursu-ant to that Act, except that women shall be pre-sumed to be socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals for purposes of this sub-section. 
(3) A
MOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .— 
Except to the extent that the Secretary deter-mines otherwise, not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available for any program under divisions A and B of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, shall be expended through small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals. 
(4) A
NNUAL LISTING OF DISADVANTAGED BUSI -
NESS ENTERPRISES .—Each State shall annually— 
(A) survey and compile a list of the small busi-
ness concerns referred to in paragraph (2) in the State, including the location of the small busi-ness concerns in the State; and 
(B) notify the Secretary, in writing, of the 
percentage of the small business concerns that are controlled by— 
(i) women; (ii) socially and economically disadvantaged 
individuals (other than women); and 
(iii) individuals who are women and are oth-
erwise socially and economically disadvantaged individuals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7422 November 3, 2015 
(5) U NIFORM CERTIFICATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish minimum uniform criteria for use by State governments in certifying whether a concern qualifies as a small business concern for the purpose of this subsection. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The minimum uniform cri-
teria established under subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to a potential small busi-ness concern— 
(i) on-site visits; (ii) personal interviews with personnel; (iii) issuance or inspection of licenses; (iv) analyses of stock ownership; (v) listings of equipment; (vi) analyses of bonding capacity; (vii) listings of work completed; (viii) examination of the resumes of principal 
owners; 
(ix) analyses of financial capacity; and (x) analyses of the type of work preferred. (6) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall establish 
minimum requirements for use by State govern-ments in reporting to the Secretary— 
(A) information concerning disadvantaged 
business enterprise awards, commitments, and achievements; and 
(B) such other information as the Secretary 
determines to be appropriate for the proper mon-itoring of the disadvantaged business enterprise program. 
(7) C
OMPLIANCE WITH COURT ORDERS .—Noth-
ing in this subsection limits the eligibility of an individual or entity to receive funds made avail-able under divisions A and B of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, if the individual or entity is prevented, in whole or in part, from complying with paragraph (2) be-cause a Federal court issues a final order in which the court finds that a requirement or the implementation of paragraph (2) is unconstitu-tional. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1101(b) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 414) is repealed. 
SEC. 11002. OBLIGATION CEILING. 
(a) G ENERAL LIMITATION .—Subject to sub-
section (e), and notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the obligations for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction pro-grams shall not exceed— 
(1) $41,625,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $42,896,300,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $44,331,100,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $45,759,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; (5) $46,882,700,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (6) $48,032,900,000 for fiscal year 2021. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations under sub-
section (a) shall not apply to obligations under or for— 
(1) section 125 of title 23, United States Code; (2) section 147 of the Surface Transportation 
Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); 
(3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway Act 
of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); 
(4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of the 
Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
(5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of the 
Surface Transportation and Uniform Relocation Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
(6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); 
(7) section 157 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect on June 8, 1998); 
(8) section 105 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(9) section 105 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(10) Federal-aid highway programs for which 
obligation authority was made available under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Cen-
tury (112 Stat. 107) or subsequent Acts for mul-tiple years or to remain available until ex-pended, but only to the extent that the obliga-tion authority has not lapsed or been used; 
(11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that section were not subject to a limitation on obligations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; 
(12) section 119 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); and 
(13) section 119 of title 23, United States Code 
(but, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years). 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF OBLIGATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, 
the Secretary shall— 
(1) not distribute obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a) for the fiscal year for— 
(A) amounts authorized for administrative ex-
penses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of 
Transportation Statistics; 
(2) not distribute an amount of obligation au-
thority provided by subsection (a) that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— 
(A) made available from the Highway Trust 
Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and 
(B) for which obligation authority was pro-
vided in a previous fiscal year; 
(3) determine the proportion that— (A) an amount equal to the difference be-
tween— 
(i) the obligation authority provided by sub-
section (a) for the fiscal year; and 
(ii) the aggregate amount not distributed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2); bears to 
(B) an amount equal to the difference be-
tween— 
(i) the total of the sums authorized to be ap-
propriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appropriated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (12) of subsection (b) and sums author-ized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount re-ferred to in subsection (b)(13) for the fiscal year); and 
(ii) the aggregate amount not distributed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2); 
(4) distribute the obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amount not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) applies) that are allocated by the Secretary under this Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of that title, by multiplying— 
(A) the proportion determined under para-
graph (3); by 
(B) the amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for each such program for the fiscal year; and 
(5) distribute the obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amount not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code, (other than the amounts apportioned for the national highway perform-ance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(13) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— (A) amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for the fis-cal year; bears to 
(B) the total of the amounts authorized to be 
appropriated for the programs that are appor-tioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for the fiscal year. 
(d) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  
AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
(1) revise a distribution of the obligation au-
thority made available under subsection (c) if an amount distributed cannot be obligated dur-ing that fiscal year; and 
(2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 405)) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), obligation limitations imposed by sub-section (a) shall apply to contract authority for transportation research programs carried out under chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made 
available under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal 
years; and 
(B) be in addition to the amount of any limi-
tation imposed on obligations for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction pro-grams for future fiscal years. 
(f) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  
FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the Secretary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds author-ized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— 
(A) are authorized to be appropriated for the 
fiscal year for Federal-aid highway programs; and 
(B) the Secretary determines will not be allo-
cated to the States (or will not be apportioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obli-gation, for the fiscal year because of the imposi-tion of any obligation limitation for the fiscal year. 
(2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed under 
paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the dis-tribution of obligation authority under sub-section (c)(5). 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to each 
State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in section 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 11003. APPORTIONMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1) by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) $456,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $465,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $474,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $483,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $492,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $501,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘and the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program’’ and inserting ‘‘the congestion mitigation and air quality im-provement program, the national freight pro-gram’’; 
(B) in each of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) by 
striking ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ each place it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7423 November 3, 2015 
appears and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and 
(6), and section 213(a)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘63.7 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’; 
(D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘29.3 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘29 percent’’; 
(E) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘7 percent’’ 
and inserting ‘‘6 percent’’; 
(F) in paragraph (4), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘determined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘remaining under subsection (c) after making the set-asides in accordance with paragraph (5) and section 213(a)’’; 
(G) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); 
(H) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) N
ATIONAL FREIGHT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For the national freight 
program under section 167, the Secretary shall set aside from the amount determined for a State under subsection (c) an amount determined for the State under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) T
OTAL AMOUNT .—The total amount set 
aside for the national freight program for all States shall be— 
‘‘(i) $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $1,450,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $2,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $2,400,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $2,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(C) S
TATE SHARE .—The Secretary shall dis-
tribute among the States the total set-aside amount for the national freight program under subparagraph (B) so that each State receives an amount equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(i) the total apportionment determined under 
subsection (c) for a State; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total apportionments for all States. ‘‘(D) M
ETROPOLITAN PLANNING .—Of the 
amount set aside under this paragraph for a State, the Secretary shall use to carry out sec-tion 134 an amount determined by multiplying the set-aside amount by the proportion that— 
‘‘(i) the amount apportioned to the State to 
carry out section 134 for fiscal year 2009; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funds apportioned to 
the State for that fiscal year for the programs referred to in section 105(a)(2), except for the high priority projects program referred to in sec-tion 105(a)(2)(H) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405).’’; and 
(I) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (G)), in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘determined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘re-maining under subsection (c) after making the set-asides in accordance with paragraph (5) and section 213(a)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c) by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(3) F
OR FISCAL YEARS 2016 THROUGH 2021 .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE SHARE .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2021, the amount for each State of combined apportionments for the national high-way performance program under section 119, the surface transportation program under section 133, the highway safety improvement program under section 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national freight program under section 167, the transportation alternatives program under section 213, and to carry out section 134, shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(i) I
NITIAL AMOUNT .—The initial amount for 
each State shall be determined by multiplying the total amount available for apportionment by the share for each State, which shall be equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(I) the amount of apportionments that the 
State received for fiscal year 2014; bears to 
‘‘(II) the amount of those apportionments re-
ceived by all States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENTS TO AMOUNTS .—The initial 
amounts resulting from the calculation under clause (i) shall be adjusted to ensure that, for 
each State, the amount of combined apportion-ments for the programs shall not be less than 95 percent of the estimated tax payments attrib-utable to highway users in the State paid into the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) in the most recent fiscal year for which data are available. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE APPORTIONMENT .—For each of fis-
cal years 2016 through 2021, on October 1, the Secretary shall apportion the sum authorized to be appropriated for expenditure on the national highway performance program under section 119, the surface transportation program under section 133, the highway safety improvement program under section 148, the congestion miti-gation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national freight program under section 167, the transportation alter-natives program under section 213, and to carry out section 134 in accordance with subpara-graph (A).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 104(d)(1)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of subsection (b)’’. 
(2) Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(5)(D), or (6)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking ‘‘and 
(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(D), and (6)’’. 
(3) Section 135(i) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 104(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of sec-tion 104(b)’’. 
(4) Section 136(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the first sentence by strik-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (5) of section 104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 104(b)’’. 
(5) Section 141(b)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (5) of section 104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 104(b)’’. 
(6) Section 505(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through (5)’’. 
SEC. 11004. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PRO-
GRAM. 
Section 133 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing emergency evacuation plans’’ after ‘‘pro-grams’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (13), by adding a period at 
the end; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking the semicolon 
at the end and inserting ‘‘or for projects de-scribed in paragraphs (2), (4), (6), (7), (11), (20), (25), and (26) of subsection (b); and’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘55 percent’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘greater than 
5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 or more’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘50 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘45 percent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(ii)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(iii)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘greater than 5,000 and less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 to 200,000’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting 
‘‘104(b)(2)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the period of fiscal years 2011 
through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’; 
(5) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (i); 
(6) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and 
heading and all that follows through paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) B
RIDGES OFF THE NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF OFF -NHS BRIDGE .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘off-NHS bridge’ means a highway bridge located on a public road, other than a bridge on the National Highway Sys-tem.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) S
ET-ASIDE .—Each State shall obligate for 
replacement (including replacement with fill ma-terial), rehabilitation, preservation, and protec-tion (including scour countermeasures, seismic retrofits, impact protection measures, security countermeasures, and protection against ex-treme events) for off-NHS bridges an amount equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(i) 15 percent of the amount apportioned to 
the State under section 104(b)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) an amount equal to at least 110 percent 
of the amount of funds set aside for bridges not on Federal-aid highways in the State for fiscal year 2014.’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘off-sys-
tem’’ and inserting ‘‘off-NHS’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) S
ET-ASIDE FOR CERTAIN OFF -NHS 
BRIDGES .—Each State shall obligate an amount 
equal to not less than 50 percent of the amount set aside under subparagraph (A) for off-NHS bridges located on public roads that are not Federal-aid highways.’’; and 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as sub-
section (h); 
(7) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting 
‘‘C
REDIT FOR BRIDGES NOT ON THE NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and 
(C) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) (as 
so redesignated)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the replacement of a bridge or 
rehabilitation of’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, and is determined by the 
Secretary upon completion to be no longer a de-ficient bridge’’; 
(8) in subsection (i)(1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (5)), by striking ‘‘under subsection (d)(1)(A)(iii) for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘under subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii) for each fiscal year’’; and 
(9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) B
ORDER STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—After consultation with rel-
evant transportation planning organizations, the Governor of a State that shares a land bor-der with Canada or Mexico may designate for each fiscal year not more than 5 percent of funds made available to the State under sub-section (d)(1)(B) for border infrastructure projects eligible under section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds designated under 
this subsection shall be available under the re-quirements of section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59). 
‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION .—Before making a des-
ignation under paragraph (1), the Governor shall certify that the designation is consistent with transportation planning requirements under this title. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after making a designation under paragraph (1), the Governor shall submit to the relevant trans-portation planning organizations within the border region a written notification of any sub-allocated or distributed amount of funds avail-able for obligation by jurisdiction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7424 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(5) L IMITATION .—This subsection applies 
only to funds apportioned to a State after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(6) D
EADLINE FOR DESIGNATION .—A designa-
tion under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) be submitted to the Secretary not later 
than 30 days before the beginning of the fiscal year for which the designation is being made; and 
‘‘(B) remain in effect for the funds designated 
under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year until the Governor of the State notifies the Secretary of the termination of the designation. 
‘‘(7) U
NOBLIGATED FUNDS AFTER TERMI -
NATION .—On the date of a termination under 
paragraph (6)(B), all remaining unobligated funds that were designated under paragraph (1) for the fiscal year for which the designation is being terminated shall be made available to the State for the purposes described in subsection (d)(1)(B).’’. 
SEC. 11005. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 134 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘resil-
ient’’ before ‘‘surface transportation systems’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bi-cycle transportation facilities, intermodal facili-ties that support intercity transportation, in-cluding intercity buses and intercity bus facili-ties, and commuter vanpool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection of 
officials or representatives under paragraph (2) shall be determined by the metropolitan plan-ning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organization. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling statute 
of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transpor-tation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An offi-
cial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have re-sponsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensurate with other officials described in paragraph (2)(B).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (A)), by striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by inserting ‘‘nat-
ural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘environ-mental protection,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability of 
the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘tran-
sit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transportation facili-ties, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, and reduce vulnerability 
due to natural disasters of the existing transpor-tation infrastructure’’ before the period at the end; and (iii) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollu-tion, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and investments that pre-serve and enhance intercity bus systems, includ-ing systems that are privately owned and oper-ated’’ before the period at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before ‘‘freight 
shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘(2)(C)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(2)(E)’’; 
(8) in subsection (j)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (k)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(3)’’; 
(9) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(10) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding a period at 
the end; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; 
(11) by striking subsection (n); (12) by redesignating subsections (o) through 
(q) as subsections (n) through (p), respectively; 
(13) in subsection (o) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘set aside under section 104(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘apportioned under paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b)’’ ; and 
(14) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) T
REATMENT OF LAKETAHOE REGION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF LAKE TAHOE REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Lake Tahoe Region’ has the meaning given the term ‘region’ in sub-section (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Re-gional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For the purpose of this 
title, the Lake Tahoe Region shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area under 
subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised of 
a population of 145,000 in the State of California and a population of 65,000 in the State of Ne-vada. 
‘‘(3) S
UBALLOCATED FUNDING .— 
‘‘(A) S ECTION 133 .—When determining the 
amount under subparagraph (A) of section 133(d)(1) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada under clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that subparagraph, the Secretary shall, for each of those States— 
‘‘(i) calculate the population under each of 
those clauses; 
‘‘(ii) decrease the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(iii) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State; and 
‘‘(iii) increase the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(i) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State. 
‘‘(B) S
ECTION 213 .—When determining the 
amount under paragraph (1) of section 213(c) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada under subpara-graphs (A), (B), and (C) of that paragraph, the Secretary shall, for each of those States— 
‘‘(i) calculate the population under each of 
those subparagraphs; 
‘‘(ii) decrease the amount under section 
213(c)(1)(C) by the population specified in para-graph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State; and 
‘‘(iii) increase the amount under section 
213(c)(1)(A) by the population specified in para-
graph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State.’’. 
SEC. 11006. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 135 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bi-cycle transportation facilities, intermodal facili-ties that support intercity transportation, in-cluding intercity buses and intercity bus facili-ties, and commuter vanpool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability of 
the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection (m)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(including 
intercity bus operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transpor-tation’’; 
(C) in paragraph (7), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, including 
consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’ before the period at the end; 
(5) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before ‘‘freight 
shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators),’’ after ‘‘private providers of transpor-tation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (j); and (7) by redesignating subsections (k) through 
(m) as subsections (j) through (l), respectively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
134(b)(5) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 135(m)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 135(l)’’. 
SEC. 11007. HIGHWAY USE TAX EVASION 
PROJECTS. 
Section 143(b) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by striking paragraph (2)(A) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From administrative funds 
made available under section 104(a), the Sec-retary shall deduct such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $4,000,000 for each fiscal year, to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 11008. BUNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
Section 144 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘the 
natural condition of the bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘the natural condition of the water’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (k); 
(3) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(j) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this subsection 
is to save costs and time by encouraging States to bundle multiple bridge projects as 1 project. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity eligible to carry out a bridge project under section 119 or 133. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7425 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(3) B UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .—An eli-
gible entity may bundle 2 or more similar bridge projects that are— 
‘‘(A) eligible projects under section 119 or 133; ‘‘(B) included as a bundled project in a trans-
portation improvement program under section 134(j) or a statewide transportation improvement program under section 135, as applicable; and 
‘‘(C) awarded to a single contractor or con-
sultant pursuant to a contract for engineering and design or construction between the con-tractor and an eligible entity. 
‘‘(4) I
TEMIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law (including regulations), an eligible bridge project included in a bundle under this subsection may be listed as— 
‘‘(A) 1 project for purposes of sections 134 and 
135; and 
‘‘(B) a single project within the applicable 
bundle. 
‘‘(5) F
INANCIAL CHARACTERISTICS .—Projects 
bundled under this subsection shall have the same financial characteristics, including— 
‘‘(A) the same funding category or sub-
category; and 
‘‘(B) the same Federal share.’’; and (4) in subsection (k)(2) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
SEC. 11009. FLEXIBILITY FOR CERTAIN RURAL 
ROAD AND BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—With respect to rural road 
and rural bridge projects eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, subject to the provisions of this section and on request by a State, the Secretary may— 
(1) exercise all existing flexibilities under and 
exceptions to— 
(A) the requirements of title 23, United States 
Code; and 
(B) other requirements administered by the 
Secretary, in whole or part; and 
(2) otherwise provide additional flexibility or 
expedited processing with respect to the require-ments described in paragraph (1). 
(b) T
YPES OF PROJECTS .—A rural road or rural 
bridge project under this section shall— 
(1) be located in a county that, based on the 
most recent decennial census— 
(A) has a population density of 80 or fewer 
persons per square mile of land area; or 
(B) is the county that has the lowest popu-
lation density of all counties in the State; 
(2) be located within the operational right-of- 
way (as defined in section 1316(b) of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 126 Stat. 549)) of an existing road or bridge; and 
(3)(A) receive less than $5,000,000 of Federal 
funds; or 
(B) have a total estimated cost of not more 
than $30,000,000 and Federal funds comprising less than 15 percent of the total estimated project cost. 
(c) P
ROCESS TOASSIST RURAL PROJECTS .— 
(1) A SSISTANCE WITH FEDERAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For projects under this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall seek to provide, to the maximum extent practicable, regulatory relief and flexibility consistent with this section. 
(B) E
XCEPTIONS , EXEMPTIONS , AND ADDI -
TIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Exceptions, exemptions, 
and additional flexibility from regulatory re-quirements may be granted if, in the opinion of the Secretary— 
(i) the project is not expected to have a signifi-
cant adverse impact on the environment; 
(ii) the project is not expected to have an ad-
verse impact on safety; and 
(iii) the assistance would be in the public in-
terest for 1 or more reasons, including— 
(I) reduced project costs; (II) expedited construction, particularly in an 
area where the construction season is relatively short and not granting the waiver or additional flexibility could delay the project to a later con-struction season; or 
(III) improved safety. (2) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIONS .—Nothing in 
this subsection— 
(A) waives the requirements of section 113 or 
138 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) supersedes, amends, or modifies— (i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other Federal environmental law; or 
(ii) any requirement of title 23, United States 
Code; or 
(C) affects the responsibility of any Federal 
officer to comply with or enforce any law or re-quirement described in this paragraph. 
SEC. 11010. CONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS 
AND FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS AND  
FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES .—Section 147 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘I NGEN-
ERAL’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; 
(2) by striking subsections (d) through (g) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(d) F ORMULA .—Of the amounts allocated 
under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(1) 35 percent shall be allocated among eligi-
ble entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of ferry passengers, includ-
ing passengers in vehicles, carried by each ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of ferry passengers, includ-
ing passengers in vehicles, carried by all ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; 
‘‘(2) 35 percent shall be allocated among eligi-
ble entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of vehicles carried by each 
ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of vehicles carried by all 
ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; and 
‘‘(3) 30 percent shall be allocated among eligi-
ble entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total route nautical miles serviced by 
each ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total route nautical miles serviced by 
all ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available. 
‘‘(e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) withdraw amounts allocated to an eligi-
ble entity under subsection (c) that remain un-obligated by the end of the third fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and 
‘‘(2) in the subsequent fiscal year, redistribute 
the funds referred to in paragraph (1) in accord-ance with the formula under subsection (d) among eligible entities for which no amounts were withdrawn under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (c), a State with an eligible entity that meets the requirements of this section shall receive not less than $100,000 under this section for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ATA COLLECTION .— 
‘‘(A) N ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Amounts 
made available for a fiscal year under this sec-tion shall be allocated using the most recent data available, as collected and imputed in ac-cordance with the national ferry database es-tablished under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR FUNDING .—To be eligible 
to receive funds under subsection (c), data shall have been submitted in the most recent collec-tion of data for the national ferry database under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456) for at least 1 ferry service within the State. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—On review of the data 
submitted under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may make adjustments to the data as the Sec-retary determines necessary to correct misreported or inconsistent data. ‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to carry out this section $80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(i) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Notwith-
standing section 118(b), funds made available to carry out this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY .—All provisions of this 
chapter that are applicable to the National Highway System, other than provisions relating to apportionment formula and Federal share, shall apply to funds made available to carry out this section, except as determined by the Sec-retary to be inconsistent with this section.’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Section 
1801(e)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456) is amended by striking subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(D) make available, from the amounts made 
available for each fiscal year to carry out chap-ter 63 of title 49, not more than $500,000 to main-tain the database.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 129(c) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by 
inserting ‘‘, or on a public transit ferry eligible under chapter 53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘Interstate System’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) Such ferry’’ and inserting 
‘‘(3)(A) The ferry’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Any Federal participation shall not in-
volve the construction or purchase, for private ownership, of a ferry boat, ferry terminal facil-ity, or other eligible project under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and repair,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘repair,’’; and 
(4) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(6) The ferry service shall be maintained in 
accordance with section 116. 
‘‘(7)(A) No ferry boat or ferry terminal with 
Federal participation under this title may be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, except in accordance with part 18 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on December 18, 2014). 
‘‘(B) The Federal share of any proceeds from 
a disposition referred to in subparagraph (A) shall be used for eligible purposes under this title.’’. 
SEC. 11011. HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT 
PROGRAM. 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘includes, but is not limited to,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘only includes’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxv) Installation of vehicle-to-infrastructure 
communication equipment. 
‘‘(xxvi) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. ‘‘(xxvii) Roadway improvements that provide 
separation between pedestrians and motor vehi-cles, including medians and pedestrian crossing islands. 
‘‘(xxviii) An infrastructure safety project not 
described in clauses (i) through (xxvii).’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (10) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (11) through (13) as para-graphs (10) through (12), respectively; 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(11)’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(11)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘increases’’ and inserting 
‘‘does not decrease’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘and exceeds the national fa-
tality rate on rural roads,’’ after ‘‘available,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7426 November 3, 2015 
SEC. 11012. DATA COLLECTION ON UNPAVED PUB-
LIC ROADS. 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) D ATACOLLECTION ON UNPAVED PUBLIC  
ROADS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State may elect not to 
collect fundamental data elements for the model inventory of roadway elements on public roads that are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved if— 
‘‘(A)(i) more than 45 percent of the public 
roads in the State are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 10 percent of fatalities in the 
State occur on those unpaved public roads; or 
‘‘(B)(i) more than 70 percent of the public 
roads in the State are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 25 percent of fatalities in the 
State occur on those unpaved public roads. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION .—The percentages de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be based on the average for the 5 most recent years for which relevant data is available. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—If a State elects not to 
collect data on a road described in paragraph (1), the State shall not use funds provided to carry out this section for a project on that road until the State completes a collection of the re-quired model inventory of roadway elements for the road.’’. 
SEC. 11013. CONGESTION MITIGATION AND AIR 
QUALITY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 149 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(i)(I), by inserting ‘‘in 
the designated nonattainment area’’ after ‘‘air quality standard’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or mainte-
nance’’ after ‘‘likely to contribute to the attain-ment’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘attainment 
of’’ and inserting ‘‘attainment or maintenance of the area of’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8)(A)(ii)— (i) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by 
inserting ‘‘or port-related freight operations’’ after ‘‘construction projects’’; and 
(ii) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or chapter 
53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘this title’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘(giving 
priority to corridors designated under section 151)’’ after ‘‘at any location in the State’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘would otherwise be eligible under sub-section (b) if the project were carried out in a nonattainment or maintenance area or’’ after ‘‘may use for any project that’’; and 
(II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘(excluding the 
amount of funds reserved under paragraph (1))’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘MAP– 
21t’’ and inserting ‘‘MAP–21’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, in a 
manner consistent with the approach that was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary shall modify’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘not later 
that’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘States and metropolitan’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—States and metropolitan’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘are proven to reduce’’ and in-
serting ‘‘reduce directly emitted’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) U
SE OF PRIORITY FUNDING .—To the max-
imum extent practicable, PM2.5 priority funding shall be used on the most cost-effective projects and programs that are proven to reduce directly emitted fine particulate matter.’’; 
(5) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that has a nonattainment or 
maintenance area’’ and inserting ‘‘that has 1 or more nonattainment or maintenance areas’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘a nonattainment or mainte-
nance area that are’’ and inserting ‘‘the non-attainment or maintenance areas that are’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘such area’’ both places it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘such areas’’; and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘such fine particulate’’ and 
inserting ‘‘directly-emitted fine particulate’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘highway 
construction’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation construction’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
M2.5 NONATTAINMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
IN LOW POPULATION DENSITY STATES .— 
‘‘(A) E XCEPTION .—In any State with a popu-
lation density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile of land area, based on the most recent de-cennial census, the requirements under sub-section (g)(3) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection shall not apply to a nonattainment or maintenance area in the State if— 
‘‘(i) the nonattainment or maintenance area 
does not have projects that are part of the emis-sions analysis of a metropolitan transportation plan or transportation improvement program; and 
‘‘(ii) regional motor vehicle emissions are an 
insignificant contributor to the air quality prob-lem for PM2.5 in the nonattainment or mainte-nance area. 
‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—If subparagraph (A) ap-
plies to a nonattainment or maintenance area in a State, the percentage of the PM2.5 set-aside under paragraph (1) shall be reduced for that State proportionately based on the weighted population of the area in fine particulate matter nonattainment. 
‘‘(4) P
ORT-RELATED EQUIPMENT AND VEHI -
CLES.—To meet the requirements under para-
graph (1), a State or metropolitan planning or-ganization may elect to obligate funds to the most cost-effective projects to reduce emissions from port-related landside nonroad or on-road equipment that is operated within the bound-aries of a PM2.5 nonattainment or maintenance area.’’; 
(6) in subsection (l)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘air 
quality and traffic congestion’’ before ‘‘perform-ance targets’’; and 
(7) in subsection (m), by striking ‘‘section 
104(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104(b)(4)’’. 
SEC. 11014. TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 213 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On October 1 of each fiscal 
year, the Secretary shall set aside from the amount determined for a State under section 104(c) an amount determined for the State under paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) T
OTAL AMOUNT .—The total amount set 
aside for the program under this section shall be $850,000,000 for each fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE SHARE .—The Secretary shall dis-
tribute among the States the total set-aside amount under paragraph (2) so that each State receives an amount equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the amount apportioned to the State for 
the transportation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009 under section 133(d)(2), as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405); bears to 
‘‘(B) the total amount of funds apportioned to 
all States for that fiscal year for the transpor-tation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘Of the funds’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be obligated under this section’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘Funds re-
served in a State under this section shall be obli-gated’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B); (iii) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) 
as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; 
(iv) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘greater than 5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 or more’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-
graph (1)(B), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(i)’’ both 
places it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause 
(viii); and 
(iii) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vii) a nonprofit entity responsible for the 
administration of local transportation safety programs; and’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘For funds reserved’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For funds reserved’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(i)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
O RESTRICTION ON SUBALLOCATION .— 
Nothing in this section prevents a metropolitan planning organization from further suballo-cating funds within the boundaries of the met-ropolitan planning area if a competitive process is implemented for the award of the suballocated funds.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State or metropolitan 
planning organization responsible for carrying out the requirements of this section shall submit to the Secretary an annual report that de-scribes— 
‘‘(A) the number of project applications re-
ceived for each fiscal year, including— 
‘‘(i) the aggregate cost of the projects for 
which applications are received; and 
‘‘(ii) the types of project to be carried out (as 
described in subsection (b)), expressed as per-centages of the total apportionment of the State under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) the number of projects selected for fund-
ing for each fiscal year, including the aggregate cost and location of projects selected. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make available to the public, in a user- friendly format on the website of the Depart-ment, a copy of each annual report submitted under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(i) E
XPEDITING INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall develop regulations or guidance relating to the implementation of this section that encourages the use of the programmatic ap-proaches to environmental reviews, expedited procurement techniques, and other best prac-tices to facilitate productive and timely expendi-ture for projects that are small, low-impact, and constructed within an existing built environ-ment. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE PROCESSES .—The Secretary shall 
work with State departments of transportation to ensure that any regulation or guidance devel-oped under paragraph (1) is consistently imple-mented by States and the Federal Highway Ad-ministration to avoid unnecessary delays in im-plementing projects and to ensure the effective use of Federal dollars.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 126(b) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7427 November 3, 2015 
(1) by striking ‘‘ SET-ASIDES .—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘Funds that’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘
SET-ASIDES .—Funds that’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘sections 104(d) and 133(d)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘sections 104(d), 133(d), and 213(c)’’; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 11015. CONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS. 
Section 1519(a) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112– 
141; 126 Stat. 574) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2013 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 11016. STATE FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL 
HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICATIONS. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM FLEXI-
BILITY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidance relating to working with State depart-ments of transportation that request assistance from the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration— 
(1) to review roads classified as principal arte-
rials in the State that were added to the Na-tional Highway System as of October 1, 2012, so as to comply with section 103 of title 23, United States Code; and 
(2) to identify any necessary functional classi-
fication changes to rural and urban principal arterials. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—The Secretary 
shall direct the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration to work with the appli-cable State department of transportation that requests assistance under this section— 
(1) to assist in the review of roads in accord-
ance with guidance issued under subsection (a); 
(2) to expeditiously review and facilitate re-
quests from States to reclassify roads classified as principal arterials; and 
(3) in the case of a State that requests the 
withdrawal of reclassified roads from the Na-tional Highway System under section 103(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, to carry out that withdrawal if the inclusion of the reclassified road in the National Highway System is not consistent with the needs and priorities of the community or region in which the reclassified road is located. 
(c) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICATION  
REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) review the National Highway System modi-
fication process described in appendix D of part 470 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); and 
(2) take any action necessary to ensure that a 
State may submit to the Secretary a request to modify the National Highway System by with-drawing a road from the National Highway Sys-tem. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes a de-scription of— 
(1) each request for reclassification of Na-
tional Highway System roads; 
(2) the status of each request; and (3) if applicable, the justification for the de-
nial by the Secretary of a request. 
(e) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
SYSTEM .—Section 103(b)(3)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘, including any modification 
consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal,’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, including any modification 
consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal or the withdrawal of a road from that system,’’ after ‘‘the National Highway System’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘(ii) enhances’’ and inserting 
‘‘(ii)(I) enhances’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) in the case of the withdrawal of a road, 
is reasonable and appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 11017. TOLL ROADS, BRIDGES, TUNNELS, 
AND FERRIES. 
Section 129(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘(other than a highway on the 
Interstate System)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘non-HOV’’ after ‘‘toll-free’’ 
each place it appears; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
through (I) as subparagraphs (C) through (H), respectively; 
(2) by striking paragraph (4) and paragraph 
(6); 
(3) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (7), (8), 
(9), and (10) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9), respectively; 
(4) in paragraph (4)(B) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘the Federal-aid system’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Federal-aid highways’’; and 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as so re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(8) E
QUAL ACCESS FOR MOTORCOACHES .—A 
private motorcoach that serves the public shall be provided access to a toll facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions as public transportation buses in the State.’’. 
SEC. 11018. HOV FACILITIES. 
Section 166 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) H
IGH OCCUPANCY TOLL VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State agency may 
allow vehicles not otherwise exempt under this subsection to use the HOV facility if the opera-tors of the vehicles pay a toll charged by the agency for use of the facility and the agency— 
‘‘(i) establishes a program that addresses how 
motorists can enroll and participate in the toll program; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a high occupancy vehicle 
facility that affects a metropolitan area, submits to the Secretary a written statement that the metropolitan planning organization designated under section 134 for the area has been con-sulted concerning the placement and amount of tolls on the converted facility; 
‘‘(iii) develops, manages, and maintains a sys-
tem that will automatically collect the toll; and 
‘‘(iv) establishes policies and procedures— ‘‘(I) to manage the demand to use the facility 
by varying the toll amount that is charged; 
‘‘(II) to enforce violations of the use of the fa-
cility; and 
‘‘(III) to ensure that private motorcoaches 
that serve the public are provided access to the facility under the same rates, terms, and condi-tions, as public transportation buses in the State. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM TOLLS .—In levying a 
toll on a facility under subparagraph (A), a State agency may— 
‘‘(i) designate classes of vehicles that are ex-
empt from the toll; and 
‘‘(ii) charge different toll rates for different 
classes of vehicles.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
NHERENTLY LOW EMISSION VEHICLE .—If 
a State agency establishes procedures for enforc-ing the restrictions on the use of a HOV facility by vehicles described in clauses (i) and (ii), the State agency may allow the use of the HOV fa-cility by— 
‘‘(i) alternative fuel vehicles; and ‘‘(ii) any motor vehicle described in section 
30D(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Tolls’’ and inserting ‘‘Not-
withstanding section 301, tolls’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘notwithstanding section 301 
and, except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in subsection (d)(1), by striking subpara-
graphs (D) and (E) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(D) M
AINTENANCE OF OPERATING PERFORM -
ANCE.— 
‘‘(i) S UBMISSION OF PLAN .—Not later than 180 
days after the date on which a facility is de-graded under paragraph (2), the State agency with jurisdiction over the facility shall submit to the Secretary for approval a plan that details the actions the State agency will take to bring the facility into compliance with the minimum average operating speed performance standard through changes to operation of the facility, in-cluding— 
‘‘(I) increasing the occupancy requirement for 
HOV lanes; 
‘‘(II) varying the toll charged to vehicles al-
lowed under subsection (b) to reduce demand; 
‘‘(III) discontinuing allowing non-HOV vehi-
cles to use HOV lanes under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(IV) increasing the available capacity of the 
HOV facility. 
‘‘(ii) N
OTICE OF APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of a plan under clause (i), the Secretary shall provide to the State agency a written notice in-dicating whether the Secretary has approved or disapproved the plan based on a determination of whether the implementation of the plan will bring the HOV facility into compliance. 
‘‘(iii) B
IANNUAL PROGRESS UPDATES .—Until the 
date on which the Secretary determines that the State agency has brought the HOV facility into compliance with this subsection, the State agen-cy shall submit biannual updates that de-scribe— 
‘‘(I) the actions taken to bring the HOV facil-
ity into compliance; and 
‘‘(II) the progress made by those actions. ‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall sub-
ject the State to appropriate program sanctions under section 1.36 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), until the performance is no longer degraded, if— 
‘‘(i) the State agency fails to submit an ap-
proved action plan under subparagraph (D) to bring a degraded facility into compliance; or 
‘‘(ii) after the State submits and the Secretary 
approves an action plan under subparagraph (D), the Secretary determines that, on a date that is not earlier than 1 year after the approval of the action plan, the State agency is not mak-ing significant progress toward bringing the HOV facility into compliance with the minimum average operating speed performance stand-ard.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘solely’’ before ‘‘operating’’. 
SEC. 11019. INTERSTATE SYSTEM RECONSTRUC-
TION AND REHABILITATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 1216(b) of the Transportation Equity 
Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178; 112 Stat. 212) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the age, 
condition, and intensity of use of the facility’’ and inserting ‘‘an analysis demonstrating that the facility has a significant age, condition, or intensity of use to require expedited reconstruc-tion or rehabilitation’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)(iii), by inserting ‘‘, 
and that demonstrates the capability of that agency to perform or oversee the building, oper-ation, and maintenance of a toll expressway system meeting criteria for the Interstate Sys-tem’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7428 November 3, 2015 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) An analysis showing how the State plan 
for implementing tolls on the facility takes into account the interests and use of local, regional, and interstate travelers. 
‘‘(F) An explanation of how the State will col-
lect tolls using electronic toll collection, includ-ing at highway speeds, if practicable. 
‘‘(G) A plan describing the proposed location 
for the collection of tolls on the facility, includ-ing any locations in proximity to a State border. 
‘‘(H) Approved documentation that the 
project— 
‘‘(i) has received a categorical exclusion, a 
finding of no significant impact, or a record of decision under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) complies with the Uniform Relocation As-
sistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.).’’; 
(2) by striking paragraphs (4) and (6); (3) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (4); 
(4) in paragraph (4)(as so redesignated)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘Before the Secretary may permit’’ and inserting ‘‘As a condition of permitting’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘for—’’ and inserting ‘‘for permissible uses described in section 129(a)(3) of title 23, United States Code; and’’; and 
(ii) by striking clauses (i) through (iii); (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) (as so re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receipt of an application under this sub-section, the Secretary shall provide to the appli-cant a written notice informing the applicant whether— 
‘‘(i) the application is complete and meets all 
requirements under this subsection; or 
‘‘(ii) additional information or materials are 
needed— 
‘‘(I) to complete the application; or ‘‘(II) to meet the eligibility requirements under 
paragraph (3). 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION OR MATE -
RIALS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
receipt of an application, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) identify any additional information or 
materials that are needed under subparagraph (A)(ii); and 
‘‘(II) provide to the applicant written notice 
specifying the details of the additional required information or materials. 
‘‘(ii) A
MENDED APPLICATION .—Not later than 
60 days after receipt of the additional informa-tion under clause (i), the Secretary shall deter-mine if the amended application is complete and meets all requirements under this subsection. 
‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On the request 
of a State, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to facilitate the development of a complete application under this paragraph that is likely to satisfy the eligibility criteria under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(D) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATION .—On written 
notice by the Secretary that the application is complete and meets all requirements of this sub-section, the project is considered approved and shall be permitted to participate in the program under this subsection. 
‘‘(E) L
IMITATION ON APPROVED APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For an application received 
under this subsection on or after the date of en-actment of the DRIVE Act for the reconstruc-tion or rehabilitation of a facility, a State shall— 
‘‘(I) not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the application is approved, issue a solic-itation for a contract to provide for the recon-struction or rehabilitation of the facility; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date on 
which the application is approved, execute a contract for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facility. ‘‘(ii) P
RIOR APPLICATIONS .—For an applica-
tion that received a conditional provisional ap-proval under this subsection before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, for the reconstruc-tion or rehabilitation of a facility, a State shall— 
‘‘(I) not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of the DRIVE Act, issue a solicitation for a contract to provide for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facility; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of the DRIVE Act, execute a contract for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facility. 
‘‘(iii) C
ANCELLATION OR EXTENSION .—If an ap-
plicable deadline under clause (i) or (ii) is not met, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) cancel the application approval; or ‘‘(II) grant an extension of not more than 1 
year for the applicable deadline, on the condi-tion that— 
‘‘(aa) there has been demonstrable progress to-
ward meeting the applicable requirements; and 
‘‘(bb) the requirements are likely to be met 
within 1 year. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PROGRAM FUNDS .—Dur-
ing the term of the pilot program, funds appor-tioned for the national highway performance program under section 104(b)(1) of title 23, United States Code, may not be used for a facil-ity for which tolls are being collected under the pilot program unless the funds are used for a maintenance purpose, as defined in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code.’’; 
(6) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as 
paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; 
(7) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A State may elect to with-
draw participation of the State in the pilot pro-gram at any time.’’; and 
(8) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by para-
graph (6)), by inserting ‘‘after the date of enact-ment of the DRIVE Act’’ after ‘‘10 years’’. 
SEC. 11020. EMERGENCY RELIEF FOR FEDERALLY 
OWNED ROADS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 125(d)(3) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) projects eligible for assistance under this 
section located on tribal transportation facili-ties, Federal lands transportation facilities, or other federally owned roads that are open to public travel (as defined in subsection (e)(1)).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 125(e) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) O PEN TO PUBLIC TRAVEL .—The term 
‘open to public travel’ means, with respect to a road, that, except during scheduled periods, ex-treme weather conditions, or emergencies, the road— 
‘‘(i) is maintained; 
‘‘(ii) is open to the general public; and ‘‘(iii) can accommodate travel by a standard 
passenger vehicle, without restrictive gates or prohibitive signs or regulations, other than for general traffic control or restrictions based on size, weight, or class of registration. 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARD PASSENGER VEHICLE .—The 
term ‘standard passenger vehicle’ means a vehi-cle with 6 inches of clearance from the lowest point of the frame, body, suspension, or dif-ferential to the ground.’’. 
SEC. 11021. BRIDGES REQUIRING CLOSURE OR 
LOAD RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 144(h) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as 
paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(6) B RIDGES REQUIRING CLOSURE OR LOAD RE -
STRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) B RIDGES OWNED BY FEDERAL AGENCIES OR  
TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS .—If a Federal agency or 
tribal government fails to ensure that any high-way bridge that is open to public travel and lo-cated in the jurisdiction of the Federal agency or tribal government is properly closed or re-stricted to loads that the bridge can carry safe-ly, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall, on learning of the need to close or 
restrict loads on the bridge, require the Federal agency or tribal government to take action nec-essary— 
‘‘(I) to close the bridge within 48 hours; or ‘‘(II) within 30 days, to restrict public travel 
on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the Federal agency or tribal gov-
ernment fails to take action required under clause (i), withhold all funding authorized under this title for the Federal agency or tribal government.’’. 
‘‘(B) O
THER BRIDGES .—If a State fails to en-
sure that any highway bridge, other than a bridge described in subparagraph (A), that is open to public travel and is located within the boundaries of the State is properly closed or re-stricted to loads the bridge can carry safely, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall, on learning of the need to close or 
restrict loads on the bridge, require the State to take action necessary— 
‘‘(I) to close the bridge within 48 hours; or ‘‘(II) within 30 days, to restrict public travel 
on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the State fails to take action re-
quired under clause (i), withhold approval for Federal-aid projects in that State.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by para-
graph (1)), by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7)’’. 
SEC. 11022. NATIONAL ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
CHARGING AND NATURAL GAS FUEL-ING CORRIDORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 150 the following: 
‘‘§ 151. National electric vehicle charging and 
natural gas fueling corridors 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall designate national electric vehi-cle charging and natural gas fueling corridors that identify the near- and long-term need for, and location of, electric vehicle charging infra-structure and natural gas fueling infrastructure at strategic locations along major national high-ways to improve the mobility of passenger and commercial vehicles that employ electric and natural gas fueling technologies across the United States. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF CORRIDORS .—In desig-
nating the corridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) solicit nominations from State and local 
officials for facilities to be included in the cor-ridors; 
‘‘(2) incorporate existing electric vehicle 
charging and natural gas fueling corridors des-ignated by a State or group of States; and 
‘‘(3) consider the demand for, and location of, 
existing electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling infrastructure. 
‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—In designating corridors 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall in-volve, on a voluntary basis, stakeholders that include— 
‘‘(1) the heads of other Federal agencies; ‘‘(2) State and local officials; ‘‘(3) representatives of— ‘‘(A) energy utilities; ‘‘(B) the electric and natural gas vehicle in-
dustries; 
‘‘(C) the freight and shipping industry; ‘‘(D) clean technology firms; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7429 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(E) the hospitality industry; 
‘‘(F) the restaurant industry; and ‘‘(G) highway rest stop vendors; and ‘‘(4) such other stakeholders as the Secretary 
determines to be necessary. 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGNATION .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date of establishment of the corridors under subsection (a), and every 5 years there-after, the Secretary shall update and redesig-nate the corridors. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—During designation and redes-
ignation of the corridors under this section, the Secretary shall issue a report that— 
‘‘(1) identifies electric vehicle charging and 
natural gas fueling infrastructure and stand-ardization needs for electricity providers, nat-ural gas providers, infrastructure providers, ve-hicle manufacturers, electricity purchasers, and natural gas purchasers; and 
‘‘(2) establishes an aspirational goal of 
achieving strategic deployment of electric vehi-cle charging and natural gas fueling infrastruc-ture in those corridors by the end of fiscal year 2021.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
of chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 151 and inserting the following: 
‘‘151. National Electric Vehicle Charging and 
Natural Gas Fueling Corridors.’’. 
SEC. 11023. ASSET MANAGEMENT. 
(a) Section 119 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘struc-
turally deficient’’ and inserting ‘‘being in poor condition’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘struc-
turally deficient’’ and inserting ‘‘being in poor condition’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF CRITICAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—In this subsection, the term ‘critical in-
frastructure’ means those facilities the inca-pacity or failure of which would have a debili-tating impact on national or regional economic security, national or regional energy security, national or regional public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—The asset management 
plan of a State developed pursuant to subsection (e) may include a designation of a critical infra-structure network of facilities from among those facilities in the State that are eligible under sub-section (c). 
‘‘(3) R
ISK REDUCTION .—A State may use funds 
apportioned under this section for projects in-tended to reduce the risk of failure of facilities designated as being on the critical infrastruc-ture network of the State.’’. 
(b) Section 144 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘defi-
cient’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘each 
structurally deficient bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘each bridge in poor condition’’. 
(c) Section 202(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘deficient’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘defi-
cient’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
at the end and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 11024. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM 
AMENDMENT. 
Section 202 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(6), by striking ‘‘6 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘3 percent’’. SEC. 11025. NATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FEDERAL 
LANDS AND TRIBAL PROJECTS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The Secretary shall establish a 
nationally significant Federal lands and tribal projects program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) to provide funding to construct, reconstruct, or rehabilitate nationally signifi-cant Federal lands and tribal transportation projects. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), entities eligible to receive funds under sections 201, 202, 203, and 204 of title 23, United States Code, may apply for funding under the program. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State, county, or unit of 
local government may only apply for funding under the program if sponsored by an eligible Federal land management agency or Indian tribe. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—An eligible project 
under the program shall be a single continuous project— 
(1) on a Federal lands transportation facility, 
a Federal lands access transportation facility, or a Tribal transportation facility (as those terms are defined in section 101 of title 23, United States Code), except that such facility is not required to be included on an inventory de-scribed in sections 202 or 203 of title 23, United States Code; 
(2) for which completion of activities required 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) has been dem-onstrated through— 
(A) a record of decision with respect to the 
project; 
(B) a finding that the project has no signifi-
cant impact; or 
(C) a determination that the project is cat-
egorically excluded; and 
(3) having an estimated cost, based on the re-
sults of preliminary engineering, equal to or ex-ceeding $25,000,0000, with priority consideration given to projects with an estimated cost equal to or exceeding $50,000,000. 
(d) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), an 
eligible applicant receiving funds under the pro-gram may only use the funds for construction, reconstruction, and rehabilitation activities. 
(2) I
NELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible appli-
cant may not use funds received under the pro-gram for activities relating to project design. 
(e) A
PPLICATIONS .—Eligible applicants shall 
submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting a 
project to receive funds under the program, the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the project— 
(1) furthers the goals of the Department, in-
cluding state of good repair, environmental sus-tainability, economic competitiveness, quality of life, and safety; 
(2) improves the condition of critical 
multimodal transportation facilities; 
(3) needs construction, reconstruction, or re-
habilitation; 
(4) is included in or eligible for inclusion in 
the National Register of Historic Places; 
(5) enhances environmental ecosystems; (6) uses new technologies and innovations 
that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
(7) is supported by funds, other than the 
funds received under the program, to construct, maintain, and operate the facility; 
(8) spans 2 or more States; and (9) serves land owned by multiple Federal 
agencies or Indian tribes. 
(g) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the 
cost of a project shall be 95 percent. 
(h) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to remain available for a period of 3 fiscal years following the fiscal 
year for which the amounts were appropriated. 
SEC. 11026. FEDERAL LANDS PROGRAMMATIC AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 201(c) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6)(A)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively; 
(B) in the matter preceding subclause (I) (as 
so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secretaries’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries’’; 
(C) by inserting a period after ‘‘tribal trans-
portation program’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘in accordance with’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘including—’’ and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—Data collected to imple-
ment the tribal transportation program shall be in accordance with the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). 
‘‘(iii) I
NCLUSIONS .—Data collected under this 
paragraph includes—’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the 
following— 
‘‘(7) C OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  
DEPLOYMENT .—The Secretary may conduct co-
operative research and technology deployment in coordination with Federal land management agencies, as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(8) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To carry out the activities 
described in this subsection for Federal lands transportation facilities, Federal lands access transportation facilities, and other federally owned roads open to public travel (as that term is defined in section 125(e)), the Secretary shall combine and use not greater than 5 percent for each fiscal year of the funds authorized for pro-grams under sections 203 and 204. 
‘‘(B) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—In addition to the 
activities described in subparagraph (A), funds described under that subparagraph may be used for— 
‘‘(i) bridge inspections on any federally owned 
bridge even if that bridge is not included on the inventory described under section 203; and 
‘‘(ii) transportation planning activities carried 
out by Federal land management agencies eligi-ble for funding under this chapter.’’. 
SEC. 11027. FEDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘oper-
ation’’ and inserting ‘‘capital, operations,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A)(iv)(I)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (v), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Reclamation; and ‘‘(vii) independent Federal agencies with nat-
ural resource and land management responsibil-ities.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘performance management, including’’ after ‘‘support’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(vi) The Bureau of Reclamation.’’. 
SEC. 11028. INNOVATIVE PROJECT DELIVERY. 
Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘engineering or design ap-
proaches,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or contracting’’ and inserting 
‘‘or contracting or project delivery’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7430 November 3, 2015 
(2) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by inserting ‘‘and 
alternative bidding’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
SEC. 11029. OBLIGATION AND RELEASE OF 
FUNDS. 
Section 118(c)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘Any funds’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds’’; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
AME CLASS OF FUNDS NO LONGER AU -
THORIZED .—If the same class of funds described 
in subparagraph (A)(i) is no longer authorized in the most recent authorizing law, the funds may be credited to a similar class of funds, as determined by the Secretary.’’. 
Subtitle B—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
SEC. 11101. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR 
PROJECTS OF LIMITED FEDERAL AS-SISTANCE. 
Section 1317 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 
Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
NFLATIONARY ADJUSTMENT .—The dollar 
amounts described in subsection (a) shall be ad-justed for inflation— 
‘‘(1) effective October 1, 2015, to reflect 
changes since July 1, 2012, in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor; and 
‘‘(2) effective October 1, 2016, and each suc-
ceeding October 1, to reflect changes for the pre-ceding 12-month period in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
SEC. 11102. PROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEM-
PLATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1318 of MAP–21 (23 
U.S.C. 109 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) P
ROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEMPLATE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop 
a template programmatic agreement described in subsection (d) that provides for efficient and adequate procedures for evaluating Federal ac-tions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF TEMPLATE .—The Secretary— 
‘‘(A) on receipt of a request from a State, shall 
use the template programmatic agreement devel-oped under paragraph (1) in carrying out this section; and 
‘‘(B) on consent of the applicable State, may 
modify the template as necessary to address the unique needs and characteristics of the State. 
‘‘(3) O
UTCOME MEASUREMENTS .—The Secretary 
shall establish a method to verify that actions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection), are evaluated and documented in a consistent manner by the State that uses the template programmatic agreement under this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise section 771.117(g) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow a programmatic agreement under this section to include responsibility for making categorical exclusion determinations— 
(1) for actions described in subsections (c) and 
(d) of section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
(2) that meet the criteria for a categorical ex-
clusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of 
enactment of this Act), and are identified in the programmatic agreement. 
SEC. 11103. AGENCY COORDINATION. 
(a) R OLES AND RESPONSIBILITY OF LEADAGEN-
CY.—Section 139(c)(6) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to consider and respond to comments re-
ceived from participating agencies on matters within the special expertise or jurisdiction of the participating agencies.’’. 
(b) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES.—Section 139(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(8) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES.—An agency participating in the collabo-
rative environmental review process under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) provide comments, responses, studies, or 
methodologies on those areas within the special expertise or jurisdiction of the Federal partici-pating or cooperating agency; and 
‘‘(B) use the process to address any environ-
mental issues of concern to the participating or cooperating agency.’’. 
SEC. 11104. INITIATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEW PROCESS. 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (6) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) P ROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘project’ means 
any highway project, public transportation cap-ital project, or multimodal project that, if imple-mented as proposed by the project sponsor, would require approval by any operating ad-ministration or secretarial office within the De-partment. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the Secretary shall take into ac-count, if known, any sources of Federal funding or financing identified by the project sponsor, including discretionary grant, loan, and loan guarantee programs administered by the Depart-ment.’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(including 
any additional information that the project sponsor considers to be important to initiate the process for the proposed project)’’ after ‘‘loca-tion of the proposed project’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .—Not later than 
45 days after the date on which an application is received by the Secretary under this sub-section, the Secretary shall provide to the project sponsor a written response that, as ap-plicable— 
‘‘(A) describes the determination of the Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(i) to initiate the environmental review proc-
ess, including a timeline and an expected date for the publication in the Federal Register of the relevant notice of intent; or 
‘‘(ii) to decline the application, including an 
explanation of the reasons for that decision; or 
‘‘(B) requests additional information, and pro-
vides to the project sponsor an accounting, re-garding what is necessary to initiate the envi-ronmental review process. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUEST TO DESIGNATE A LEAD AGENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any project sponsor may 
submit a request to the Secretary to designate a specific operating administration or secretarial office within the Department of Transportation to serve as the Federal lead agency for a project. 
‘‘(B) P
ROPOSED SCHEDULE .—A request under 
subparagraph (A) may include a proposed schedule for completing the environmental re-view process. ‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL ACTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a request under subpara-
graph (A) is received, the Secretary shall re-spond to the request not later than 45 days after the date of receipt. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The response shall— 
‘‘(I) approve the request; ‘‘(II) deny the request, with an explanation of 
the reasons; or 
‘‘(III) require the submission of additional in-
formation. 
‘‘(iii) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If addi-
tional information is submitted in accordance with clause (ii)(III), the Secretary shall respond to that submission not later than 45 days after the date of receipt.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)(4), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(E) R
EDUCTION OF DUPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out this para-
graph, the lead agency shall reduce duplication, to the maximum extent practicable, between— 
‘‘(I) the evaluation of alternatives under the 
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(II) the evaluation of alternatives in the met-
ropolitan transportation planning process under section 134 of title 23, United States Code, or an environmental review process carried out under State law (referred to in this subparagraph as a ‘State environmental review process’). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .—The 
lead agency may eliminate from detailed consid-eration an alternative proposed in an environ-mental impact statement regarding a project if, as determined by the lead agency— 
‘‘(I) the alternative was considered in a metro-
politan planning process or a State environ-mental review process by a metropolitan plan-ning organization or a State or local transpor-tation agency, as applicable; 
‘‘(II) the lead agency provided guidance to the 
metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency, as applicable, re-garding analysis of alternatives in the metro-
politan planning process or State environmental review process, including guidance on the re-quirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other requirements of Federal law necessary for approval of the project; 
‘‘(III) the applicable metropolitan planning 
process or State environmental review process included an opportunity for public review and comment; 
‘‘(IV) the applicable metropolitan planning 
organization or State or local transportation agency rejected the alternative after considering public comments; 
‘‘(V) the Federal lead agency independently 
reviewed the alternative evaluation approved by the applicable metropolitan planning organiza-tion or State or local transportation agency; and 
‘‘(VI) the Federal lead agency has deter-
mined— 
‘‘(aa) in consultation with Federal partici-
pating or cooperating agencies, that the alter-native to be eliminated from consideration is not necessary for compliance with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
‘‘(bb) with the concurrence of Federal agen-
cies with jurisdiction over a permit or approval required for a project, that the alternative to be eliminated from consideration is not necessary for any permit or approval under any other Federal law.’’. 
SEC. 11105. IMPROVING COLLABORATION FOR AC-
CELERATED DECISION MAKING. 
(a) C OORDINATION AND SCHEDULING .—Section 
139(g)(1)(B)(i) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The lead agency’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘For a project requiring an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment, the lead agency’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. (b) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
Section 139(h) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7431 November 3, 2015 
(1) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (5) and’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (5)(A)(ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘, 
including modifications to the project schedule’’ after ‘‘review process’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6)(B), by striking clause (ii) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF DATE .—The date referred 
to in clause (i) is 1 of the following: 
‘‘(I) The date that is 30 days after the date for 
rendering a decision as described in the project schedule established pursuant to subsection (g)(1)(B). 
‘‘(II) If no schedule exists, the later of— ‘‘(aa) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which an application for the permit, license or approval is complete; or 
‘‘(bb) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which the Federal lead agency issues a deci-sion on the project under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(III) A modified date consistent with sub-
section (g)(1)(D).’’. 
SEC. 11106. ACCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) A
CCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In preparing a final envi-
ronmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the lead agency modifies the state-ment in response to comments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or expla-nations regarding why the comments do not warrant additional agency response, the lead agency may write on errata sheets attached to the statement instead of rewriting the draft statement, subject to the condition that the er-rata sheets shall— 
‘‘(A) cite the sources, authorities, or reasons 
that support the position of the lead agency; and 
‘‘(B) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger agency re-appraisal or further response. 
‘‘(2) I
NCORPORATION .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the lead agency shall expeditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(A) the final environmental impact statement 
makes substantial changes to the proposed ac-tion that are relevant to environmental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(B) there are significant new circumstances 
or information that— 
‘‘(i) are relevant to environmental concerns; 
and 
‘‘(ii) bear on the proposed action or the im-
pacts of the proposed action.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL .—Section 1319 of MAP–21 (42 
U.S.C. 4332a) is repealed. 
SEC. 11107. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code (as 
amended by section 11106(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(o) R
EVIEWS , APPROVALS , AND PERMITTING  
PLATFORM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall establish an online platform and, in coordination with agencies described in paragraph (2), issue reporting standards to make publicly available the status of reviews, approvals, and permits required for compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or other applicable Federal laws for projects and activities requiring an environmental assessment or an environ-mental impact statement. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL AGENCY PARTICIPATION .—A Fed-
eral agency of jurisdiction over a review, ap-proval, or permit described in paragraph (1) 
shall provide status information in accordance with the standards established by the Secretary under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE RESPONSIBILITIES .—A State that is 
assigned and assumes responsibilities under sec-tion 326 or 327 shall provide applicable status information in accordance with standards estab-lished by the Secretary under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 11108. INTEGRATION OF PLANNING AND EN-
VIRONMENTAL REVIEW. 
Section 168 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 168. Integration of planning and environ-
mental review 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘environmental review process’ means the process for preparing for a project an environ-mental impact statement, environmental assess-ment, categorical exclusion, or other document prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agency’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCT .—The term ‘planning 
product’ means a decision, analysis, study, or other documented information that is the result of an evaluation or decisionmaking process car-ried out by a metropolitan planning organiza-tion or a State, as appropriate, during metro-politan or statewide transportation planning under section 134 or 135, respectively. 
‘‘(4) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(b) A DOPTION OF PLANNING PRODUCTS FOR  
USE IN NEPA P ROCEEDINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d), 
the Federal lead agency for a project may adopt and use a planning product in proceedings re-lating to any class of action in the environ-mental review process of the project. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION .—If the Federal lead 
agency makes a determination to adopt and use a planning product, the Federal lead agency shall identify the agencies that participated in the development of the planning products. 
‘‘(3) P
ARTIAL ADOPTION OF PLANNING PROD -
UCTS.—The Federal lead agency may— 
‘‘(A) adopt an entire planning product under 
paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) select portions of a planning project 
under paragraph (1) for adoption. 
‘‘(4) T IMING .—A determination under para-
graph (1) with respect to the adoption of a plan-ning product may— 
‘‘(A) be made at the time the lead agencies de-
cide the appropriate scope of environmental re-view for the project; or 
‘‘(B) occur later in the environmental review 
process, as appropriate. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) P LANNING DECISIONS .—The lead agency in 
the environmental review process may adopt de-cisions from a planning product, including— 
‘‘(A) whether tolling, private financial assist-
ance, or other special financial measures are necessary to implement the project; 
‘‘(B) a decision with respect to general travel 
corridor or modal choice, including a decision to implement corridor or subarea study rec-ommendations to advance different modal solu-tions as separate projects with independent util-ity; 
‘‘(C) the purpose and the need for the pro-
posed action; 
‘‘(D) preliminary screening of alternatives and 
elimination of unreasonable alternatives; 
‘‘(E) a basic description of the environmental 
setting; 
‘‘(F) a decision with respect to methodologies 
for analysis; and 
‘‘(G) an identification of programmatic level 
mitigation for potential impacts of transpor-tation projects, including— ‘‘(i) measures to avoid, minimize, and mitigate 
impacts at a regional or national scale; 
‘‘(ii) investments in regional ecosystem and 
water resources; and 
‘‘(iii) a programmatic mitigation plan devel-
oped in accordance with section 169. 
‘‘(2) P
LANNING ANALYSES .—The lead agency in 
the environmental review process may adopt analyses from a planning product, including— 
‘‘(A) travel demands; ‘‘(B) regional development and growth; ‘‘(C) local land use, growth management, and 
development; 
‘‘(D) population and employment; ‘‘(E) natural and built environmental condi-
tions; 
‘‘(F) environmental resources and environ-
mentally sensitive areas; 
‘‘(G) potential environmental effects, includ-
ing the identification of resources of concern and potential indirect and cumulative effects on those resources; and 
‘‘(H) mitigation needs for a proposed action, 
or for programmatic level mitigation, for poten-tial effects that the Federal lead agency deter-mines are most effectively addressed at a re-gional or national program level. 
‘‘(d) C
ONDITIONS .—The lead agency in the en-
vironmental review process may adopt and use a planning product under this section if the lead agency determines, with the concurrence of other participating agencies with relevant ex-pertise and project sponsors, as appropriate, that the following conditions have been met: 
‘‘(1) The planning product was developed 
through a planning process conducted pursuant to applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(2) The planning product was developed in 
consultation with appropriate Federal and State resource agencies and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(3) The planning process included broad 
multidisciplinary consideration of systems-level or corridor-wide transportation needs and po-tential effects, including effects on the human and natural environment. 
‘‘(4) The planning process included public no-
tice that the planning products produced in the planning process may be adopted during a sub-sequent environmental review process in accord-ance with this section. 
‘‘(5) During the environmental review process, 
the lead agency has— 
‘‘(A) made the planning documents available 
for public review and comment; 
‘‘(B) provided notice of the intention of the 
lead agency to adopt the planning product; and 
‘‘(C) considered any resulting comments. ‘‘(6) There is no significant new information 
or new circumstance that has a reasonable like-lihood of affecting the continued validity or ap-propriateness of the planning product. 
‘‘(7) The planning product has a rational 
basis and is based on reliable and reasonably current data and reasonable and scientifically acceptable methodologies. 
‘‘(8) The planning product is documented in 
sufficient detail to support the decision or the results of the analysis and to meet requirements for use of the information in the environmental review process. 
‘‘(9) The planning product is appropriate for 
adoption and use in the environmental review process for the project and is incorporated in ac-cordance with the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and sec-tion 1502.21 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act). 
‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF ADOPTION .—Any planning 
product adopted by the Federal lead agency in accordance with this section may be— 
‘‘(1) incorporated directly into an environ-
mental review process document or other envi-ronmental document; and 
‘‘(2) relied on and used by other Federal agen-
cies in carrying out reviews of the project. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This section does not make 
the environmental review process applicable to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7432 November 3, 2015 
the transportation planning process conducted 
under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(2) T RANSPORTATION PLANNING ACTIVITIES .— 
Initiation of the environmental review process as a part of, or concurrently with, transpor-tation planning activities does not subject trans-portation plans and programs to the environ-mental review process. 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCTS .—This section does 
not affect the use of planning products in the environmental review process pursuant to other authorities under any other provision of law or restrict the initiation of the environmental re-view process during planning.’’. 
SEC. 11109. USE OF PROGRAMMATIC MITIGATION 
PLANS. 
Section 169(f) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘may use’’ and inserting ‘‘shall 
consider’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘or other Federal environ-
mental law’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 11110. ADOPTION OF DEPARTMENTAL ENVI-
RONMENTAL DOCUMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting after section 306 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 307. Adoption of Departmental environ-
mental documents 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An operating administra-
tion or secretarial office within the Department may adopt any draft environmental impact statement, final environmental impact state-ment, environmental assessment, or any other document issued under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by another operating administration or secre-tarial office within the Department— 
‘‘(1) without recirculating the document (ex-
cept that a final environmental impact state-ment shall be recirculated prior to adoption); and 
‘‘(2) if the operating administration or secre-
tarial office adopting the document certifies that the project is substantially the same as the project reviewed under the document to be adopted. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—An adopting op-
erating administration or secretarial office that was a cooperating agency and certifies that the project is substantially the same as the project reviewed under the document to be adopted and that its comments and suggestions have been ad-dressed may adopt a document described in sub-section (a) without recirculating the docu-ment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 307 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 307. Adoption of Departmental environ-
mental documents.’’. 
SEC. 11111. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR STATES. 
Section 326 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE TO STATES .—On request of a 
Governor of a State, the Secretary shall provide to the State technical assistance, training, or other support relating to— 
‘‘(A) assuming responsibility under subsection 
(a); 
‘‘(B) developing a memorandum of under-
standing under this subsection; or 
‘‘(C) addressing a responsibility in need of 
corrective action under subsection (d)(1)(B).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (1) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program, if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the State is 
not adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to take 
such corrective action as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to comply with the appli-cable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the State, 
a detailed description of each responsibility in need of corrective action regarding an inad-equacy identified under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and pe-
riod described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subpara-graph (B), fails to take satisfactory corrective action, as determined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 11112. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PROJECT 
DELIVERY PROGRAM. 
Section 327(j) of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended by striking paragraph (1) and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the State is 
not adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to take 
such corrective action as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to comply with the appli-cable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the State, 
a detailed description of each responsibility in need of corrective action regarding an inad-equacy identified under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and pe-
riod provided under subparagraph (B), fails to take satisfactory corrective action, as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 11113. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS FOR 
MULTIMODAL PROJECTS. 
(a) M ULTIMODAL PROJECT DEFINED .—Section 
139(a) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(5) M
ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ means a project that re-quires approval by more than 1 Department of Transportation operating administration or sec-retarial office.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS  
FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .—Section 304 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘operating 
authority that is not the lead authority with re-spect to a project’’ and inserting ‘‘operating ad-ministration or secretarial office that has exper-tise but is not the lead authority with respect to a proposed multimodal project’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transportation operating administration or secretarial office that has the lead responsibility for compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a proposed multimodal project.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under this 
title’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary of Trans-portation’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a categorical exclusion des-
ignated under the implementing regulations or’’ and inserting ‘‘a categorical exclusion des-ignated under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) imple-menting regulations or’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘other components of the’’ and 
inserting ‘‘a proposed multimodal’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a determina-
tion, in consultation with the cooperating au-thority, on the applicability of a categorical ex-clusion to a proposed multimodal project; 
‘‘(2) the cooperating authority does not object 
to the determination of the lead authority of the applicability of a categorical exclusion; 
‘‘(3) the lead authority determines that the 
component of the proposed multimodal project to be covered by the categorical exclusion of the cooperating authority has independent utility; and 
‘‘(4) the lead authority determines that— ‘‘(A) the proposed multimodal project does not 
individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(B) extraordinary circumstances do not exist 
that merit additional analysis and documenta-tion in an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATIVE AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .—A 
cooperating authority shall provide expertise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
SEC. 11114. MODERNIZATION OF THE ENVIRON-
MENTAL REVIEW PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall examine ways to modernize, sim-plify, and improve the implementation of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) by the Department. 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) the use of technology in the process, such 
as— 
(A) searchable databases; (B) geographic information system mapping 
tools; 
(C) integration of those tools with fiscal man-
agement systems to provide more detailed data; and 
(D) other innovative technologies; (2) ways to prioritize use of programmatic en-
vironmental impact statements; 
(3) methods to encourage cooperating agencies 
to present analyses in a concise format; and 
(4) any other improvements that can be made 
to modernize process implementation. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the review carried out under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 11115. SERVICE CLUB, CHARITABLE ASSO-
CIATION, OR RELIGIOUS SERVICE SIGNS. 
Notwithstanding section 131 of title 23, United 
States Code, and part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), a State may allow the maintenance of a sign of a service club, charitable association, or reli-gious service that was erected as of the date of enactment of this Act, the area of which is less than or equal to 32 square feet, if the State noti-fies the Federal Highway Administration. 
SEC. 11116. SATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, with the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7433 November 3, 2015 
et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including 
implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish procedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis required 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary deter-mines that there is no feasible or prudent alter-native to avoid use of an historic site, the Sec-retary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Secretary 
in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination to— ‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preserva-
tion officer and tribal historic preservation offi-cer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preservation 
officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the In-terior a concurrence that the determination is sufficient to satisfy the requirement of sub-section (a)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable preser-
vation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior each provide a concurrence re-quested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be re-quired. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a determina-
tion, together with each relevant concurrence to that determination, under subparagraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or find-
ing of no significant impact of the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal website 
by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all concurrences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the appli-
cable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(2) through the consultation re-quirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To satisfy 
the requirements of subsection (a)(2), each indi-vidual described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall concur in the treatment of the applicable his-toric site described in the memorandum of agree-ment or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION .—Section 303 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) and (e)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, the requirements of this section with the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish procedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) 
(including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis required 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary deter-mines that there is no feasible or prudent alter-native to avoid use of an historic site, the Sec-retary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Secretary 
in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination to— ‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preserva-
tion officer and tribal historic preservation offi-cer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preservation 
officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the In-terior a concurrence that the determination is sufficient to satisfy the requirement of sub-section (c)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable preser-
vation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior each provide a concurrence re-quested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be re-quired. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a determina-
tion, together with each relevant concurrence to that determination, under subparagraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or find-
ing of no significant impact of the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal website 
by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all concurrences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the appli-
cable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (c)(2) through the consultation re-quirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To satisfy 
the requirements of subsection (c)(2), the appli-cable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior shall concur in the treatment of the applicable historic site de-scribed in the memorandum of agreement or pro-grammatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
SEC. 11117. BRIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER-
ATION UNDER CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) P RESERVATION OF PARKLANDS .—Section 
138 of title 23, United States Code, as amended by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or steel 
bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
(b) P
OLICY ON LANDS, WILDLIFE AND WATER-
FOWL REFUGES , AND HISTORIC SITES.—Section 
303 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or steel 
bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
SEC. 11118. ELIMINATION OF BARRIERS TO IM-
PROVE AT-RISK BRIDGES. 
(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORIZATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Until the Secretary of the 
Interior takes the action described in subsection (b), the take of nesting swallows to facilitate a construction project on a bridge eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, with any component condition rating of 3 or less (as defined by the National Bridge Inventory Gen-eral Condition Guidance issued by the Federal Highway Administration) is authorized under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.) between April 1 and August 31. 
(2) M
EASURES TO MINIMIZE IMPACTS .— 
(A) N OTIFICATION BEFORE TAKING .—Prior to 
the taking of nesting swallows authorized under paragraph (1), any person taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains— 
(i) the name of the person acting under the 
authority of paragraph (1) to take nesting swal-lows; 
(ii) a list of practicable measures that will be 
undertaken to minimize or mitigate significant adverse impacts on the population of that spe-cies; 
(iii) the time period during which activities 
will be carried out that will result in the taking of that species; and 
(iv) an estimate of the number of birds, by spe-
cies, to be taken in the proposed action. 
(B) N
OTIFICATION AFTER TAKING .—Not later 
than 60 days after the taking of nesting swal-lows authorized under paragraph (1), any per-son taking that action shall submit to the Sec-retary of the Interior a document that contains the number of birds, by species, taken in the ac-tion. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF TAKE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in consultation with the Secretary, shall promulgate a regulation under the authority of section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) authorizing the take of nesting swal-lows to facilitate bridge repair, maintenance, or construction— 
(A) without individual permit requirements; 
and 
(B) under terms and conditions determined to 
be consistent with treaties relating to migratory birds that protect swallow species occurring in the United States. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—On the effective date of a 
final rule under this subsection by the Secretary of the Interior, subsection (a) shall have no force or effect. 
(c) S
USPENSION OR WITHDRAWAL OF TAKEAU-
THORIZATION .—If the Secretary of the Interior, 
in consultation with the Secretary, determines that taking of nesting swallows carried out under the authority provided in subsection (a)(1) is having a significant adverse impact on swallow populations, the Secretary of the Inte-rior may suspend that authority through publi-cation in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 11119. AT-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PRELIMINARY ENGINEER -
ING.—In this section, the term ‘‘preliminary en-
gineering’’ means allowable preconstruction project development and engineering costs. 
(b) A
T-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—A recipient or subrecipient of Federal-aid 
funds under title 23, United States Code, may— 
(1) incur preliminary engineering costs for an 
eligible project under title 23, United States Code, before receiving project authorization from the State, in the case of a subrecipient, and the Secretary to proceed with the project; and 
(2) request reimbursement of applicable Fed-
eral funds after the project authorization is re-ceived. 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may reim-
burse preliminary engineering costs incurred by a recipient or subrecipient under subsection (b)— 
(1) if the costs meet all applicable require-
ments under title 23, United States Code, at the time the costs are incurred and the Secretary concurs that the requirements have been met; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7434 November 3, 2015 
(2) in the case of a project located within a 
designated nonattainment or maintenance area for air quality, if the conformity requirements of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) have been met; and 
(3) if the costs would have been allowable if 
incurred after the date of the project authoriza-tion by the Department. 
(d) A
T-RISK.—A recipient or subrecipient that 
elects to use the authority provided under this section shall— 
(1) assume all risk for preliminary engineering 
costs incurred prior to project authorization; and 
(2) be responsible for ensuring and dem-
onstrating to the Secretary that all applicable cost eligibility conditions are met after the au-thorization is received. 
(e) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Nothing in this section— 
(1) allows a recipient or subrecipient to use 
the authority under this section to advance a project beyond preliminary engineering prior to the completion of the environmental review process; 
(2) waives the applicability of Federal require-
ments to a project other than the reimbursement of preliminary engineering costs incurred prior to an authorization to proceed in accordance with this section; or 
(3) guarantees Federal funding of the project 
or the eligibility of the project for future Fed-eral-aid highway funding. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 11201. CREDITS FOR UNTAXED TRANSPOR-
TATION FUELS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF QUALIFIED REVENUES .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘qualified revenues’’ means any amounts— 
(1) collected by a State— (A) for the registration of a vehicle that oper-
ates solely on a fuel that is not subject to a Fed-eral tax; and 
(B) not sooner than the second registration 
period following the purchase of the vehicle; and 
(2) that do not exceed, for a vehicle described 
in paragraph (1), an annual amount determined by the Secretary to be equal to the annual amount paid for Federal motor fuels taxes on the fuel used by an average passenger car fueled solely by gasoline. 
(b) C
REDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if a 
State contributes qualified revenues to cover not less than 5 percent of the total cost of a project eligible for assistance under this title, the Fed-eral share payable for the project under this sec-tion may be increased by an amount that is— 
(A) equal to the percent of the total cost of the 
project from contributed qualified revenues; but 
(B) not more than 5 percent of the total cost 
of the project. 
(2) E
XPIRATION .—The authorization of an in-
creased Federal share for a project pursuant to paragraph (1) expires on September 30, 2023. 
(c) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the expiration date of 
the credit under subsection (b)(2), the Secretary, in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies, shall submit to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port that describes the most efficient and equi-table means of taxing motor vehicle fuels not subject to a Federal tax as of the date of submis-sion of the report. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The means described in 
the report under paragraph (1) shall parallel, as closely as practicable, the structure of other Federal taxes on motor fuels. 
SEC. 11202. JUSTIFICATION REPORTS FOR AC-
CESS POINTS ON THE INTERSTATE SYSTEM. 
Section 111(e) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting ‘‘(including new or modified freeway-to-crossroad interchanges in-side a transportation management area)’’ after 
‘‘the Interstate System’’. 
SEC. 11203. EXEMPTIONS. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) N ATURAL GASVEHICLES .—A vehicle, if 
operated by an engine fueled primarily by nat-ural gas, may exceed any vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 82,000 pounds) under this section by an amount that is equal to the difference between— 
‘‘(1) the weight of the vehicle attributable to 
the natural gas tank and fueling system carried by that vehicle; and 
‘‘(2) the weight of a comparable diesel tank 
and fueling system. 
‘‘(n) E
MERGENCY VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF EMERGENCY VEHICLE .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘emergency vehicle’ means a vehicle designed to be used under emer-gency conditions— 
‘‘(A) to transport personnel and equipment; 
and 
‘‘(B) to support the suppression of fires and 
mitigation of other hazardous situations. 
‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY VEHICLE WEIGHT LIMIT .—Not-
withstanding subsection (a), a State shall not enforce against an emergency vehicle a vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 86,000 pounds) of less than— 
‘‘(A) 24,000 pounds on a single steering axle; ‘‘(B) 33,500 pounds on a single drive axle; ‘‘(C) 62,000 pounds on a tandem axle; or ‘‘(D) 52,000 pounds on a tandem rear drive 
steer axle. 
‘‘(o) O
PERATION OF CERTAIN SPECIALIZED VE-
HICLES ON CERTAIN HIGHWAYS IN THE STATE OF  
ARKANSAS .—If any segment of United States 
Route 63 between the exits for highways 14 and 75 in the State of Arkansas is designated as part of the Interstate System— 
‘‘(1) a vehicle that could legally operate on 
the segment before the date of the designation at the posted speed limit may continue to operate on that segment; and 
‘‘(2) a vehicle that can only travel below the 
posted speed limit on the segment that could otherwise legally operate on the segment before the date of the designation may continue to op-erate on that segment during daylight hours.’’. 
SEC. 11204. HIGH PRIORITY CORRIDORS ON THE 
NATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM. 
Section 1105 of the Intermodal Surface Trans-
portation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2031) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c) (105 Stat. 2032; 112 Stat. 
190; 119 Stat. 1213)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (13) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(13) Raleigh-Norfolk Corridor from Raleigh, 
North Carolina, through Rocky Mount, Williamston and Elizabeth City, North Carolina, to Norfolk, Virginia.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (18)(D)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) include Texas State Highway 44 from 
United States Route 59 at Freer, Texas, to Texas State Highway 358.’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (68) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(68) The Washoe County Corridor and the 
Intermountain West Corridor shall generally fol-low: 
‘‘(A) in the case of the Washoe County Cor-
ridor, along Interstate Route 580/United States Route 95/United States Route 95A, from Reno, Nevada, to Las Vegas, Nevada; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of the Intermountain West 
Corridor, from the vicinity of Las Vegas extend-ing north along United States Route 95, termi-nating at Interstate Route 80.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(81) United States Route 117/Interstate Route 
795 from United States Route 70 in Goldsboro, Wayne County, North Carolina, to Interstate 
Route 40 west of Faison, Sampson County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(82) United States Route 70 from its intersec-
tion with Interstate Route 40 in Garner, Wake County, North Carolina, to the Port at More-head City, Carteret County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(83) The Central Texas Corridor commencing 
at the logical terminus of Interstate 10, and gen-erally following portions of United States Route 190 eastward passing in the vicinity Fort Hood, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Bryan, College Station, Huntsville, Livingston, Woodville, and to the logical terminus of Texas Highway 63 at the Sabine River Bridge at Burrs Crossing.’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (A) (109 Stat. 597; 118 
Stat. 293; 119 Stat. 1213), in the first sentence— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(13),’’ after 
‘‘subsection (c)(9),’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsections (c)(18)’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘(c)(36)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(18), subsection (c)(20), subpara-graphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26), sub-section (c)(36)’’ ; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(57)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(57), subsection (c)(68)(B), subsection (c)(81), and subsection (c)(82)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(i) (109 Stat. 598; 126 
Stat. 427), by striking the last sentence and in-serting ‘‘The routes referred to in subpara-graphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26) and in subsection (c)(68)(B) are designated as Inter-state Route I–11.’’. 
SEC. 11205. REPEAT INTOXICATED DRIVER LAW. 
Section 164(a)(4) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) by inserting ‘‘or combination of laws’’ after ‘‘means a State law’’. 
SEC. 11206. VEHICLE-TO-INFRASTRUCTURE 
EQUIPMENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119(d)(2)(L) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing the installation of interoperable vehicle-to- infrastructure communication equipment’’ after ‘‘capital improvements’’. 
(b) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .— 
Section 133(b)(16) of title 23, United States Code, by inserting ‘‘, including the installation of interoperable vehicle-to-infrastructure commu-nication equipment’’ after ‘‘capital improve-ments’’. 
SEC. 11207. RELINQUISHMENT. 
A State transportation agency may relinquish 
park-and-ride lot facilities or portions of park- and-ride lot facilities to a local government agency for highway purposes if authorized to do so under State law. 
SEC. 11208. TRANSFER AND SALE OF TOLL CRED-
ITS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) E LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible State’’ 
means a State that— 
(A) is eligible to use a credit under section 
120(i) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) has been selected by the Secretary under 
subsection (d)(2). 
(2) R ECIPIENT STATE .—The term ‘‘recipient 
State’’ means a State that receives a credit by transfer or by sale under this section from an el-igible State. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the establish-ment of a nationwide toll credit monitoring and tracking system under subsection (g), the Sec-retary shall establish and implement a toll credit marketplace pilot program in accordance with this section. 
(c) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the pilot pro-
gram established under subsection (b) are— 
(1) to identify whether a monetary value can 
be assigned to toll credits; 
(2) to identify the discounted rate of toll cred-
its for cash; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7435 November 3, 2015 
(3) to determine if the purchase of toll credits 
by States provides the purchasing State budget flexibility to deal with funding issues, including off-system needs, transit systems with high oper-ating costs, or cash flow issues; and 
(4) to test the feasibility of expanding the toll 
credit market to allow all States to participate on a permanent basis. 
(d) S
ELECTION OF ELIGIBLE STATES .— 
(1) A PPLICATION TO SECRETARY .—In order to 
participate in the pilot program established under subsection (b), a State shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
(2) S
ELECTION .—Of the States that submit an 
application under paragraph (1), the Secretary may select not more than 10 States to be des-ignated as an eligible State. 
(e) T
RANSFER OR SALE OF CREDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot pro-
gram established under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall provide that an eligible State may transfer or sell to a recipient State a credit not used by the eligible State under section 120(i) of title 23, United States Code. 
(2) U
SE OF CREDITS BY TRANSFEREE OR PUR -
CHASER .—A recipient State may use a credit re-
ceived under paragraph (1) toward the non-Fed-eral share requirement for any funds made available to carry out title 23 or chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) C
ONDITION ON TRANSFER OR SALE OF CRED -
ITS.—To receive a credit under paragraph (1), a 
recipient State shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary described in section 120(i) of title 23, United States Code. 
(f) U
SE OF PROCEEDS FROM SALE OF CRED-
ITS.—An eligible State shall use the proceeds 
from the sale of a credit under subsection (e)(1) for any project in the eligible State that is eligi-ble under the surface transportation program es-tablished under section 133 of title 23, United States Code. 
(g) T
OLL CREDIT MONITORING AND TRACK -
ING.—Not later than 180 days after the enact-
ment of this section, the Secretary shall estab-lish a nationwide toll credit monitoring and tracking system that functions as a real-time database on the inventory and use of toll credits among all States (as defined in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code). 
(h) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which a credit is transferred or sold under subsection (e)(1), the eligible State shall submit to the Secretary in writing a notifi-cation of the transfer or sale. 
(i) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of establishment of the pilot pro-gram under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of the pilot program. 
(2) S
TATE REPORT .— 
(A) R EPORT BY ELIGIBLE STATE .—Not later 
than 30 days after a purchase or sale under sub-section (e)(1), an eligible State shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes— 
(i) information on the transaction; (ii) the amount of cash received and the value 
of toll credits sold; 
(iii) the intended use of the cash; and (iv) an update on the remaining toll credit 
balance of the State. 
(B) R
EPORT BY RECIPIENT STATE .—Not later 
than 30 days after a purchase or sale under sub-section (e)(1), a recipient State shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes— 
(i) the value of toll credits purchased; (ii) the anticipated use of the toll credits; and (iii) plans for maintaining maintenance of ef-
fort for spending on Federal-aid highways projects. 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the pilot program under subsection (b) is established and each year 
thereafter that the pilot program is in effect, the Secretary shall— 
(A) submit to the Committee on Environment 
and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(i) determines whether a toll credit market-
place is viable; 
(ii) describes the buying and selling activities 
of the pilot program; 
(iii) describes the monetary value of toll cred-
its; 
(iv) determines whether the pilot program 
could be expanded to more States or all States; and 
(v) provides updated information on the toll 
credit balance accumulated by each State; and 
(B) make the report described in subpara-
graph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
(j) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may termi-
nate the program established under this section or the participation of any State in the program if the Secretary determines that the program is not serving a public benefit. 
SEC. 11209. REGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACCEL-
ERATOR DEMONSTRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a regional infrastructure demonstration program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘pro-gram’’) to assist entities in developing improved infrastructure priorities and financing strategies for the accelerated development of a project that is eligible for funding under the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION OF REGIONAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCELERATORS .—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Secretary may designate regional in-frastructure accelerators that will— 
(1) serve a defined geographic area; and (2) act as a resource in the geographic area to 
qualified entities in accordance with this sec-tion. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a designa-
tion under subsection (b), a proposed regional infrastructure accelerator shall submit to the Secretary a proposal at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
(d) C
RITERIA .—In evaluating a proposal sub-
mitted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) the need for geographic diversity among 
regional infrastructure accelerators; and 
(2) the ability of the proposal to promote in-
vestment in covered infrastructure projects, which shall include a plan— 
(A) to evaluate and promote innovative fi-
nancing methods for local projects, including the use of the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) to build capacity of State, local, and tribal 
governments to evaluate and structure projects involving the investment of private capital; 
(C) to provide technical assistance and infor-
mation on best practices with respect to financ-ing the projects; 
(D) to increase transparency with respect to 
infrastructure project analysis and using inno-vative financing for public infrastructure projects; 
(E) to deploy predevelopment capital programs 
designed to facilitate the creation of a pipeline of infrastructure projects available for invest-ment; 
(F) to bundle smaller-scale and rural projects 
into larger proposals that may be more attrac-tive for investment; and 
(G) to reduce transaction costs for public 
project sponsors. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than 
once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes the findings and effectiveness of the program. 
(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $12,000,000, of which the Sec-
retary shall use— 
(1) $11,750,000 for initial grants to regional in-
frastructure accelerators under subsection (b); and 
(2) $250,000 for administrative costs of car-
rying out the program. 
SEC. 11210. SONORAN CORRIDOR INTERSTATE 
DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the des-
ignation of the Sonoran Corridor Interstate con-necting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south of the Tucson International Airport as a future part of the Interstate System would— 
(1) enhance direct linkage between major 
trading routes connecting growing ports, agri-cultural regions, infrastructure and manufac-turing centers, and existing high priority cor-ridors of the National Highway System; and 
(2) significantly improve connectivity on the 
future Interstate 11 and the CANAMEX Cor-ridor, a route directly linking the United States with Mexico and Canada. 
(b) H
IGHPRIORITY CORRIDORS ON NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—Section 1105(c) of the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2032; 119 Stat. 1210) (as amended by section 11204) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(84) State Route 410, the Sonoran Corridor 
connecting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south of the Tucson International Airport.’’. 
(c) F
UTURE PARTS OF INTERSTATE SYSTEM .— 
Section 1105(e)(5)(A) of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2033; 119 Stat. 1213) (as amended by section 11204) is amended in the first sentence by strik-ing ‘‘and subsection (c)(82)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (c)(82), and subsection (c)(84)’’. 
TITLE II—TRANSPORTATION INNOVATION 
Subtitle A—Research 
SEC. 12001. RESEARCH, TECHNOLOGY, AND EDU-
CATION. 
(a) H IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—Section 503(b)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (xviii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (xix), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xx) accelerated mobile, highway-speed, 
bridge inspection methods that provide quan-titative data-driven decisionmaking capabilities without requiring lane closures; and 
‘‘(xxi) innovative segmental wall technology 
for soil bank stabilization and roadway sound attenuation, and articulated technology for hy-draulic sheer-resistant erosion control.’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D)(i), by inserting ‘‘and 
section 119(e)’’ after ‘‘this subparagraph’’. 
(b) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOY -
MENT PROGRAM .—Section 503(c) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘establish and implement’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause (i) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) use not less than 50 percent of the funds 
authorized to carry out this subsection to make grants to, and enter into cooperative agreements and contracts with, States, other Federal agen-cies, local governments, metropolitan planning organizations, institutions of higher education, private sector entities, and nonprofit organiza-tions to carry out demonstration programs that will accelerate the deployment and adoption of transportation research activities;’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-
paragraph (D); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) I
NNOVATION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the program 
established under subparagraph (B)(i), the Sec-retary shall establish a transparent competitive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7436 November 3, 2015 
process in which entities described in subpara-
graph (B)(i) may submit an application to re-ceive a grant under this subsection. 
‘‘(ii) P
UBLICATION OF APPLICATION PROCESS .— 
A description of the application process estab-lished by the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) be posted on a public website; ‘‘(II) identify the information required to be 
included in the application; and 
‘‘(III) identify the criteria by which the Sec-
retary shall select grant recipients. 
‘‘(iii) S
UBMISSION OF APPLICATION .—To receive 
a grant under this paragraph, an entity de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(i) shall submit an application to the Secretary. 
‘‘(iv) S
ELECTION AND APPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary shall select and approve an application submitted under clause (iii) based on whether the project described in the application meets the goals of the program described in paragraph (1).’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘each of 
fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
505(c)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 503(c)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 503 (c)(2)(D)’’. 
SEC. 12002. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEMS. 
(a) I NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
DEPLOYMENT .—Section 513 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
YSTEM OPERATIONS AND ITS D EPLOY -
MENT GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a competitive grant program to accel-erate the deployment, operation, systems man-agement, intermodal integration, and interoper-ability of the ITS program and ITS-enabled operational strategies— 
‘‘(A) to measure and improve the performance 
of the surface transportation system; 
‘‘(B) to reduce traffic congestion and the eco-
nomic and environmental impacts of traffic con-gestion; 
‘‘(C) to minimize fatalities and injuries; ‘‘(D) to enhance mobility of people and goods; ‘‘(E) to improve traveler information and serv-
ices; and 
‘‘(F) to optimize existing roadway capacity. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this subsection, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) a plan to deploy and provide for the 
long-term operation and maintenance of intel-ligent transportation systems to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and return on investment, such as— 
‘‘(i) autonomous vehicle communication tech-
nologies; 
‘‘(ii) vehicle-to-vehicle or vehicle-to-infra-
structure communication technologies; 
‘‘(iii) real-time integrated traffic, transit, and 
multimodal transportation information; 
‘‘(iv) advanced traffic, freight, parking, and 
incident management systems; 
‘‘(v) advanced technologies to improve transit 
and commercial vehicle operations; 
‘‘(vi) synchronized, adaptive, and transit pref-
erential traffic signals; 
‘‘(vii) advanced infrastructure condition as-
sessment technologies; and 
‘‘(viii) other technologies to improve system 
operations, including ITS applications nec-essary for multimodal systems integration and for achieving performance goals; 
‘‘(B) quantifiable system performance im-
provements, including— 
‘‘(i) reductions in traffic-related crashes, con-
gestion, and costs; 
‘‘(ii) optimization of system efficiency; and ‘‘(iii) improvement of access to transportation 
services; 
‘‘(C) quantifiable safety, mobility, and envi-
ronmental benefit projections, including data- driven estimates of the manner in which the 
project will improve the efficiency of the trans-portation system and reduce traffic congestion in the region; 
‘‘(D) a plan for partnering with the private 
sector, including telecommunications industries and public service utilities, public agencies (in-cluding multimodal and multijurisdictional enti-ties), research institutions, organizations rep-resenting transportation and technology lead-ers, and other transportation stakeholders; 
‘‘(E) a plan to leverage and optimize existing 
local and regional ITS investments; and 
‘‘(F) a plan to ensure interoperability of de-
ployed technologies with other tolling, traffic management, and intelligent transportation sys-tems. 
‘‘(3) S
ELECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Effective beginning not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary may provide grants to eligible entities under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—In awarding a 
grant under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that grant recipients represent diverse geographical areas of the United States, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(C) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—In awarding a 
grant under the subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to grant recipients that dem-onstrate an ability to contribute a significant non-Federal share to the cost of carrying out the project for which the grant is received. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE USES .—Projects for which 
grants awarded under this subsection may be used include— 
‘‘(A) the deployment of autonomous vehicle 
communication technologies; 
‘‘(B) the deployment of vehicle-to-vehicle or 
vehicle-to-infrastructure communication tech-nologies; 
‘‘(C) the establishment and implementation of 
ITS and ITS-enabled operations strategies that improve performance in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) traffic operations; ‘‘(ii) emergency response to surface transpor-
tation incidents; 
‘‘(iii) incident management; ‘‘(iv) transit and commercial vehicle oper-
ations improvements; 
‘‘(v) weather event response management by 
State and local authorities; 
‘‘(vi) surface transportation network and fa-
cility management; 
‘‘(vii) construction and work zone manage-
ment; 
‘‘(viii) traffic flow information; ‘‘(ix) freight management; and ‘‘(x) congestion management; ‘‘(D) carrying out activities that support the 
creation of networks that link metropolitan and rural surface transportation systems into an in-tegrated data network, capable of collecting, sharing, and archiving transportation system traffic condition and performance information; 
‘‘(E) the implementation of intelligent trans-
portation systems and technologies that improve highway safety through information and com-munications systems linking vehicles, infra-structure, mobile devices, transportation users, and emergency responders; 
‘‘(F) the provision of services necessary to en-
sure the efficient operation and management of ITS infrastructure, including costs associated with communications, utilities, rent, hardware, software, labor, administrative costs, training, and technical services; 
‘‘(G) the provision of support for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of institutional rela-tionships between transportation agencies, po-lice, emergency medical services, private emer-gency operators, freight operators, shippers, public service utilities, and telecommunications providers; 
‘‘(H) carrying out multimodal and cross-juris-
dictional planning and deployment of regional transportation systems operations and manage-ment approaches; and ‘‘(I) performing project evaluations to deter-
mine the costs, benefits, lessons learned, and fu-ture deployment strategies associated with the deployment of intelligent transportation sys-tems. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—For each fiscal 
year that an eligible entity receives a grant under this subsection, not later than 1 year after receiving the grant, each recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes how the project has met the expectations pro-jected in the deployment plan submitted with the application, including information on— 
‘‘(A) how the program has helped reduce traf-
fic crashes, congestion, costs, and other benefits of the deployed systems; 
‘‘(B) the effect of measuring and improving 
transportation system performance through the deployment of advanced technologies; 
‘‘(C) the effectiveness of providing real-time 
integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to the public that al-lows the public to make informed travel deci-sions; and 
‘‘(D) lessons learned and recommendations for 
future deployment strategies to optimize trans-portation efficiency and multimodal system per-formance. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date on which the first grant is awarded under this subsection and annually thereafter for each fiscal year for which grants are awarded under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report that de-scribes the effectiveness of the grant recipients in meeting the projected deployment plan goals, including data on how the grant program has— 
‘‘(A) reduced traffic-related fatalities and in-
juries; 
‘‘(B) reduced traffic congestion and improved 
travel-time reliability; 
‘‘(C) reduced transportation-related emissions; ‘‘(D) optimized multimodal system perform-
ance; 
‘‘(E) improved access to transportation alter-
natives; 
‘‘(F) provided the public with access to real- 
time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to make informed travel decisions; 
‘‘(G) provided cost savings to transportation 
agencies, businesses, and the traveling public; and 
‘‘(H) provided other benefits to transportation 
users and the general public. 
‘‘(7) A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—If the Secretary de-
termines, based on a report submitted under paragraph (5), that a grant recipient is not com-plying with the established grant criteria, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) cease payment to the recipient of any re-
maining grant amounts; and 
‘‘(B) redistribute any remaining amounts to 
other eligible entities under this section. 
‘‘(8) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share 
of the cost of a project for which a grant is pro-vided under this subsection shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(9) F
UNDING .—Of the funds made available 
each fiscal year to carry out the intelligent transportation system program under sections 512 through 518, not less than $30,000,000 shall be used to carry out this subsection.’’. 
(b) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
GOALS AND PURPOSES .—Section 514(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(5) improvement of the ability of the United 
States to respond to security-related or other manmade emergencies and natural disasters; and 
‘‘(6) enhancement of the freight system of the 
United States and support to freight policy goals by conducting heavy duty vehicle demonstration activities and accelerating adoption of ITS ap-plications in freight operations.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7437 November 3, 2015 
(c) ITS A DVISORY COMMITTEE REPORT .—Sec-
tion 515(h)(4) of title 23, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘February 1 of each year after the date of enactment of the Transportation Re-search and Innovative Technology Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1 of each year’’. 
SEC. 12003. FUTURE INTERSTATE STUDY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) a well-developed system of transportation 
infrastructure is critical to the economic well- being, health, and welfare of the people of the United States; 
(2) the 47,000-mile national Interstate System 
is the backbone to that transportation infra-structure system; and 
(3) as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) many segments of the approximately 60- 
year-old Interstate System are well beyond the 50-year design life of the System and yet these aging facilities are central to the transportation infrastructure system, carrying 25 percent of the vehicle traffic of the United States on just 1 per-cent of the total public roadway mileage; 
(B) the need for ongoing maintenance, preser-
vation, and reconstruction of the Interstate Sys-tem has grown due to increasing and changing travel demands; and 
(C) simple maintenance of the current condi-
tion and configuration of the Interstate System is insufficient for the System to fully serve the transportation needs of the United States for the next 50 years. 
(b) F
UTURE INTERSTATE SYSTEM STUDY .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies to conduct a study on the actions needed to upgrade and re-store the Dwight D. Eisenhower National Sys-tem of Interstate and Defense Highways to its role as a premier system network that meets the growing and shifting demands of the 21st cen-tury and for the next 50 years (referred to in this section as the ‘‘study’’). 
(c) M
ETHODOLOGIES .—In conducting the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall build on the methodologies examined and rec-ommended in the report prepared for the Amer-ican Association of State Highway and Trans-portation Officials entitled ‘‘National Coopera-tive Highway Research Program Project 20– 24(79): Specifications for a National Study of the Future 3R, 4R, and Capacity Needs of the Inter-state System’’ and dated December 2013. 
(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The study— 
(1) shall include specific recommendations re-
garding the features, standards, capacity needs, application of technologies, and intergovern-mental roles to upgrade the Interstate System, including any revisions to law (including regu-lations) that the Transportation Research Board determines appropriate to achieve the goals; and 
(2) is encouraged to build on the robust insti-
tutional knowledge in the highway industry in applying the techniques involved in imple-menting the study. 
(e) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall determine the need for reconstruction and im-provement of the Interstate System by consid-ering— 
(1) future demands on transportation infra-
structure determined for national planning pur-poses, including commercial and private traffic flows to serve future economic activity and growth; 
(2) the expected condition of the current Inter-
state System over the next 50 years, including long-term deterioration and reconstruction needs; 
(3) those National Highway System routes 
that should be added to the existing Interstate System to more efficiently serve national traffic flows; 
(4) features that would take advantage of 
technological capabilities to address modern standards of construction, maintenance, and 
operations, for purposes of safety, and system management, taking into further consideration system performance and cost; and 
(5) the resources necessary to maintain and 
improve the Interstate System, including the re-sources required to upgrade those National Highway System routes identified in paragraph (3) to Interstate standards. 
(f) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study, 
the Transportation Research Board— 
(1) shall convene and consult with a panel of 
national experts including current and future owners, operators, and users of the Interstate System and private sector stakeholders; and 
(2) is encouraged to consult with— (A) the Federal Highway Administration; (B) States; (C) planning agencies at the metropolitan, 
State, and regional levels; 
(D) the motor carrier industry; (E) freight shippers; (F) highway safety groups; and (G) other appropriate entities. (g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Transpor-tation Research Board shall submit to the Sec-retary, the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under this section. 
(h) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Develop-ment Program, the Secretary shall use up to $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 12004. RESEARCHING SURFACE TRANSPOR-
TATION SYSTEM FUNDING ALTER-NATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall promote 
the research of user-based alternative revenue mechanisms that preserve a user fee structure to maintain the long-term solvency of the Highway Trust Fund. 
(b) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the re-
search described in subsection (a) shall be— 
(1) to study uncertainties relating to the de-
sign, acceptance, and implementation of 2 or more future user-based alternative revenue mechanisms; 
(2) to define the functionality of those user- 
based alternative revenue mechanisms; 
(3) to conduct or promote research activities to 
demonstrate and test those user-based alter-native revenue mechanisms, including by con-ducting field trials, by partnering with indi-vidual States, groups of States, or other appro-priate entities to conduct the research activities; 
(4) to conduct outreach to increase public 
awareness regarding the need for alternative funding sources for surface transportation pro-grams and provide information on possible ap-proaches; 
(5) to provide recommendations regarding 
adoption and implementation of those user- based alternative revenue mechanisms; and 
(6) to minimize the administrative cost of any 
potential user-based alternative revenue mecha-nisms. 
(c) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall provide 
grants to individual States, groups of States, or other appropriate entities to conduct research that addresses— 
(1) the implementation, interoperability, pub-
lic acceptance, and other potential hurdles to the adoption of a user-based alternative revenue mechanism; 
(2) the protection of personal privacy; (3) the use of independent and private third- 
party vendors to collect fees and operate the user-based alternative revenue mechanism; 
(4) equity concerns, including the impacts of 
the user-based alternative revenue mechanism on differing income groups, various geographic areas, and the relative burdens on rural and urban drivers; 
(5) ease of compliance for different users of 
the transportation system; (6) the reliability and security of technology 
used to implement the user-based alternative revenue mechanism; 
(7) the flexibility and choices of user-based al-
ternative revenue mechanisms, including the ability of users to select from various technology and payment options; 
(8) the cost of administering the user-based al-
ternative revenue mechanism; and 
(9) the ability of the administering entity to 
audit and enforce user compliance. 
(d) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treas-ury, shall establish and lead a Surface Trans-portation Revenue Alternatives Advisory Coun-cil (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Coun-cil’’) to inform the selection and evaluation of user-based alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The members of the Council 
shall— 
(i) be appointed by the Secretary; and (ii) include, at a minimum— (I) representatives with experience in user- 
based alternative revenue mechanisms, of which— 
(aa) not fewer than 1 shall be from the De-
partment; 
(bb) not fewer than 1 shall be from the De-
partment of the Treasury; and 
(cc) not fewer than 2 shall be from State de-
partments of transportation; 
(II) representatives from applicable users of 
the surface transportation system; and 
(III) appropriate technology and public pri-
vacy experts. 
(B) G
EOGRAPHIC CONSIDERATIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall consider geographic diversity when selecting members under this paragraph. 
(3) F
UNCTIONS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the Council is established, the Council shall, at a minimum— 
(A) define the functionality of 2 or more user- 
based alternative revenue mechanisms; 
(B) identify technological, administrative, in-
stitutional, privacy, and other issues that— 
(i) are associated with the user-based alter-
native revenue mechanisms; and 
(ii) may be researched through research ac-
tivities; 
(C) conduct public outreach to identify and 
assess questions and concerns about the user- based alternative revenue mechanisms for future evaluation through research activities; and 
(D) provide recommendations to the Secretary 
on the process and criteria used for selecting re-search activities under subsection (c). 
(4) E
VALUATIONS .—The Council shall conduct 
periodic evaluations of the research activities that have received assistance from the Secretary under this section. 
(5) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY COM -
MITTEE ACT .—The Council shall not be subject 
to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(e) B
IENNIAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the completion of the research activities under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury, the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report describing the progress of the re-search activities. 
(f) F
INAL REPORT .—On the completion of the 
research activities under this section, the Sec-retary and the Secretary of the Treasury, acting jointly, shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nance and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the results 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7438 November 3, 2015 
of the research activities and any recommenda-
tions. 
(g) F UNDING .—Of the funds authorized to 
carry out section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code— 
(1) $15,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section in fiscal year 2016; and 
(2) $20,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
Subtitle B—Data 
SEC. 12101. TRIBAL DATA COLLECTION. 
Section 201(c)(6) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(C) T
RIBAL DATA COLLECTION .—In addition 
to the data to be collected under subparagraph (A), not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, any entity carrying out a project under the tribal transportation program under section 202 shall submit to the Secretary and the Secretary of Interior, based on obligations and expenditures under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year, the following data: 
‘‘(i) The names of projects or activities carried 
out by the entity under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A description of the projects or activities 
identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) The current status of the projects or ac-
tivities identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iv) An estimate of the number of jobs cre-
ated and the number of jobs retained by the projects or activities identified under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 12102. PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATA 
SUPPORT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATA SUP-
PORT.—The Administrator of the Federal High-
way Administration shall develop, use, and maintain data sets and data analysis tools to assist metropolitan planning organizations, States, and the Federal Highway Administra-tion in carrying out performance management analyses (including the performance manage-ment requirements under section 150 of title 23, United States Code). 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The data analysis activities 
authorized under subsection (a) may include— 
(1) collecting and distributing vehicle probe 
data describing traffic on Federal-aid highways; 
(2) collecting household travel behavior data 
to assess local and cross-jurisdictional travel, including to accommodate external and through travel; 
(3) enhancing existing data collection and 
analysis tools to accommodate performance measures, targets, and related data, so as to bet-ter understand trip origin and destination, trip time, and mode; 
(4) enhancing existing data analysis tools to 
improve performance predictions and travel models in reports described in section 150(e) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(5) developing tools— (A) to improve performance analysis; and (B) to evaluate the effects of project invest-
ments on performance. 
(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Develop-ment Program, the Administrator may use up to $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
Subtitle C—Transparency and Best Practices 
SEC. 12201. EVERY DAY COUNTS INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is in the national interest 
for the Department, State departments of trans-portation, and all other recipients of Federal transportation funds— 
(1) to identify, accelerate, and deploy innova-
tion aimed at shortening project delivery, en-hancing the safety of the roadways of the United States, and protecting the environment; 
(2) to ensure that the planning, design, engi-
neering, construction, and financing of trans-portation projects is done in an efficient and ef-fective manner; (3) to promote the rapid deployment of proven 
solutions that provide greater accountability for public investments and encourage greater pri-vate sector involvement; and 
(4) to create a culture of innovation within 
the highway community. 
(b) E
VERY DAYCOUNTS INITIATIVE .—To ad-
vance the policy described in subsection (a), the Administrator of the Federal Highway Adminis-tration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’) shall continue the Every Day Counts initiative to work with States, local transportation agencies, and industry stake-holders to identify and deploy proven innova-tive practices and products that— 
(1) accelerate innovation deployment; (2) shorten the project delivery process; (3) improve environmental sustainability; (4) enhance roadway safety; and (5) reduce congestion. (c) I
NNOVATION DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least every 2 years, the 
Administrator shall work collaboratively with stakeholders to identify a new collection of in-novations, best practices, and data to be de-ployed to highway stakeholders through case studies, webinars, and demonstration projects. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In identifying a collec-
tion described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into account market readiness, im-pacts, benefits, and ease of adoption of the in-novation or practice. 
(d) P
UBLICATION .—Each collection identified 
under subsection (c) shall be published by the Administrator on a publicly available website. 
SEC. 12202. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Not later than 
1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies with responsibility for the review and approval of projects funded under title 23, United States Code, shall measure and report on— 
(1) the progress made toward aligning Federal 
reviews of projects funded under title 23, United States Code, and the improvement of project de-livery associated with those projects; and 
(2) as applicable, the effectiveness of the De-
partment in achieving the goals described in sec-tion 150(b) of title 23, United States Code, through discretionary programs. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (a). 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 12203. GRANT PROGRAM FOR ACHIEVEMENT 
IN TRANSPORTATION FOR PERFORM-ANCE AND INNOVATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-
ty’’ includes— 
(A) a State; (B) a unit of local government; (C) a tribal organization (as defined in section 
4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); and 
(D) a metropolitan planning organization. (2) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means— 
(A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and (D) any other territory (as defined in section 
165(c)(1) of title 23, United States Code). 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a competitive grant pro-gram to reward— (1) achievement in transportation performance 
management; and 
(2) the implementation of strategies that 
achieve innovation and efficiency in surface transportation. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this section shall be to reward entities for the implementation of policies and procedures that— 
(1) support performance-based management of 
the surface transportation system and improve transportation outcomes; or 
(2) use innovative technologies and practices 
that improve the efficiency and performance of the surface transportation system. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may sub-
mit to the Secretary an application for a grant under this section. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application under para-
graph (1) shall indicate the means by which the eligible entity has met the requirements and purpose of the program under this section, in-cluding by— 
(A) establishing, and making progress toward 
achieving, performance targets that exceed the requirements of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) using innovative techniques and practices 
that enhance the effective movement of people, goods, and services, such as technologies that reduce construction time, improve operational efficiencies, and extend the service life of high-ways and bridges; and 
(C) employing transportation planning tools 
and procedures that improve transparency and the development of transportation investment strategies within the jurisdiction of the eligible entity. 
(e) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—In awarding a 
grant under this section, the Secretary shall take into consideration the extent to which the application of the applicable eligible entity under subsection (d)— 
(1) demonstrates performance in meeting the 
requirements of subsection (c); and 
(2) promotes the national goals described in 
section 150(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
(f) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Amounts made 
available to carry out this section shall be used for projects eligible for funding under— 
(1) title 23, United States Code; or (2) chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. (g) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant 
under this section shall be not more than $15,000,000. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be ap-
propriated out of the general fund of the Treas-ury to carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to remain available until expended. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary 
shall withhold a reasonable amount of funds made available under paragraph (1) for admin-istration of the program under this section, not to exceed 3 percent of the amount appropriated for each applicable fiscal year. 
(i) A
PPLICABILITY OF REQUIREMENTS .— 
Amounts made available under this section shall be administered as if the funds were appor-tioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 12204. HIGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANS-
PARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (g) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANSPARENCY  
ANDACCOUNTABILITY REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) P UBLICLY AVAILABLE REPORT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act and quarterly thereafter, the Sec-retary shall compile data in accordance with this subsection on the use of Federal-aid high-way program funds made available under this title. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the reports required under this sub-section are made available in a user-friendly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7439 November 3, 2015 
manner on the public website of the Department 
of Transportation and can be searched and downloaded by users of the website. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) A PPORTIONED AND ALLOCATED PRO -
GRAMS .—For each fiscal year, the report shall 
include comprehensive data for each program, organized by State, that includes— 
‘‘(i) the total amount of funds available for 
obligation, identifying the unobligated balance of funds available at the end of the preceding fiscal year and new funding available for the current fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funding obligated 
during the current fiscal year; 
‘‘(iii) the remaining amount of funds available 
for obligation; 
‘‘(iv) changes in the obligated, unexpended 
balance during the current fiscal year, includ-ing the obligated, unexpended balance at the end of the preceding fiscal year and current fis-cal year expenditures; and 
‘‘(v) the percentage of the total amount of ob-
ligations for the current fiscal year used for construction and the total amount obligated during the current fiscal year for rehabilitation. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECT DATA .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the report shall include project-spe-cific data, including data describing— 
‘‘(i) the specific location of a project; ‘‘(ii) whether the project is located in an area 
of the State with a population of— 
‘‘(I) less than 5,000 individuals; ‘‘(II) 5,000 or more individuals but less than 
50,000 individuals; or 
‘‘(III) 50,000 or more individuals; ‘‘(iii) the total cost of the project; ‘‘(iv) the amount of Federal funding being 
used on the project; 
‘‘(v) the 1 or more programs from which Fed-
eral funds are obligated on the project; 
‘‘(vi) the type of improvement being made, 
such as categorizing the project as— 
‘‘(I) a road reconstruction project; ‘‘(II) a new road construction project; ‘‘(III) a new bridge construction project; ‘‘(IV) a bridge rehabilitation project; or ‘‘(V) a bridge replacement project; and ‘‘(vii) the ownership of the highway or bridge. ‘‘(C) T
RANSFERS BETWEEN PROGRAMS .—The re-
port shall include a description of the amount of funds transferred between programs by each State under section 126.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1503 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112– 141) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 12205. REPORT ON HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 150 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report describing the ad-ministrative expenses of the Federal Highway Administration funded from the Highway Trust Fund during the 3 most recent fiscal years. 
(b) U
PDATES .—Not later than 5 years after the 
date on which the report is submitted under subsection (a) and every 5 years thereafter, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report that updates the information provided in the report under that subsection for the pre-ceding 5-year period. 
(c) I
NCLUSIONS .—Each report submitted under 
subsection (a) or (b) shall include a description of the— 
(1) types of administrative expenses of pro-
grams and offices funded by the Highway Trust Fund; 
(2) tracking and monitoring of administrative 
expenses; 
(3) controls in place to ensure that funding for 
administrative expenses is used as efficiently as practicable; and 
(4) flexibility of the Department to reallocate 
amounts from the Highway Trust Fund between full-time equivalent employees and other func-tions. 
SEC. 12206. AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
available to the public on the website of the De-partment any report required to be submitted by 
the Secretary to Congress after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—Each report described in sub-
section (a) shall be made available on the website not later than 30 days after the report is submitted to Congress. 
SEC. 12207. PERFORMANCE PERIOD ADJUST-
MENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)(7), by striking ‘‘for 2 con-
secutive reports submitted under this paragraph shall include in the next report submitted’’ and inserting ‘‘shall include as part of the perform-ance target report under section 150(e)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘If, 
during 2 consecutive reporting periods, the con-dition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the Interstate System, in a State falls’’ and inserting ‘‘If a State reports that the condition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the Interstate System, has fallen’’. 
(b) H
IGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 148(i) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘performance targets of the State estab-lished under section 150(d) by the date that is 2 years after the date of the establishment of the performance targets’’ and inserting ‘‘safety per-formance targets of the State established under section 150(d)’’; and 
(2) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by inserting 
‘‘safety’’ before ‘‘performance targets’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 12208. DESIGN STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 109 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘may take into account’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall consider’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘access 
for’’ and inserting ‘‘access and safety for’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (F); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) the publication entitled ‘Highway Safety 
Manual’ of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials; 
‘‘(E) the publication entitled ‘Urban Street 
Design Guide’ of the National Association of City Transportation Officials; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘pedestrian 
walkways,’’ after ‘‘bikeways,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) S
AFETY FOR MOTORIZED AND NON-
MOTORIZED USERS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall establish standards to ensure that the design of Federal surface transpor-tation projects provides for the safe and ade-quate accommodation (as determined by the State or other direct recipient of funds), in all phases of project planning, development, and operation, of all users of the transportation net-work, including motorized and nonmotorized users. 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER FOR STATE LAW OR POLICY .—The 
Secretary may waive the application of stand-ards established under paragraph (1) to a State that has adopted a law or policy that provides for the safe and adequate accommodation (as determined by the State or other direct recipient of funds), in all phases of project planning and development, of users of the transportation net-work on federally funded surface transportation projects. 
‘‘(3) C
OMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State department of 
transportation shall submit a report to the Sec-retary, at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary shall require, that describes measures implemented by the State to comply with this subsection. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—Upon 
the receipt of a report from a State under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall determine whether the State is in compliance with this sec-tion.’’. 
(b) D
ESIGN STANDARD FLEXIBILITY .—Notwith-
standing section 109(o) of title 23, United States Code, a local jurisdiction may use a roadway design guide that is different from the roadway design guide used by the State in which the local jurisdiction is located for the design of projects on all roadways under the ownership of the local jurisdiction (other than a highway on the Interstate System) if— 
(1) the local jurisdiction is the project sponsor; (2) the roadway design guide— (A) is recognized by the Federal Highway Ad-
ministration; and 
(B) is adopted by the local jurisdiction; and (3) the design complies with all other applica-
ble Federal laws. 
TITLE III—TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 13001. TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 601(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘In this chapter, the’’ and in-
serting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘to sections 601 through 609’’ 
after ‘‘apply’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) capitalizing a rural projects fund using 
the proceeds of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603, for the purpose of making loans to sponsors of rural infrastructure projects in ac-cordance with section 610.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(4) in paragraph (10)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘related’’ before ‘‘projects’’; 
and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(which shall receive an in-
vestment grade rating from a rating agency)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘subject 
to the availability of future funds being made available to carry out this chapter;’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subject to— 
‘‘(i) the availability of future funds being 
made available to carry out the TIFIA program; and 
‘‘(ii) the satisfaction of all of the conditions 
for the provision of credit assistance under the TIFIA program, including section 603(b)(1);’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as 
clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; 
(ii) by inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) receiving an investment grade rating 
from a rating agency;’’; 
(iii) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘section 602(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘includ-ing sections 602(c) and 603(b)(1)’’; and 
(iv) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(5) in paragraph (12)— (A) in subparagraph (D)(iv), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7440 November 3, 2015 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) a project to improve or construct public 
infrastructure that is located within walking distance of, and accessible to, a fixed guideway transit facility, passenger rail station, intercity bus station, or intermodal facility, including a transportation, public utility, and capital project described in section 5302(3)(G)(v) of title 49, and related infrastructure; 
‘‘(F) a project for the acquisition of plant and 
wildlife habitat pursuant to a conservation plan that— 
‘‘(i) has been approved by the Secretary of the 
Interior pursuant to section 10 of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1539); and 
‘‘(ii) as determined by the Secretary of the In-
terior, would mitigate the environmental im-pacts of transportation infrastructure projects otherwise eligible for assistance under the TIFIA program; and 
‘‘(G) the capitalization of a rural projects 
fund by a State infrastructure bank with the proceeds of a secured loan made in accordance with sections 602 and 603, for the purpose of making loans to sponsors of rural infrastructure projects in accordance with section 610.’’; 
(6) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘means’’ 
and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘means a surface transpor-tation infrastructure project located in an area that is outside of an urbanized area with a pop-ulation greater than 150,000 individuals, as de-termined by the Bureau of the Census.’’; 
(7) by redesignating paragraphs (16), (17), 
(18), (19), and (20) as paragraphs (17), (18), (20), (21), and (22), respectively; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(16) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term ‘rural 
projects fund’ means a fund— 
‘‘(A) established by a State infrastructure 
bank in accordance with section 610(d)(4); 
‘‘(B) capitalized with the proceeds of a se-
cured loan made to the bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603; and 
‘‘(C) for the purpose of making loans to spon-
sors of rural infrastructure projects in accord-ance with section 610.’’; 
(9) by inserting after paragraph (18) (as redes-
ignated) the following: 
‘‘(19) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANK .—The term 
‘State infrastructure bank’ means an infrastruc-ture bank established under section 610.’’; and 
(10) in paragraph (22) (as redesignated), by 
inserting ‘‘established under sections 602 through 609’’ after ‘‘Department’’. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY AND  
PROJECT SELECTION .—Section 602 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘E
LI-
GIBLE PROJECT COST PARAMETERS .—’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘subparagraph (B), to be eligible for assist-ance under this chapter, a project’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C), a project under the TIFIA program’’; 
(II) by striking clause (i) and inserting the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(i) $50,000,000; and’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘assistance’’; 
and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking the subparagraph designation 
and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS .— 
In the case’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) T RANSIT -ORIENTED DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .—In the case of a project described in 
section 601(a)(12)(E), eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000. 
‘‘(iii) R
URAL PROJECTS .—In the case of a rural 
infrastructure project or a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000, but not to exceed $100,000,000. 
‘‘(iv) L
OCAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—Eli-
gible project costs shall be reasonably antici-pated to equal or exceed $10,000,000 in the case of projects or programs of projects— 
‘‘(I) in which the applicant is a local govern-
ment, public authority, or instrumentality of local government; 
‘‘(II) located on a facility owned by a local 
government; or 
‘‘(III) for which the Secretary determines that 
a local government is substantially involved in the development of the project.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘To be eligible’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), to be eligible’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and inserting 
‘‘no later than’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the State infrastructure bank shall demonstrate, not later than 2 years after the date on which a se-cured loan is obligated for the project under the TIFIA program, that the bank has executed a loan agreement with a borrower for a rural in-frastructure project in accordance with section 610. After the demonstration is made, the bank may draw upon the secured loan. At the end of the 2-year period, to the extent the bank has not used the loan commitment, the Secretary may extend the term of the loan or withdraw the loan commitment.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (2) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) P ROGRAM OF RELATED PROJECTS .—The 
Secretary may enter into a master credit agree-ment for a program of related projects secured by a common security pledge on terms accept-able to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) A
DEQUATE FUNDING NOT AVAILABLE .—If 
the Secretary fully obligates funding to eligible projects for a fiscal year and adequate funding is not available to fund a credit instrument, a project sponsor of an eligible project may elect to enter into a master credit agreement and wait to execute a credit instrument until the fiscal year for which additional funds are available to receive credit assistance.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(c) S
ECURED LOANTERMS AND LIMITATIONS .— 
Section 603(b) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The amount of’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the amount of’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the maximum amount of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank shall be determined in accordance with section 602(a)(5)(B)(iii).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (A) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(V) in the case of a secured loan for a project 
capitalizing a rural projects fund, any other dedicated revenue sources available to a State infrastructure bank, including repayments from loans made by the bank for rural infrastructure projects; and’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘under this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘or a rural projects fund under the TIFIA program’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and rural 
project funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; 
(4) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘The final’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the final’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the final maturity date of the secured loan shall not exceed 35 years after the date on which the se-cured loan is obligated.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (9)— (A) by striking ‘‘The total Federal assistance 
provided on a project receiving a loan under this chapter’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The total Federal assist-
ance provided for a project receiving a loan under the TIFIA program’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—A project cap-
italizing a rural projects fund shall satisfy clause (i) through compliance with the Federal share requirement described in section 610(e)(3)(B).’’. 
(d) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—Section 605 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) A
SSISTANCE TO SMALL PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds 
made available to carry out the TIFIA program for each fiscal year, and after the set-aside under section 608(a)(6), not less than $2,000,000 shall be made available for the Secretary to use in lieu of fees collected under subsection (b) for projects under the TIFIA program having eligi-ble project costs that are reasonably anticipated not to equal or exceed $75,000,000. 
‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—Any funds not used 
under paragraph (1) shall be made available on October 1 of the following fiscal year to provide credit assistance to any project under the TIFIA program.’’. 
(e) S
TATE AND LOCAL PERMITS .—Section 606 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 607 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(g) F
UNDING .—Section 608 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘of’’ after 
‘‘504(f)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or rural 
projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7441 November 3, 2015 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
rural projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (4) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(D) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘0.50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘1.5 per-cent’’. 
(h) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 609 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘this chapter (other than section 610)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’. 
(i) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANKPROGRAM .— 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(11) R
URAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT .—The 
term ‘rural infrastructure project’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 601. 
‘‘(12) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term ‘rural 
projects fund’ has the meaning given the term in section 601.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘each of 
fiscal years’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year under each of paragraphs (1), (2), and (5) of section 104(b); and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in each of 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘in each of 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
(D) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), respectively; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—Subject to sub-
section (j), the Secretary may permit a State en-tering into a cooperative agreement under this section to establish a State infrastructure bank to deposit into the rural projects fund of the bank the proceeds of a secured loan made to the bank in accordance with section 602 and 603.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘section 133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 133(d)(1)(A)(i)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(e) F
ORMS OF ASSISTANCE FROM STATE IN-
FRASTRUCTURE BANKS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State infrastructure bank 
established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account of the bank, make loans or provide other forms of cred-it assistance to a public or private entity to carry out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or private entity to carry out a rural infrastructure project. 
‘‘(2) S
UBORDINATION OF LOAN .—The amount of 
a loan or other form of credit assistance pro-vided for a project described in paragraph (1) may be subordinated to any other debt financ-ing for the project. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—A 
State infrastructure bank established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account, make loans or provide other forms of credit assistance to a public or private entity in an amount up to 100 percent of the cost of carrying out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or private entity in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of the cost of carrying out a rural infrastructure project. 
‘‘(4) I
NITIAL ASSISTANCE .—Initial assistance 
provided with respect to a project from Federal funds deposited into a State infrastructure bank 
under this section may not be made in the form of a grant.’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘each ac-
count’’ and inserting ‘‘the highway account, the transit account, and the rail account’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, except 
that any loan funded from the rural projects fund of the bank shall bear interest at or below the interest rate charged for the TIFIA loan provided to the bank under section 603’’ after ‘‘feasible’’; and 
(5) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘For each of 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. 
TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 14001. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Section 101(a)(29) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting a comma 
after ‘‘disabilities’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (F)(i), by striking 
‘‘133(b)(11)’’ and inserting ‘‘133(b)(14)’’. 
(b) Section 119(d)(1)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘mobility,’’ and inserting ‘‘congestion reduction, system re-liability,’’. 
(c) Section 126(b) of title 23, United States 
Code (as amended by section 11014(b)), is amended by striking ‘‘133(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘133(d)(1)(A)’’. 
(d) Section 127(a)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118(b)(2) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(e) Section 150(c)(3)(B) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting a period. 
(f) Section 153(h)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (4)’’. 
(g) Section 163(f)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118(b)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(h) Section 165(c)(7) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2), (4), (7), (8), (14), and (19)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (2), (4), (6), (7), and (14)’’. 
(i) Section 202(b)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i), in the matter pre-
ceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘(a)(6),’’ after ‘‘subsections’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(IV), by striking 
‘‘(III).]’’ and inserting ‘‘(III).’’. 
(j) Section 217(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘104(b)(4)’’. 
(k) Section 327(a)(2)(B)(iii) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 13 4321 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’. 
(l) Section 504(a)(4) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
(m) Section 515 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sections 512 through 518’’. 
(n) Section 518(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a report’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’. 
(o) Section 6302(b)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘6310’’ and inserting ‘‘6309’’. 
(p) Section 1301(l)(3) of SAFETEA–LU (23 
U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘com-
plied’’ and inserting ‘‘compiled’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. 
(q) Section 4407 of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 
109–59; 119 Stat. 1777), is amended by striking ‘‘hereby enacted into law’’ and inserting ‘‘granted’’. (r) Section 51001(a)(1) of the Transportation 
Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 864) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 503(b), 503(d), and 509’’ and inserting ‘‘section 503(b)’’. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 15001. APPALACHIAN DEVELOPMENT HIGH-
WAY SYSTEM. 
Section 1528 of MAP–21 (40 U.S.C. 14501 note; 
Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2021’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘2050’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘shall be 100 percent’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall be up to 100 percent, as determined by the State’’. 
SEC. 15002. APPALACHIAN REGIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) H IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEVELOPMENT  
INITIATIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 145 
of subtitle IV of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 14509. High-speed broadband deployment 
initiative 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Appalachian Regional 
Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into contracts, or otherwise provide amounts to individuals or entities in the Appalachian region for projects and activities— 
‘‘(1) to increase affordable access to 
broadband networks throughout the Appa-lachian region; 
‘‘(2) to conduct research, analysis, and train-
ing to increase broadband adoption efforts in the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(3) to provide technology assets, including 
computers, smartboards, and video projectors to educational systems throughout the Appa-lachian region; 
‘‘(4) to increase distance learning opportuni-
ties throughout the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(5) to increase the use of telehealth tech-
nologies in the Appalachian region; and 
‘‘(6) to promote e-commerce applications in the 
Appalachian region. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABLE AMOUNTS .—Of 
the cost of any activity eligible for a grant under this section— 
‘‘(1) not more than 50 percent may be provided 
from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of a project to be carried out 
in a county for which a distressed county des-ignation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 80 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a project to be carried out 
in a county for which an at-risk designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 70 percent may be provided from amounts appro-priated to carry out this section. 
‘‘(c) S
OURCES OF ASSISTANCE .—Subject to sub-
section (b), a grant provided under this section may be provided from amounts made available to carry out this section in combination with amounts made available— 
‘‘(1) under any other Federal program; or ‘‘(2) from any other source. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Ap-palachian Regional Commission determines to be appropriate.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 14508 the following: 
‘‘14509. High-speed broadband deployment ini-
tiative.’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 14703 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7442 November 3, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2021’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT  
INITIATIVE .—Of the amounts made available 
under subsection (a), $10,000,000 shall be used to carry out section 14509 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14704 of title 40, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section take effect on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 15003. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE 
AND INNOVATION. 
Section 3907(a) of title 33, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as 
paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively. 
SEC. 15004. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS TO EN-
COURAGE POLLINATOR HABITAT AND FORAGE ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(including 
the enhancement of habitat and forage for polli-nators)’’ before ‘‘adjacent’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TAT AND FORAGE DEVELOPMENT AND PROTEC -
TION ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS -OF-WAY.—In 
carrying out any program administered by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall, in conjunction with willing States, as appro-priate— 
‘‘(1) encourage integrated vegetation manage-
ment practices on roadsides and other transpor-tation rights-of-way, including reduced mowing; and 
‘‘(2) encourage the development of habitat 
and forage for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees through plantings of native forbs and grasses, including noninvasive, native milkweed species that can serve as migratory way stations for butterflies and facilitate migrations of other pollinators.’’. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF HABITAT , FORAGE , ANDMI-
GRATORY WAYSTATIONS FOR MONARCH BUTTER -
FLIES , OTHER NATIVE POLLINATORS , ANDHONEY  
BEES.—Section 329(a)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘provision of habitat, forage, and migratory way stations for Monarch butterflies, other native polli-nators, and honey bees,’’ before ‘‘and aesthetic enhancement’’. 
SEC. 15005. STUDY ON PERFORMANCE OF 
BRIDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the 
Administrator of the Federal Highway Adminis-
tration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’) shall commission the Transpor-tation Research Board of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the perform-ance of bridges that received funding under the innovative bridge research and construction program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘pro-gram’’) under section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1144)) in meeting the goals of that program, which included— 
(1) the development of new, cost-effective in-
novative material highway bridge applications; 
(2) the reduction of maintenance costs and 
lifecycle costs of bridges, including the costs of new construction, replacement, or rehabilitation of deficient bridges; 
(3) the development of construction techniques 
to increase safety and reduce construction time and traffic congestion; 
(4) the development of engineering design cri-
teria for innovative products and materials for use in highway bridges and structures; (5) the development of cost-effective and inno-
vative techniques to separate vehicle and pedes-trian traffic from railroad traffic; 
(6) the development of highway bridges and 
structures that will withstand natural disasters, including alternative processes for the seismic retrofit of bridges; and 
(7) the development of new nondestructive 
bridge evaluation technologies and techniques. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The study commissioned 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of the performance of bridges 
that received funding under the program in meeting the goals described in paragraphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a); 
(2) an analysis of the utility, compared to con-
ventional materials and technologies, of each of the innovative materials and technologies used in projects for bridges under the program in meeting the needs of the United States in 2015 and in the future for a sustainable and low lifecycle cost transportation system; 
(3) recommendations to Congress on how the 
installed and lifecycle costs of bridges could be reduced through the use of innovative materials and technologies, including, as appropriate, any changes in the design and construction of bridges needed to maximize the cost reductions; and 
(4) a summary of any additional research that 
may be needed to further evaluate innovative approaches to reducing the installed and lifecycle costs of highway bridges. 
(c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Before commissioning 
the study under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the study proposal. 
(d) D
ATAFROM STATES .—Each State that re-
ceived funds under the program shall provide to the Transportation Research Board any rel-evant data needed to carry out the study com-missioned under subsection (a). 
(e) D
EADLINE .—The Administrator shall sub-
mit to Congress the study commissioned under subsection (a) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 15006. SPORT FISH RESTORATION AND REC-
REATIONAL BOATING SAFETY. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish 
Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c), as amended by section 73103, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
DIVISION B—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
TITLE XXI—FEDERAL PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION ACT 
SEC. 21001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Public 
Transportation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 21002. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 5302 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘bicycle 
storage facilities and installing equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘bicycle storage shelters and parking facilities and the installation of equipment’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking subparagraph (F) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(F) leasing equipment or a facility for use in 
public transportation;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (G)— (i) in clause (iv), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(iii) by striking clause (vi); 
(C) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(D) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) associated transit improvements; or ‘‘(N) technological changes or innovations to 
modify low or no emission vehicles (as defined in section 5339(c)) or facilities.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(24) V
ALUE CAPTURE .—The term ‘value cap-
ture’ means recovering the increased value to property located near public transportation re-sulting from investments in public transpor-tation.’’. 
SEC. 21003. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 5303 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘resil-
ient’’ after ‘‘development of’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bi-cycle transportation facilities, intermodal facili-ties that support intercity transportation, in-cluding intercity buses and intercity bus facili-ties, and commuter vanpool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection of 
officials or representatives under paragraph (2) shall be determined by the metropolitan plan-ning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organization. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling statute 
of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transpor-tation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An offi-
cial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have re-sponsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensurate with other officials described in paragraph (2)(B).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by inserting ‘‘nat-
ural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘environ-mental protection,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability of 
the transportation system.’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘tran-
sit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transportation facili-ties, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, and reduce vulnerability due to natural disasters of the existing transportation infrastructure’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (H), by inserting before 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and oper-ated’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before ‘‘freight 
shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)(C)’’ each place that term appears and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (2)(E)’’; 
(8) in subsection (j)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (k)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(3)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7443 November 3, 2015 
(9) in subsection (k)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(10) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding a period at 
the end; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; 
(11) by striking subsection (n); (12) by redesignating subsections (o), (p), and 
(q) as subsections (n), (o), and (p), respectively; 
(13) in subsection (o), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘set aside under section 104(f) of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘apportioned under para-graphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b) of title 23’’; and 
(14) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) T
REATMENT OF LAKETAHOE REGION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF LAKE TAHOE REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Lake Tahoe Region’ has the meaning given the term ‘region’ in sub-section (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Re-gional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For purposes of this title, 
the Lake Tahoe Region shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area under 
subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised 
of— 
‘‘(i) a population of 145,000 and 25 square 
miles of land area in the State of California; and 
‘‘(ii) a population of 65,000 and 12 square 
miles of land area in the State of Nevada.’’. 
SEC. 21004. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5304 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bi-cycle transportation facilities, intermodal facili-ties that support intercity transportation, in-cluding intercity buses and intercity bus facili-ties, and commuter vanpool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability of 
the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘ur-
banized areas with a population of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as calculated according to the most recent decennial census, and’’ and in-serting ‘‘areas’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘this 
chapter’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘urbanized areas with a popu-
lation of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as cal-culated according to the most recent decennial census, and’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘’In’’ and inserting ‘‘In’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and inserting 
‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection (l)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(including 
intercity bus operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transpor-tation’’; 
(C) in paragraph (7), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, including 
consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and 
energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’ before the period at the end; 
(5) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before ‘‘freight 
shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transpor-tation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (i); and (7) by redesignating subsections (j), (k), and 
(l) as subsections (i), (j), and (k), respectively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
5303(b)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 5304(l)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 5304(k)’’. 
SEC. 21005. URBANIZED AREA FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or general 
public demand response service’’ before ‘‘dur-ing’’ each place that term appears; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO SPECIAL RULE .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (2), if a public transpor-tation system described in that paragraph exe-cutes a written agreement with 1 or more other public transportation systems within the urban-ized area to allocate funds for the purposes de-scribed in that paragraph by a method other than by measuring vehicle revenue hours, each public transportation system that is a party to the written agreement may follow the terms of the written agreement without regard to meas-ured vehicle revenue hours referred to in that paragraph. 
‘‘(4) T
EMPORARY AND TARGETED ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may make a 
grant under this section to finance the oper-ating cost of equipment and facilities to a recipi-ent for use in public transportation in an area that the Secretary determines has— 
‘‘(i) a population of not fewer than 200,000 in-
dividuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; and 
‘‘(ii) a 3-month unemployment rate, as re-
ported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, that is— 
‘‘(I) greater than 7 percent; and ‘‘(II) at least 2 percentage points greater than 
the lowest 3-month unemployment rate for the area during the 5-year period preceding the date of the determination. 
‘‘(B) A
WARD OF GRANT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subparagraph, the Secretary may make a grant under this paragraph for not more than 2 consecutive fiscal years. 
‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL YEAR .—If, at the end of the 
second fiscal year following the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to an area, the Sec-retary determines that the 3-month unemploy-ment rate for the area is at least 2 percentage points greater than the unemployment rate for the area at the time the Secretary made the de-termination under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary may make a grant to a recipient in the area for 1 additional consecutive fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) E
XCLUSION PERIOD .—Beginning on the 
last day of the last consecutive fiscal year for which a recipient receives a grant under this paragraph, the Secretary may not make a subse-quent grant under this paragraph to the recipi-ent for a number of fiscal years equal to the number of consecutive fiscal years in which the recipient received a grant under this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(i) F IRST FISCAL YEAR .—For the first fiscal 
year following the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to an area, not more than 25 per-cent of the amount apportioned to a designated recipient under section 5336 for the fiscal year shall be available for operating assistance for the area. 
‘‘(ii) S
ECOND AND THIRD FISCAL YEARS .—For 
the second and third fiscal years following the date on which the Secretary makes a determina-tion under subparagraph (A) with respect to an area, not more than 20 percent of the amount apportioned to a designated recipient under sec-tion 5336 for the fiscal year shall be available for operating assistance for the area. 
‘‘(D) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY FOR OPERATING  
ASSISTANCE .—Operating assistance awarded 
under this paragraph shall be available for ex-penditure to a recipient in an area until the end of the second fiscal year following the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to the area, after which time any unexpended funds shall be available to the recipient for other eligi-ble activities under this section. 
‘‘(E) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary may 
make a grant for operating assistance under this paragraph for a fiscal year only if the recipient certifies that— 
‘‘(i) the recipient will maintain public trans-
portation service levels at or above the current service level, which shall be demonstrated by providing an equal or greater number of vehicle hours of service in the fiscal year than the num-ber of vehicle hours of service provided in the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) any non-Federal entity that provides 
funding to the recipient, including a State or local governmental entity, will maintain the tax rate or rate of allocations dedicated to public transportation at or above the rate for the pre-ceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(iii) the recipient has allocated the maximum 
amount of funding under this section for pre-ventive maintenance costs eligible as a capital expense necessary to maintain the level and quality of service provided in the preceding fis-cal year; and 
‘‘(iv) the recipient will not use funding under 
this section for new capital assets except as nec-essary for the existing system to maintain or achieve a state of good repair, assure safety, or replace obsolete technology.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in a 
state of good repair’’ after ‘‘equipment and fa-cilities’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (J), by adding ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (K); and (D) by redesignating subparagraph (L) as sub-
paragraph (K). 
SEC. 21006. FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL INVEST-
MENT GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5309 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and week-
end days’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, small 
start projects,’’ after ‘‘new fixed guideway cap-ital projects’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) 2 or more projects that are any combina-
tion of new fixed guideway capital projects, small start projects, and core capacity improve-ment projects.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$250,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘, policies 
and land use patterns that promote public transportation,’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7444 November 3, 2015 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A)— 
(i) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by striking clause (iv); and (iii) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv); (3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘, the 
policies and land use patterns that support pub-lic transportation,’’; 
(4) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(d) or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d), (e), or (h)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project or core capacity improvement’’ after ‘‘federally funded’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(D) the program of interrelated projects, 
when evaluated as a whole— 
‘‘(i) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2), subsection (e)(2), or paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (h), as applicable, if the pro-gram is comprised entirely of— 
‘‘(I) new fixed guideway capital projects; ‘‘(II) core capacity improvement projects; or ‘‘(III) small start projects; or ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2) if the program is comprised of any com-bination of new fixed guideway projects, small start projects, and core capacity improvement projects;’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or 
(h)(5), as applicable’’ after ‘‘subsection (f)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—A project re-
ceiving a grant under this section that is part of a program of interrelated projects may not ad-vance— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a small start project, from 
the project development phase to the construc-tion phase unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a new fixed guideway cap-
ital project or a core capacity improvement project, from the project development phase to the engineering phase, or from the engineering phase to the construction phase, unless the Sec-retary determines that the program of inter-related projects meets the applicable require-ments of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) J
OINT PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION AND  
INTERCITY PASSENGER RAILPROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants for new fixed guideway capital projects and core capacity improvement projects that provide both public transportation and intercity passenger rail service. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE COSTS .—Eligible costs for a 
project under this subsection shall be limited to the net capital costs of the public transportation costs attributable to the project based on pro-jected use of the new segment or expanded ca-pacity of the project corridor, not including project elements designed to achieve or maintain a state of good repair, as determined by the Sec-retary under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(3) P
ROJECT JUSTIFICATION AND LOCAL FINAN -
CIAL COMMITMENT .—A project under this sub-
section shall be evaluated for project justifica-tion and local financial commitment under sub-sections (d), (e), (f), and (h), as applicable to the project, based on— 
‘‘(A) the net capital costs of the public trans-
portation costs attributable to the project as de-termined under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(B) the share of funds dedicated to the 
project from sources other than this section in-cluded in the unified finance plan for the project. 
‘‘(4) C
ALCULATION OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The Secretary shall estimate the net cap-ital costs of a project under this subsection 
based on— 
‘‘(A) engineering studies; ‘‘(B) studies of economic feasibility; ‘‘(C) the expected use of equipment or facili-
ties; and 
‘‘(D) the public transportation costs attrib-
utable to the project. 
‘‘(5) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
‘‘(A) G OVERNMENT SHARE .—The Government 
share shall not exceed 80 percent of the net cap-ital cost attributable to the public transpor-tation costs of a project under this subsection as determined under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The remain-
der of the net capital cost attributable to the public transportation costs of a project under this subsection shall be provided from an undis-tributed cash surplus, a replacement or depre-ciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital.’’. 
(b) E
XPEDITED PROJECT DELIVERY FOR CAP-
ITALINVESTMENT GRANTS PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions shall apply: 
(A) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘‘applicant’’ means 
a State or local governmental authority that ap-plies for a grant under this subsection. 
(B) C
APITAL PROJECT ; FIXED GUIDEWAY ; LOCAL  
GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY ; PUBLIC TRANSPOR -
TATION ; STATE ; STATE OF GOOD REPAIR .—The 
terms ‘‘capital project’’, ‘‘fixed guideway’’, ‘‘local governmental authority’’, ‘‘public trans-portation’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘state of good repair’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code. 
(C) C
ORE CAPACITY IMPROVEMENT PROJECT .— 
The term ‘‘core capacity improvement project’’— 
(i) means a substantial corridor-based capital 
investment in an existing fixed guideway system that increases the capacity of a corridor by not less than 10 percent; and 
(ii) may include project elements designed to 
aid the existing fixed guideway system in mak-ing substantial progress towards achieving a state of good repair. 
(D) C
ORRIDOR -BASED BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘corridor-based bus rapid 
transit project’’ means a small start project uti-lizing buses in which the project represents a substantial investment in a defined corridor as demonstrated by features that emulate the serv-ices provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems— 
(i) including— (I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public transpor-
tation vehicles; 
(III) short headway bidirectional services for 
a substantial part of weekdays; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may de-
termine support a long-term corridor investment; and 
(ii) the majority of which does not operate in 
a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak periods. 
(E) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .—The term ‘‘eligible 
project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a small start project, or a core capacity improvement project that has not entered into a full funding grant agreement with the Federal Transit Administration before the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(F) F
IXED GUIDEWAY BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘fixed guideway bus rapid 
transit project’’ means a bus capital project— 
(i) in which the majority of the project oper-
ates in a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak periods; 
(ii) that represents a substantial investment in 
a single route in a defined corridor or subarea; and 
(iii) that includes features that emulate the 
services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public transpor-
tation vehicles; (III) short headway bidirectional services for 
a substantial part of weekdays and weekend days; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may de-
termine are necessary to produce high-quality public transportation services that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems. 
(G) N
EW FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL PROJECT .— 
The term ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project’’ means— 
(i) a fixed guideway project that is a minimum 
operable segment or extension to an existing fixed guideway system; or 
(ii) a fixed guideway bus rapid transit project 
that is a minimum operable segment or an exten-sion to an existing bus rapid transit system. 
(H) R
ECIPIENT .—The term ‘‘recipient’’ means 
a recipient of funding under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(I) S
MALL START PROJECT .—The term ‘‘small 
start project’’ means a new fixed guideway cap-ital project, a fixed guideway bus rapid transit project, or a corridor-based bus rapid transit project for which— 
(i) the Federal assistance provided or to be 
provided under this subsection is less than $75,000,000; and 
(ii) the total estimated net capital cost is less 
than $300,000,000. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants under this subsection to States and local governmental authorities to assist in fi-nancing— 
(A) new fixed guideway capital projects or 
small start projects, including the acquisition of real property, the initial acquisition of rolling stock for the system, the acquisition of rights-of- way, and relocation, for projects in the ad-vanced stages of planning and design; and 
(B) core capacity improvement projects, in-
cluding the acquisition of real property, the ac-quisition of rights-of-way, double tracking, sig-nalization improvements, electrification, ex-panding system platforms, acquisition of rolling stock associated with corridor improvements in-creasing capacity, construction of infill stations, and such other capacity improvement projects as the Secretary determines are appropriate to increase the capacity of an existing fixed guide-way system corridor by not less than 10 percent. Core capacity improvement projects do not in-clude elements to improve general station facili-ties or parking, or acquisition of rolling stock alone. 
(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make not 
more than 10 grants under this subsection for an eligible project if the Secretary determines that— 
(i) the eligible project is part of an approved 
transportation plan required under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; 
(ii) the applicant has, or will have— (I) the legal, financial, and technical capacity 
to carry out the eligible project, including the safety and security aspects of the eligible project; 
(II) satisfactory continuing control over the 
use of the equipment or facilities; 
(III) the technical and financial capacity to 
maintain new and existing equipment and facili-ties; and 
(IV) advisors providing guidance to the appli-
cant on the terms and structure of the project that are independent from investors in the project; 
(iii) the eligible project is supported, or will be 
supported, in part, through a public-private partnership, provided such support is deter-mined by local policies, criteria, and decision-making under section 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(iv) the eligible project is justified based on 
findings presented by the project sponsor to the Secretary, including— 
(I) mobility improvements attributable to the 
project; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7445 November 3, 2015 
(II) environmental benefits associated with 
the project; 
(III) congestion relief associated with the 
project; 
(IV) economic development effects derived as a 
result of the project; and 
(V) estimated ridership projections; and (v) the eligible project is supported by an ac-
ceptable degree of local financial commitment (including evidence of stable and dependable fi-nancing sources). 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—An applicant that has 
submitted the certifications required under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), (C), and (H) of section 5307(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall be deemed to have provided sufficient information upon which the Secretary may make the deter-minations required under this paragraph. 
(C) T
ECHNICAL CAPACITY .—The Secretary shall 
use an expedited technical capacity review proc-ess for applicants that have recently and suc-cessfully completed not less than 1 new fixed guideway capital project, small start project, or core capacity improvement project, if— 
(i) the applicant achieved budget, cost, and 
ridership outcomes for the project that are con-sistent with or better than projections; and 
(ii) the applicant demonstrates that the appli-
cant continues to have the staff expertise and other resources necessary to implement a new project. 
(D) F
INANCIAL COMMITMENT .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENTS .—In determining whether 
an eligible project is supported by an acceptable degree of local financial commitment and shows evidence of stable and dependable financing sources for purposes of subparagraph (A)(v), the Secretary shall require that— 
(I) each proposed source of capital and oper-
ating financing is stable, reliable, and available within the proposed eligible project timetable; and 
(II) resources are available to recapitalize, 
maintain, and operate the overall existing and proposed public transportation system, includ-ing essential feeder bus and other services nec-essary, without degradation to the existing level of public transportation services. 
(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In assessing the sta-
bility, reliability, and availability of proposed sources of financing under clause (i), the Sec-retary shall consider— 
(I) the reliability of the forecasting methods 
used to estimate costs and revenues made by the applicant and the contractors to the applicant; 
(II) existing grant commitments; 
(III) the degree to which financing sources are 
dedicated to the proposed eligible project; 
(IV) any debt obligation that exists or is pro-
posed by the applicant, for the proposed eligible project or other public transportation purpose; and 
(V) private contributions to the eligible 
project, including cost-effective project delivery, management or transfer of project risks, expe-dited project schedule, financial partnering, and other public-private partnership strategies. 
(E) L
ABOR STANDARDS .—The requirements 
under section 5333 of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to each recipient of a grant under this subsection. 
(4) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—An applicant 
that desires a grant under this subsection and meets the requirements of paragraph (3) shall submit to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall approve for advancement, a grant request that contains— 
(A) identification of an eligible project; (B) a schedule and finance plan for the con-
struction and operation of the eligible project; 
(C) an analysis of the efficiencies of the pro-
posed eligible project development and delivery methods and innovative financing arrangement for the eligible project, including any documents related to the— 
(i) public-private partnership required under 
paragraph (3)(A)(iii); and 
(ii) project justification required under para-
graph (3)(A)(iv); and (D) a certification that the existing public 
transportation system of the applicant or, in the event that the applicant does not operate a pub-lic transportation system, the public transpor-tation system to which the proposed project will be attached, is in a state of good repair. 
(5) W
RITTEN NOTICE FROM THE SECRETARY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date on which the Secretary receives a grant request of an applicant under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall provide written notice to the applicant— 
(i) of approval of the grant request; or (ii) if the grant request does not meet the re-
quirements under paragraph (4), of disapproval of the grant request, including a detailed expla-nation of the reasons for the disapproval. 
(B) C
ONCURRENT NOTICE .—The Secretary shall 
provide concurrent notice of an approval or dis-approval of a grant request under subparagraph (A) to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(6) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may grant a 
waiver to an applicant that does not comply with paragraph (4)(D) if— 
(A) the eligible project meets the definition of 
a core capacity improvement project; and 
(B) the Secretary certifies that the eligible 
project will allow the applicant to make sub-stantial progress in achieving a state of good re-pair. 
(7) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary may 
enter into a full funding grant agreement with an applicant under this subsection for an eligi-ble project for which an application has been submitted and approved for advancement by the Secretary under paragraph (4), only if the ap-plicant has completed the planning and activi-ties required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(8) L
ETTERS OF INTENT AND FULL FUNDING  
GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(A) L ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
(i) A MOUNTS INTENDED TO BE OBLIGATED .— 
The Secretary may issue a letter of intent to an applicant announcing an intention to obligate, for an eligible project under this subsection, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the eligible project. When a letter is issued for an eligible project under this subsection, the amount shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
(ii) T
REATMENT .—The issuance of a letter 
under clause (i) is deemed not to be an obliga-tion under section 1108(c), 1501, or 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, or an administra-tive commitment. 
(B) F
ULL FUNDING GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause 
(v), an eligible project shall be carried out under this subsection through a full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall enter into 
a full funding grant agreement, based the re-quirements of this subparagraph, with each ap-plicant receiving assistance for an eligible project that has received a written notice of ap-proval under paragraph (5)(A)(i). 
(iii) T
ERMS .—A full funding grant agreement 
shall— 
(I) establish the terms of participation by the 
Federal Government in the eligible project; 
(II) establish the maximum amount of Federal 
financial assistance for the eligible project; 
(III) include the period of time for completing 
construction of the eligible project, consistent with the terms of the public-private partnership agreement, even if that period extends beyond the period of an authorization; and 
(IV) make timely and efficient management of 
the eligible project easier according to the law of the United States. 
(iv) S
PECIAL FINANCIAL RULES .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—A full funding grant agree-
ment under this subparagraph obligates an amount of available budget authority specified 
in law and may include a commitment, contin-gent on amounts to be specified in law in ad-vance for commitments under this subpara-graph, to obligate an additional amount from future available budget authority specified in law. 
(II) S
TATEMENT OF CONTINGENT COMMIT -
MENT .—A full funding grant agreement shall 
state that the contingent commitment is not an obligation of the Federal Government. 
(III) I
NTEREST AND OTHER FINANCING COSTS .— 
Interest and other financing costs of efficiently carrying out a part of the eligible project within a reasonable time are a cost of carrying out the eligible project under a full funding grant agree-ment, except that eligible costs may not be more than the cost of the most favorable financing terms reasonably available for the eligible project at the time of borrowing. The applicant shall certify, in a way satisfactory to the Sec-retary, that the applicant has shown reasonable diligence in seeking the most favorable financ-ing terms. 
(IV) C
OMPLETION OF OPERABLE SEGMENT .— 
The amount stipulated in an agreement under this subparagraph for a new fixed guideway capital project, core capacity improvement project, or small start project shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
(v) E
XCEPTION .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, to the max-
imum extent practicable, shall provide Federal assistance under this subsection for a small start project in a single grant. If the Secretary cannot provide such a single grant, the Secretary may execute an expedited grant agreement in order to include a commitment on the part of the Sec-retary to provide funding for the project in fu-ture fiscal years. 
(II) T
ERMS OF EXPEDITED GRANT AGREE -
MENTS .—In executing an expedited grant agree-
ment under this clause, the Secretary may in-clude in the agreement terms similar to those es-tablished under clause (iii). 
(C) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into 
full funding grant agreements under this para-graph for eligible projects that contain contin-gent commitments to incur obligations in such amounts as the Secretary determines are appro-priate. 
(ii) A
PPROPRIATION REQUIRED .—An obligation 
may be made under this paragraph only when amounts are appropriated for obligation. 
(D) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days before 
the date on which the Secretary issues a letter of intent or enters into a full funding grant agreement for an eligible project under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify, in writ-ing, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives of the proposed letter of intent or full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—The written notification 
under clause (i) shall include a copy of the pro-posed letter of intent or full funding grant agreement for the eligible project. 
(9) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant for an eligible 
project shall not exceed 25 percent of the net capital project cost. 
(B) R
EMAINDER OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The remainder of the net capital project 
cost shall be provided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital. 
(C) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this subsection shall be con-
strued as authorizing the Secretary to require a non-Federal financial commitment for a project that is more than 75 percent of the net capital project cost. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7446 November 3, 2015 
(D) S PECIAL RULE FOR ROLLING STOCK  
COSTS .—In addition to amounts allowed pursu-
ant to subparagraph (A), a planned extension to a fixed guideway system may include the cost of rolling stock previously purchased if the appli-cant satisfies the Secretary that only amounts other than amounts provided by the Federal Government were used and that the purchase was made for use on the extension. A refund or reduction of the remainder may be made only if a refund of a proportional amount of the grant of the Federal Government is made at the same time. 
(E) F
AILURE TO CARRY OUT PROJECT .—If an 
applicant does not carry out an eligible project for reasons within the control of the applicant, the applicant shall repay all Federal funds awarded for the eligible project from all Federal funding sources, for all eligible project activi-ties, facilities, and equipment, plus reasonable interest and penalty charges allowable by law. 
(F) C
REDITING OF FUNDS RECEIVED .—Any 
funds received by the Federal Government under this paragraph, other than interest and penalty charges, shall be credited to the appro-priation account from which the funds were originally derived. 
(10) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An amount made available 
for an eligible project shall remain available to that eligible project for 5 fiscal years, including the fiscal year in which the amount is made available. Any amounts that are unobligated to the eligible project at the end of the 5-fiscal-year period may be used by the Secretary for any purpose under this subsection. 
(B) U
SE OF DEOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—An 
amount available under this subsection that is deobligated may be used for any purpose under this subsection. 
(11) A
NNUAL REPORT ON EXPEDITED PROJECT  
DELIVERY FOR CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .— 
Not later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that includes a proposed amount to be available to finance grants for anticipated projects under this subsection. 
(12) B
EFORE AND AFTER STUDY AND REPORT .— 
(A) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Each recipient shall 
conduct a study that— 
(i) describes and analyzes the impacts of the 
eligible project on public transportation services and public transportation ridership; 
(ii) describes and analyzes the consistency of 
predicted and actual benefits and costs of the innovative project development and delivery methods or innovative financing for the eligible project; and 
(iii) identifies reasons for any differences be-
tween predicted and actual outcomes for the eli-gible project. 
(B) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Not later than 2 
years after an eligible project that is selected under this subsection begins revenue operations, the recipient shall submit to the Secretary a re-port on the results of the study conducted under subparagraph (A). 
(13) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to— 
(A) require the privatization of the operation 
or maintenance of any project for which an ap-plicant seeks funding under this subsection; 
(B) revise the determinations by local policies, 
criteria, and decisionmaking under section 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(C) alter the requirements for locally devel-
oped, coordinated, and implemented transpor-tation plans under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(D) alter the eligibilities or priorities for assist-
ance under this subsection or section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. SEC. 21007. MOBILITY OF SENIORS AND INDIVID-
UALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF PUBLIC TRANSPOR -
TATION SERVICES WITHOTHER FEDERALLY AS-
SISTED LOCAL TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘allocated cost model’’ means a 
method of determining the cost of trips by allo-cating the cost to each trip purpose served by a transportation provider in a manner that is pro-portional to the level of transportation service that the transportation provider delivers for each trip purpose, to the extent permitted by ap-plicable Federal requirements; and 
(B) the term ‘‘Council’’ means the Interagency 
Transportation Coordinating Council on Access and Mobility established under Executive Order 13330 (49 U.S.C. 101 note). 
(2) C
OORDINATING COUNCIL ON ACCESS AND MO -
BILITY STRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall publish a strategic plan for the Council that— 
(A) outlines the role and responsibilities of 
each Federal agency with respect to local trans-portation coordination, including non-emer-gency medical transportation; 
(B) identifies a strategy to strengthen inter-
agency collaboration; 
(C) addresses any outstanding recommenda-
tions made by the Council in the 2005 Report to the President relating to the implementation of Executive Order 13330, including— 
(i) a cost-sharing policy endorsed by the 
Council; and 
(ii) recommendations to increase participation 
by recipients of Federal grants in locally devel-oped, coordinated planning processes; and 
(D) to the extent feasible, addresses rec-
ommendations by the Comptroller General of the United States concerning local coordination of transportation services. 
(3) D
EVELOPMENT OF COST -SHARING POLICY IN  
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL RE -
QUIREMENTS .—In establishing the cost-sharing 
policy required under paragraph (2), the Coun-cil may consider, to the extent practicable— 
(A) the development of recommended strate-
gies for grantees of programs funded by members of the Council, including strategies for grantees of programs that fund non-emergency medical transportation, to use the cost-sharing policy in a manner that does not violate applicable Fed-eral requirements; and 
(B) optional incorporation of an allocated cost 
model to facilitate local coordination efforts that comply with applicable requirements of programs funded by members of the Council, such as— 
(i) eligibility requirements; (ii) service delivery requirements; and (iii) reimbursement requirements. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR INNOVATIVE COORDI -
NATED ACCESS AND MOBILITY .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘eligible project’’ has the mean-
ing given the term ‘‘capital project’’ in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) the term ‘‘eligible recipient’’ means a re-
cipient or subrecipient, as those terms are de-fined in section 5310 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants under this subsection to eligible re-cipients to assist in financing innovative projects for the transportation disadvantaged that improve the coordination of transportation services and non-emergency medical transpor-tation services, including— 
(A) the deployment of coordination tech-
nology; 
(B) projects that create or increase access to 
community One-Call/One-Click Centers; and 
(C) such other projects as determined by the 
Secretary. 
(3) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible recipient shall 
submit to the Secretary an application that, at a minimum, contains— (A) a detailed description of the eligible 
project; 
(B) an identification of all eligible project 
partners and their specific role in the eligible project, including— 
(i) private entities engaged in the coordination 
of non-emergency medical transportation serv-ices for the transportation disadvantaged; or 
(ii) nonprofit entities engaged in the coordina-
tion of non-emergency medical transportation services for the transportation disadvantaged; 
(C) a description of how the eligible project 
would— 
(i) improve local coordination or access to co-
ordinated transportation services; 
(ii) reduce duplication of service, if applicable; 
and 
(iii) provide innovative solutions in the State 
or community; and 
(D) specific performance measures the eligible 
project will use to quantify actual outcomes against expected outcomes. 
(4) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Government share of 
the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The non-Gov-
ernment share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be derived from in-kind contributions. 
(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of 
this subsection, non-emergency medical trans-portation services shall be limited to services eli-gible under Federal programs other than pro-grams authorized under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 5310(a) 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) R
ECIPIENT .—The term ‘recipient’ means— 
‘‘(A) a designated recipient or a State that re-
ceives a grant under this section directly; or 
‘‘(B) a State or local governmental entity that 
operates a public transportation service.’’. 
SEC. 21008. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
Section 5311 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1), as amended by divi-
sion G, by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) $5,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
distributed on a competitive basis by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(B) $30,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
apportioned as formula grants, as provided in subsection (j).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (j)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘(as 
defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(American Indian Areas, Alaska Native Areas, and Hawaiian Home Lands, as defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) A
LLOCATION BETWEEN MULTIPLE INDIAN  
TRIBES .—If more than 1 Indian tribe provides 
public transportation service on tribal lands in a single Tribal Statistical Area, and the Indian tribes do not determine how to allocate the funds apportioned under clause (iii) of subpara-graph (A) between the Indian tribes, the Sec-retary shall allocate the funds such that each Indian tribe shall receive an amount equal to the total amount apportioned under such clause (iii) multiplied by the ratio of the number of an-nual unlinked passenger trips provided by each Indian tribe, as reported to the National Transit Database, to the total unlinked passenger trips provided by all the Indian tribes in the Tribal Statistical Area.’’. 
SEC. 21009. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, DEM-
ONSTRATION, AND DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5312 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘projects ’’ and inserting ‘‘ program ’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7447 November 3, 2015 
(2) in subsection (a), in the subsection head-
ing, by striking ‘‘P ROJECTS ’’ and inserting 
‘‘PROGRAM ’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘demonstration, deployment, or evaluation’’ before ‘‘project that’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the deployment of low or no emission ve-
hicles, zero emission vehicles, or associated ad-vanced technology.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary may not 
make grants under this subsection for the dem-onstration, deployment, or evaluation of a vehi-cle that is in revenue service unless the Sec-retary determines that the project makes signifi-cant technological advancements in the vehicle. 
‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ means 
the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide public 
transportation that the Secretary determines sufficiently reduces energy consumption or harmful emissions, including direct carbon emis-sions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to provide 
public transportation; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ means a 
low or no emission vehicle that produces no car-bon or particulate matter.’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as 
subsections (f) and (g), respectively; 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) L
OW OR NOEMISSION VEHICLE COMPO -
NENT ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘covered institution of higher 
education’ means an institution of higher edu-cation with which the Secretary enters into a contract or cooperative agreement, or to which the Secretary makes a grant, under paragraph (2)(B) to operate a facility designated under paragraph (2)(A); 
‘‘(B) the terms ‘direct carbon emissions’ and 
‘low or no emission vehicle’ have the meanings given those terms in subsection (d)(6); 
‘‘(C) the term ‘institution of higher education’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle com-
ponent’ means an item that is separately in-stalled in and removable from a low or no emis-sion vehicle. 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSING LOW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE  
COMPONENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-
ignate not more than 2 facilities to conduct test-ing, evaluation, and analysis of low or no emis-sion vehicle components intended for use in low or no emission vehicles. 
‘‘(B) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter 
into a contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, not more than 2 institutions of higher education to each operate and main-tain a facility designated under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An institution of higher 
education described in clause (i) shall have— 
‘‘(I) previous experience with transportation- 
related advanced component and vehicle eval-uation; 
‘‘(II) laboratories capable of testing and eval-
uation; ‘‘(III) direct access to or a partnership with a 
testing facility capable of emulating real-world circumstances in order to test low or no emission vehicle components installed on the intended ve-hicle; 
‘‘(IV) extensive knowledge of public-private 
partnerships in the transportation sector, with emphasis on development and evaluation of ma-terials, products, and components; 
‘‘(V) the ability to reduce costs to partners by 
leveraging existing programs to provide com-plementary research, development, testing, and evaluation; and 
‘‘(VI) the means to conduct performance as-
sessments on low or no emission vehicle compo-nents based on industry standards. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A covered institution of higher 
education shall establish and collect fees, which shall be approved by the Secretary, for the as-sessment of low or no emission components at the applicable facility designated under sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(D) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS TO PAY FOR  
ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into a 
contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, each covered institution of higher education under which— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary shall pay 50 percent of the 
cost of assessing a low or no emission vehicle component at the applicable facility designated under subparagraph (A) from amounts made available to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(ii) the remaining 50 percent of such cost 
shall be paid from amounts recovered through the fees established and collected pursuant to subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) V
OLUNTARY TESTING .—A manufacturer of 
a low or no emission vehicle component is not required to assess the low or no emission vehicle component at a facility designated under sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(F) C
OMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 5318 .—Not-
withstanding whether a low or no emission vehi-cle component is assessed at a facility des-ignated under subparagraph (A), each new bus model shall comply with the requirements under section 5318. 
‘‘(G) S
EPARATE FACILITY .—Each facility des-
ignated under subparagraph (A) shall be sepa-rate and distinct from the facility operated and maintained under section 5318. 
‘‘(3) L
OW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE COMPONENT  
PERFORMANCE REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Federal Pub-lic Transportation Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall issue a report on low or no emission vehicle component assess-ments conducted at each facility designated under paragraph (2)(A), which shall include in-formation related to the maintainability, reli-ability, performance, structural integrity, effi-ciency, and noise of those low or no emission ve-hicle components. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF ASSESSMENTS .— 
Each assessment conducted at a facility des-ignated under paragraph (2)(A) shall be made publically available, including to affected in-dustries. 
‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to require— 
‘‘(A) a low or no emission vehicle component 
to be tested at a facility designated under para-graph (2)(A); or 
‘‘(B) the development or disclosure of a pri-
vately funded component assessment.’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) a list of any projects that returned nega-
tive results in the preceding fiscal year and an analysis of such results; and’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘based on projects in the pipeline, ongo-ing projects, and anticipated research efforts 
necessary to advance certain projects to a subse-quent research phase’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish— 
‘‘(A) a public transportation cooperative re-
search program under this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) an independent governing board for the 
program, which shall recommend public trans-portation research, development, and tech-nology transfer activities the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
may make grants to, and cooperative agreements with, the National Academy of Sciences to carry out activities under this subsection that the Sec-retary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE .—If there would be a 
clear and direct financial benefit to an entity under a grant or contract financed under this section, the Secretary shall establish a Govern-ment share consistent with that benefit.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ITLE 49 .—Chapter 53 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking section 5313. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items re-lating to sections 5312 and 5313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5312. Research, development, demonstration, 
and deployment program. 
‘‘[5313. Repealed.]’’. 
SEC. 21010. PRIVATE SECTOR PARTICIPATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5315 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to alter— 
‘‘(1) the eligibilities, requirements, or priority 
for assistance provided under this chapter; or 
‘‘(2) the requirements of section 5306(a).’’. (b) MAP–21 T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 
20013(d) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 694) is amended by striking ‘‘5307(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘5307(b)’’. 
SEC. 21011. INNOVATIVE PROCUREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5315 the following: 
‘‘§ 5316. Innovative procurement 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘grantee’ means a recipient or subrecipient of assistance under this chapter. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS ; GENERAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘cooperative procurement con-
tract’ means a contract— 
‘‘(I) entered into between a State government 
or eligible nonprofit and 1 or more vendors; and 
‘‘(II) under which the vendors agree to pro-
vide an option to purchase rolling stock and re-lated equipment to multiple participants; 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible nonprofit entity’ 
means— 
‘‘(I) a nonprofit entity that is not a grantee; 
or 
‘‘(II) a consortium of entities described in sub-
clause (I); 
‘‘(iii) the terms ‘lead nonprofit entity’ and 
‘lead procurement agency’ mean an eligible non-profit entity or a State government, respectively, that acts in an administrative capacity on be-half of each participant in a cooperative pro-curement contract; 
‘‘(iv) the term ‘participant’ means a grantee 
that participates in a cooperative procurement contract; and 
‘‘(v) the term ‘participate’ means to purchase 
rolling stock and related equipment under a co-operative procurement contract using assistance provided under this chapter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7448 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(B) G ENERAL RULES .— 
‘‘(i) P ROCUREMENT NOT LIMITED TO INTRA -
STATE PARTICIPANTS .—A grantee may partici-
pate in a cooperative procurement contract without regard to whether the grantee is located in the same State as the parties to the contract. 
‘‘(ii) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participa-
tion by grantees in a cooperative procurement contract shall be voluntary. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The lead procure-
ment agency or lead nonprofit entity for a coop-erative procurement contract shall develop the terms of the contract. 
‘‘(iv) D
URATION .—A cooperative procurement 
contract— 
‘‘(I) subject to subclauses (II) and (III), may 
be for an initial term of not more than 2 years; 
‘‘(II) may include not more than 3 optional 
extensions for terms of not more than 1 year each; and 
‘‘(III) may be in effect for a total period of not 
more than 5 years, including each extension au-thorized under subclause (II). 
‘‘(v) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—A lead pro-
curement agency or lead nonprofit entity, as ap-plicable, that enters into a cooperative procure-ment contract— 
‘‘(I) may charge the participants in the con-
tract for the cost of administering, planning, and providing technical assistance for the con-tract in an amount that is not more than 1 per-cent of the total value of the contract; and 
‘‘(II) with respect to the cost described in sub-
clause (I), may incorporate the cost into the price of the contract or directly charge the par-ticipants for the cost, but not both. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE COOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT  
SCHEDULES .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—A State government may 
enter into a cooperative procurement contract with 1 or more vendors if— 
‘‘(i) the vendors agree to provide an option to 
purchase rolling stock and related equipment to the State government and any other participant; and 
‘‘(ii) the State government acts throughout the 
term of the contract as the lead procurement agency. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—In procuring rolling stock and related 
equipment under a cooperative procurement contract under this subsection, a State govern-ment shall comply with the policies and proce-dures that apply to procurement by the State government when using non-Federal funds, to the extent that the policies and procedures are in conformance with applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(3) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR NONPROFIT COOPERA -
TIVE PROCUREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish and carry out a pilot program to dem-onstrate the effectiveness of cooperative pro-curement contracts administered by nonprofit entities. 
‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—In carrying out the pro-
gram under this paragraph, the Secretary shall designate not less than 1 eligible nonprofit enti-ty to enter into a cooperative procurement con-tract under which the nonprofit entity acts throughout the term of the contract as the lead nonprofit entity. 
‘‘(C) N
UMBER OF ENTITIES .—The Secretary 
may designate not more than 3 geographically diverse eligible nonprofit entities under subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF INTENT TO PARTICIPATE .—At a 
time determined appropriate by the lead non-profit entity, each participant in a cooperative procurement contract under this paragraph shall submit to the lead nonprofit entity a non-binding notice of intent to participate. 
‘‘(c) L
EASING ARRANGEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL LEASE DEFINED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In this subsection, the term 
‘capital lease’ means any agreement under which a grantee acquires the right to use rolling stock or related equipment for a specified period of time, in exchange for a periodic payment. ‘‘(B) M
AINTENANCE .—A capital lease may re-
quire that the lessor provide maintenance of the rolling stock or related equipment covered by the lease. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM TO SUPPORT INNOVATIVE LEAS -
ING ARRANGEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—A grantee may use assist-
ance provided under this chapter to enter into a capital lease if— 
‘‘(i) the rolling stock or related equipment cov-
ered under the lease is eligible for capital assist-ance under this chapter; and 
‘‘(ii) there is or will be no Federal interest in 
the rolling stock or related equipment covered under the lease as of the date on which the lease takes effect. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTEE REQUIREMENTS .—A grantee 
that enters into a capital lease shall— 
‘‘(i) maintain an inventory of the rolling stock 
or related equipment acquired under the lease; and 
‘‘(ii) maintain on the accounting records of 
the grantee the liability of the grantee under the lease. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE LEASE COSTS .—The costs for 
which a grantee may use assistance under this chapter, with respect to a capital lease, in-clude— 
‘‘(i) the cost of the rolling stock or related 
equipment; 
‘‘(ii) associated financing costs, including in-
terest, legal fees, and financial advisor fees; 
‘‘(iii) ancillary costs such as delivery and in-
stallation charges; and 
‘‘(iv) maintenance costs. ‘‘(D) T
ERMS .—A grantee shall negotiate the 
terms of any lease agreement that the grantee enters into. 
‘‘(E) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCUREMENT RE -
QUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) L EASE REQUIREMENTS .—Part 639 of title 
49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor regulation, and implementing guidance applicable to leasing shall not apply to a capital lease. 
‘‘(ii) B
UY AMERICA .—The requirements under 
section 5323(j) shall apply to a capital lease. 
‘‘(3) I NCENTIVE PROGRAM FOR CAPITAL LEASING  
OF ROLLING STOCK .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary shall carry 
out an incentive program for capital leasing of rolling stock (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘program’). 
‘‘(B) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall select 
not less than 6 grantees to participate in the program, which shall be— 
‘‘(I) geographically diverse; and ‘‘(II) evenly distributed among grantees in ac-
cordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) P
OPULATION SIZE .—In selecting an even 
distribution of grantees under clause (i)(II), the Secretary shall select not less than— 
‘‘(I) 2 grantees that serve rural areas; ‘‘(II) 2 grantees that serve urbanized areas 
with a population of fewer than 200,000 individ-uals, as determined by the Bureau of the Cen-sus; and 
‘‘(III) 2 grantees that serve urbanized areas 
with a population of 200,000 or more individ-uals, as determined by the Bureau of the Cen-sus. 
‘‘(iii) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive a re-
quirement under clause (ii) if an insufficient number of eligible grantees of a particular popu-lation size apply to participate in the program. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTICIPANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A grantee that participates 
in the program shall— 
‘‘(I) enter into a capital lease for a period of 
not less than 5 years; and 
‘‘(II) replace not less than 1⁄4of the grantee’s 
fleet through the capital lease. 
‘‘(ii) V EHICLE REQUIREMENTS .—The vehicles 
replaced under clause (i)(II), with respect to the fleet as constituted on the day before the date on which the capital lease is entered into, shall— ‘‘(I) be the oldest vehicles in the fleet; or 
‘‘(II) produce the highest quantity of direct 
greenhouse gas emissions relative to the other vehicles in the fleet, as determined by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(iii) W
AIVER OF FEDERAL INTEREST REQUIRE -
MENTS .—If a grantee participating in the pro-
gram seeks to replace vehicles that have a re-maining Federal interest, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) evaluate the economic and environmental 
benefits of waiving the Federal interest, as dem-onstrated by the grantee; 
‘‘(II) if the grantee demonstrates a net eco-
nomic or environmental benefit, grant an early disposition of the vehicles; and 
‘‘(III) publish each evaluation and final de-
termination of the Secretary under this clause in a conspicuous location on the website of the Federal Transit Administration. 
‘‘(D) P
ARTICIPANT BENEFIT .—During the pe-
riod during which a capital lease described in subparagraph (C)(i)(I), entered into by a grant-ee participating in the program, is in effect, the limit on the Government share of operating ex-penses under subsection (d)(2) of section 5307, subsection (d)(2) of section 5310, or subsection (g)(2) of section 5311 shall not apply with re-spect to any grant awarded to the grantee under the applicable section. 
‘‘(E) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date on which a grantee enters into a capital lease under the program, the grantee shall submit to the Secretary a re-port that contains— 
‘‘(i) an evaluation of the overall costs and 
benefits of leasing rolling stock; 
‘‘(ii) a cost comparison of leasing versus buy-
ing rolling stock; 
‘‘(iii) a comparison of the expected short-term 
and long-term maintenance costs of leasing versus buying rolling stock; and 
‘‘(iv) a projected budget showing the changes 
in overall operating and capital expenses due to the capital lease that the grantee entered into under the program. 
‘‘(4) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAM FOR CAPITAL LEASING  
OF CERTAIN ZERO EMISSION VEHICLE COMPO -
NENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘removable power source’— ‘‘(I) means a power source that is separately 
installed in, and removable from, a zero emission vehicle; and 
‘‘(II) may include a battery, a fuel cell, an 
ultra-capacitor, or other advanced power source used in a zero emission vehicle; and 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 5339(c). 
‘‘(B) L
EASED POWER SOURCES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, for pur-poses of this subsection, the cost of a removable power source that is necessary for the operation of a zero emission vehicle shall not be treated as part of the cost of the vehicle if the removable power source is acquired using a capital lease. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CAPITAL LEASE .—A grantee may 
acquire a removable power source by itself through a capital lease.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5315 the following: 
‘‘5316. Innovative procurement.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
5325(e)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘this subsection’’ the following: ‘‘, section 5316,’’. 
SEC. 21012. HUMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING. 
Section 5322 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the paragraph head-
ing, by striking ‘‘P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHED ’’ and 
inserting ‘‘I N GENERAL ’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7449 November 3, 2015 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) P ROGRAMS .—A program eligible for assist-
ance under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) provide skills training, on-the-job train-
ing, and work-based learning; 
‘‘(B) offer career pathways that support the 
movement from initial or short-term employment opportunities to sustainable careers; 
‘‘(C) address current or projected workforce 
shortages; 
‘‘(D) replicate successful workforce develop-
ment models; or 
‘‘(E) respond to such other workforce needs as 
the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— 
(i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) give priority to minorities, women, indi-
viduals with disabilities, veterans, low-income populations, and other underserved popu-lations.’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—A recipient of assistance 
under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) identify the workforce needs and com-
mensurate training needs at the local level in coordination with entities such as local employ-ers, local public transportation operators, labor union organizations, workforce development boards, State workforce agencies, State appren-ticeship agencies (where applicable), university transportation centers, community colleges, and community-based organizations representing mi-norities, women, disabled individuals, veterans, and low-income populations; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, conduct local 
training programs in coordination with existing local training programs supported by the Sec-retary, the Department of Labor (including reg-istered apprenticeship programs), and the De-partment of Education. 
‘‘(5) P
ROGRAM OUTCOMES .—A recipient of as-
sistance under this subsection shall demonstrate outcomes for any program that includes skills training, on-the-job training, and work-based learning, including— 
‘‘(A) the impact on reducing public transpor-
tation workforce shortages in the area served; 
‘‘(B) the diversity of training participants; ‘‘(C) the number of participants obtaining cer-
tifications or credentials required for specific types of employment; 
‘‘(D) employment outcomes, including job 
placement, job retention, and wages, using per-formance metrics established in consultation with the Secretary and the Secretary of Labor and consistent with metrics used by programs under the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.); and 
‘‘(E) to the extent practical, evidence that the 
program did not preclude workers who are par-ticipating in skills training, on-the-job training, and work-based learning from being referred to, or hired on, projects funded under this chapter without regard to the length of time of their participation in the program.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (4) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) U
SE FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary may use not more than 1 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide technical assistance for activi-ties and programs developed, conducted, and overseen under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 0.5 percent 
of the amounts made available to a recipient under sections 5307, 5337, and 5339 is available for expenditure by the recipient, with the ap-proval of the Secretary, to pay not more than 80 percent of the cost of eligible activities under this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
XISTING PROGRAMS .—A recipient may 
use amounts made available under paragraph (A) to carry out existing local education and training programs for public transportation em-ployees supported by the Secretary, the Depart-ment of Labor, or the Department of Edu-cation.’’. 
SEC. 21013. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Section 5323 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) when procuring rolling stock (including 
train control, communication, and traction power equipment, and rolling stock prototypes) under this chapter— 
‘‘(i) the cost of components and subcompo-
nents produced in the United States— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, is more 
than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, is more 
than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year 
thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(ii) final assembly of the rolling stock has oc-
curred in the United States; or’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (7) through (11), respectively; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) R
OLLING STOCK FRAMES OR CAR SHELLS .— 
In carrying out paragraph (2)(C) in the case of a rolling stock procurement receiving assistance under this chapter in which the average cost of a rolling stock vehicle in the procurement is more than $300,000, if rolling stock frames or car shells are not produced in the United States, the Secretary shall include in the calculation of the domestic content of the rolling stock the cost of steel or iron used in the rolling stock frames or car shells if— 
‘‘(A) all manufacturing processes for the steel 
or iron occur in the United States; and 
‘‘(B) the amount of steel or iron used in the 
rolling stock frames or car shells is significant. 
‘‘(6) C
ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY AND  
DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(A) C ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY .—If 
the Secretary denies an application for a waiver under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall provide to the applicant a written certification that— 
‘‘(i) the steel, iron, or manufactured goods, as 
applicable, (referred to in this subparagraph as the ‘item’) is produced in the United States in a sufficient and reasonably available amount; 
‘‘(ii) the item produced in the United States is 
of a satisfactory quality; and 
‘‘(iii) includes a list of known manufacturers 
in the United States from which the item can be obtained. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Secretary shall dis-
close the waiver denial and the written certifi-cation to the public in an easily identifiable lo-cation on the website of the Department of Transportation.’’; 
(D) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Public Transpor-tation Act of 2015’’; and 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (11), as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(12) P
RODUCTION IN UNITED STATES .—For 
purposes of this subsection, steel and iron may be considered produced in the United States if all the manufacturing processes, except met-allurgical processes involving refinement of steel additives, took place in the United States. 
‘‘(13) D
EFINITION OF SMALL PURCHASE .—For 
purposes of determining whether a purchase qualifies for a general public interest waiver under paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection, in-cluding under any regulation promulgated under that paragraph, the term ‘small purchase’ means a purchase of not more than $150,000.’’; (2) in subsection (q)(1), by striking the second 
sentence; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) V
ALUE CAPTURE REVENUE ELIGIBLE FOR  
LOCAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, a recipient of assistance under this chapter may use the revenue generated from value capture financing mechanisms as local matching funds for capital projects and operating costs eligible under this chapter. 
‘‘(t) V
ALUE ENGINEERING .—Nothing in this 
chapter shall be construed to authorize the Sec-retary to mandate the use of value engineering in projects funded under this chapter.’’. 
SEC. 21014. PROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT. 
Section 5327 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(h)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 5338(i)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 5338(h)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) a requirement that oversight— ‘‘(A) begin during the project development 
phase of a project, unless the Secretary finds it more appropriate to begin the oversight during another phase of the project, to maximize the transportation benefits and cost savings associ-ated with project management oversight; and 
‘‘(B) be limited to quarterly reviews of compli-
ance by the recipient with the project manage-ment plan approved under subsection (b) unless the Secretary finds that the recipient requires more frequent oversight because the recipient has, for 2 consecutive quarterly reviews, failed to meet the requirements of such plan and the project is at risk of going over budget or becom-ing behind schedule; and 
‘‘(3) a process for recipients that the Secretary 
has found require more frequent oversight to re-turn to quarterly reviews for purposes of para-graph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 21015. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5329 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (E); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) minimum safety standards to ensure the 
safe operation of public transportation systems that— 
‘‘(i) are not related to performance standards 
for public transportation vehicles developed under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, take into con-
sideration— 
‘‘(I) relevant recommendations of the National 
Transportation Safety Board; 
‘‘(II) best practices standards developed by the 
public transportation industry; 
‘‘(III) any minimum safety standards or per-
formance criteria being implemented across the public transportation industry; and 
‘‘(IV) any additional information that the 
Secretary determines necessary and appropriate; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)(2), by inserting after 
‘‘public transportation system of a recipient’’ the following: ‘‘or the public transportation in-dustry generally’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an eligi-ble State, as defined in subsection (e),’’ and in-serting ‘‘a recipient’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFE-
TYSTANDARDS .— 
(1) R EVIEW REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7450 November 3, 2015 
shall commence a review of the safety standards 
and protocols used in rail fixed guideway public transportation systems in the United States that examines the efficacy of existing standards and protocols. 
(B) C
ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—In conducting the 
review under this paragraph, the Secretary shall review— 
(i) minimum safety performance standards de-
veloped by the public transportation industry; 
(ii) safety performance standards, practices, 
or protocols in use by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(I) written emergency plans and procedures 
for passenger evacuations; 
(II) training programs to ensure public trans-
portation personnel compliance and readiness in emergency situations; 
(III) coordination plans with local emergency 
responders having jurisdiction over a rail fixed guideway public transportation system, includ-ing— 
(aa) emergency preparedness training, drills, 
and familiarization programs for those first re-sponders; and 
(bb) the scheduling of regular field exercises to 
ensure appropriate response and effective radio and public safety communications; 
(IV) maintenance, testing, and inspection pro-
grams to ensure the proper functioning of— 
(aa) tunnel, station, and vehicle ventilation 
systems; 
(bb) signal and train control systems, track, 
mechanical systems, and other infrastructure; and 
(cc) other systems as necessary; (V) certification requirements for train and 
bus operators and control center employees; 
(VI) consensus-based standards, practices, or 
protocols available to the public transportation industry; and 
(VII) any other standards, practices, or proto-
cols the Secretary determines appropriate; and 
(iii) vehicle safety standards, practices, or 
protocols in use by public transportation sys-tems, concerning— 
(I) bus design and the workstation of bus op-
erators, as it relates to— 
(aa) the reduction of blindspots that con-
tribute to accidents involving pedestrians; and 
(bb) protecting bus operators from the risk of 
assault; and 
(II) scheduling fixed route bus service with 
adequate time and access for operators to use restroom facilities. 
(2) E
VALUATION .—After conducting the review 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in consultation with representatives of the public transportation industry, evaluate the need to es-tablish Federal minimum public transportation safety standards, including— 
(A) standards governing worker safety; (B) standards for the operation of signals, 
track, on-track equipment, mechanical systems, and control systems; and 
(C) any other areas the Secretary, in con-
sultation with the public transportation indus-try, determines require further evaluation. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Upon completing the review and 
evaluation required under paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the of House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) findings based on the review conducted 
under paragraph (1); 
(B) the outcome of the evaluation conducted 
under paragraph (2); 
(C) a comprehensive set of recommendations to 
improve the safety of the public transportation industry, including recommendations for legisla-tive changes where applicable; and 
(D) actions that the Secretary will take to ad-
dress the recommendations provided under sub-paragraph (C), including, if necessary, the es-tablishment of Federal minimum public trans-
portation safety standards. 
SEC. 21016. STATE OF GOOD REPAIR GRANTS. 
Section 5337 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount authorized 
or made available for a fiscal year under section 5338(a)(2)(L)— 
‘‘(A) $100,000,000 shall be made available in 
accordance with this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) 97.15 percent of the remainder shall be 
apportioned to recipients in accordance with this subsection.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘the 
provisions of’’ before ‘‘section 5336(b)(1)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(a)(2)(I), 2.85 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 5338(a)(2)(L), the remainder after the appli-cation of subsection (c)(1)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts apportioned 
under this subsection may be used for any project that is an eligible project under sub-section (b)(1).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a capital 
project under this section shall be for 80 percent of the net project cost of the project. The recipi-ent may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(2) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of the 
net project costs shall be provided from an un-distributed cash surplus, a replacement or de-preciation cash fund or reserve, or new cap-ital.’’. 
SEC. 21017. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 5338 of title 49, United States Code, as 
amended by division G, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5338. Authorizations 
‘‘(a) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund to carry out sections 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5322(b), 5322(d), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, section 20005(b) of the Fed-eral Public Transportation Act of 2012, and sec-tion 21007(b) of the Federal Public Transpor-tation Act of 2015— 
‘‘(A) $9,184,747,400 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $9,380,039,349 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $9,685,745,744 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $10,101,051,238 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $10,351,763,806 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $10,609,442,553 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts 
made available under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) $132,020,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$134,934,342 for fiscal year 2017, $138,004,098 for fiscal year 2018, $141,328,616 for fiscal year 2019, $144,893,631 for fiscal year 2020, and $148,557,701 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5305; 
‘‘(B) $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 20005(b) of the Federal Public Transpor-tation Act of 2012; 
‘‘(C) $4,538,905,700 for fiscal year 2016, 
$4,639,102,043 for fiscal year 2017, $4,794,641,615 for fiscal year 2018, $4,975,879,158 for fiscal year 2019, $5,101,395,710 for fiscal year 2020, and $5,230,399,804 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allo-cated in accordance with section 5336 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307; 
‘‘(D) $263,466,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$269,282,012 for fiscal year 2017, $275,408,178 for fiscal year 2018, $288,264,292 for fiscal year 2019, $295,535,759 for fiscal year 2020, and $303,009,267 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to provide financial assistance for services for the en-hanced mobility of seniors and individuals with disabilities under section 5310; ‘‘(E) $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for the pilot pro-gram for innovative coordinated access and mo-bility under section 21007(b) of the Federal Pub-lic Transportation Act of 2015; 
‘‘(F) $619,956,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$633,641,529 for fiscal year 2017, $648,056,873 for fiscal year 2018, $678,308,311 for fiscal year 2019, $695,418,638 for fiscal year 2020, and $713,004,385 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to provide financial assistance for rural areas under sec-tion 5311, of which not less than— 
‘‘(i) $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5311(c)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5311(c)(2); 
‘‘(G) $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5312, of which— 
‘‘(i) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5312(e); and 
‘‘(ii) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5312(h); 
‘‘(H) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5314; 
‘‘(I) $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for bus testing under section 5318; 
‘‘(J) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for the national transit institute under section 5322(d); 
‘‘(K) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5335; 
‘‘(L) $2,428,342,500 for fiscal year 2016, 
$2,479,740,661 for fiscal year 2017, $2,533,879,761 for fiscal year 2018, $2,592,511,924 for fiscal year 2019, $2,655,385,537 for fiscal year 2020, and $2,720,006,127 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to carry out section 5337; 
‘‘(M) $430,794,600 for fiscal year 2016, 
$440,304,391 for fiscal year 2017, $495,321,316 for fiscal year 2018, $585,851,498 for fiscal year 2019, $605,422,352 for fiscal year 2020, and $625,536,993 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available for the bus and bus facilities program under section 5339(a); 
‘‘(N) $180,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
and 2017, $185,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, and $190,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021 shall be available for bus and bus facilities competitive grants under section 5339(b) and no or low emission grants under section 5339(c), of which $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5339(c); 
‘‘(O) $533,262,600 for fiscal year 2016, 
$545,034,372 for fiscal year 2017, $557,433,904 for fiscal year 2018, $586,907,438 for fiscal year 2019, $601,712,178 for fiscal year 2020, and $616,928,276 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allocated in accord-ance with section 5340 to provide financial as-sistance for urbanized areas under section 5307 and rural areas under section 5311; and 
‘‘(P) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5322(b). 
‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , DEMONSTRA -
TION, AND DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out sec-tion 5312, other than subsections (e) and (h) of that section, $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out section 5314, $7,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 5322, $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(e) E
MERGENCY RELIEF PROGRAM .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out section 5324. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7451 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(f) C APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out sec-tion 5309 of this title and section 21006(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015, $2,301,785,760 for fiscal year 2016, $2,352,597,681 for fiscal year 2017, $2,406,119,278 for fiscal year 2018, $2,464,082,691 for fiscal year 2019, $2,526,239,177 for fiscal year 2020, and $2,590,122,713 for fiscal year 2021, of which $276,214,291 for fiscal year 2016, $282,311,722 for fiscal year 2017, $288,734,313 for fiscal year 2018, $295,689,923 for fiscal year 2019, $303,148,701 for fiscal year 2020, and $310,814,726 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to carry out section 21006(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out section 5334, $115,016,543 for fiscal year 2016, $117,555,533 for fiscal year 2017, $120,229,921 for fiscal year 2018, $123,126,260 for fiscal year 2019, $126,232,120 for fiscal year 2020, and $129,424,278 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 5329 .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated under paragraph (1), not less than $8,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5329. 
‘‘(3) S
ECTION 5326 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (2), not less than $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5326. 
‘‘(h) O
VERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made avail-
able to carry out this chapter for a fiscal year, the Secretary may use not more than the fol-lowing amounts for the activities described in paragraph (2): 
‘‘(A) 0.5 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5305. 
‘‘(B) 0.75 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5307. 
‘‘(C) 1 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5309. 
‘‘(D) 1 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 601 of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 126 Stat. 4968). 
‘‘(E) 0.5 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5310. 
‘‘(F) 0.5 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5311. 
‘‘(G) 1 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5337, of which not less than 0.25 percent shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5329. 
‘‘(H) 0.75 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5339. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities described in 
this paragraph are as follows: 
‘‘(A) Activities to oversee the construction of a 
major capital project. 
‘‘(B) Activities to review and audit the safety 
and security, procurement, management, and fi-nancial compliance of a recipient or subrecipient of funds under this chapter. 
‘‘(C) Activities to provide technical assistance 
generally, and to provide technical assistance to correct deficiencies identified in compliance re-views and audits carried out under this section. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The Gov-
ernment shall pay the entire cost of carrying out a contract under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS .—Funds 
made available under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made available to the Secretary before allo-cating the funds appropriated to carry out any project under a full funding grant agreement. 
‘‘(i) G
RANTS AS CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS FINANCED FROM HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved by 
the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. ‘‘(2) G
RANTS FINANCED FROM GENERAL FUND .— 
A grant or contract that is approved by the Sec-retary and financed with amounts appropriated in advance from the General Fund of the Treas-ury pursuant to this section is a contractual ob-ligation of the Government to pay the Govern-ment share of the cost of the project only to the extent that amounts are appropriated for such purpose by an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available by or appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 21018. GRANTS FOR BUS AND BUS FACILI-
TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, as amended by division G, is amended by striking section 5339 and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘§ 5339. Grants for bus and bus facilities 
‘‘(a) F
ORMULA GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ has 
the meaning given that term in subsection (c)(1); 
‘‘(B) the term ‘State’ means a State of the 
United States; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘territory’ means the District of 
Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants under this subsection to assist eligi-ble recipients described in paragraph (4)(A) in financing capital projects— 
‘‘(A) to replace, rehabilitate, and purchase 
buses and related equipment, including techno-logical changes or innovations to modify low or no emissions vehicles or facilities; and 
‘‘(B) to construct bus-related facilities. ‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .—The requirements 
of— 
‘‘(A) section 5307 shall apply to recipients of 
grants made in urbanized areas under this sub-section; and 
‘‘(B) section 5311 shall apply to recipients of 
grants made in rural areas under this sub-section. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS AND SUBRECIPI -
ENTS.— 
‘‘(A) R ECIPIENTS .—Eligible recipients under 
this subsection are— 
‘‘(i) designated recipients that allocate funds 
to fixed route bus operators; or 
‘‘(ii) State or local governmental entities that 
operate fixed route bus service. 
‘‘(B) S UBRECIPIENTS .—A recipient that re-
ceives a grant under this subsection may allo-cate amounts of the grant to subrecipients that are public agencies or private nonprofit organi-zations engaged in public transportation. 
‘‘(5) D
ISTRIBUTION OF GRANT FUNDS .—Funds 
allocated under section 5338(a)(2)(M) shall be distributed as follows: 
‘‘(A) N
ATIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—$103,000,000 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be allocated to all States and territories, with each State receiving $2,000,000 for each such fis-cal year and each territory receiving $500,000 for each such fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION USING POPULATION AND  
SERVICE FACTORS .—The remainder of the funds 
not otherwise distributed under subparagraph (A) shall be allocated pursuant to the formula set forth in section 5336 other than subsection (b). 
‘‘(6) T
RANSFERS OF APPORTIONMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL  
DISTRIBUTION FUNDS .—The Governor of a State 
may transfer any part of the State’s apportion-ment under paragraph (5)(A) to supplement amounts apportioned to the State under section 5311(c) of this title or amounts apportioned to urbanized areas under subsections (a) and (c) of section 5336 of this title. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR POPULATION  
AND SERVICE FACTORS FUNDS .—The Governor of 
a State may expend in an urbanized area with a population of less than 200,000 any amounts apportioned under paragraph (5)(B) that are 
not allocated to designated recipients in urban-ized areas with a population of 200,000 or more. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this subsection shall be for 80 percent of the net capital costs of the project. A recipient of a grant under this subsection may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(B) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of the 
net project cost shall be provided— 
‘‘(i) in cash from non-Government sources 
other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
‘‘(ii) from revenues derived from the sale of 
advertising and concessions; 
‘‘(iii) from an undistributed cash surplus, a 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital; 
‘‘(iv) from amounts received under a service 
agreement with a State or local social service agency or private social service organization; or 
‘‘(v) from revenues generated from value cap-
ture financing mechanisms. 
‘‘(8) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY TO RECIPIENTS .— 
Amounts made available under this subsection may be obligated by a recipient for 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the amount is ap-portioned. Not later than 30 days after the end of the 3-fiscal-year period described in the pre-ceding sentence, any amount that is not obli-gated on the last day of that period shall be added to the amount that may be apportioned under this subsection in the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) B
US AND BUSFACILITIES COMPETITIVE  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants under this subsection to designated re-cipients to assist in the financing of bus and bus facilities capital projects, including— 
‘‘(A) replacing, rehabilitating, purchasing, or 
leasing buses or related equipment; and 
‘‘(B) rehabilitating, purchasing, constructing, 
or leasing bus-related facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT CONSIDERATIONS .—In making 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the age and condition of buses, bus fleets, related equipment, and bus-related facili-ties. 
‘‘(3) S
TATEWIDE APPLICATIONS .—A State may 
submit a statewide application on behalf of a public agency or private nonprofit organization engaged in public transportation in rural areas or other areas for which the State allocates funds. The submission of a statewide applica-tion shall not preclude the submission and con-sideration of any application under this sub-section from other eligible recipients in an ur-banized area in a State. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR THE SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) disclose all metrics and evaluation proce-
dures to be used in considering grant applica-tions under this subsection upon issuance of the notice of funding availability in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(B) publish a summary of final scores for se-
lected projects, metrics, and other evaluations used in awarding grants under this subsection in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(5) R
URAL PROJECTS .—Not less 10 percent of 
the amounts made available under this sub-section in a fiscal year shall be distributed to projects in rural areas. 
‘‘(6) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) section 5307 for recipients of grants made 
in urbanized areas; and 
‘‘(ii) section 5311 for recipients of grants made 
in rural areas. 
‘‘(B) G OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The Gov-
ernment share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not ex-ceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(7) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available for 2 fiscal years 
after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7452 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an el-igible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(8) L
IMITATION .—Of the amounts made 
available under this subsection, not more than 15 percent may be awarded to a single grantee. 
‘‘(c) L
OW OR NOEMISSION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ means 
the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible project’ means a project 
or program of projects in an eligible area for— 
‘‘(i) acquiring low or no emission vehicles; ‘‘(ii) leasing low or no emission vehicles; ‘‘(iii) acquiring low or no emission vehicles 
with a leased power source; 
‘‘(iv) constructing facilities and related equip-
ment for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(v) leasing facilities and related equipment 
for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(vi) constructing new public transportation 
facilities to accommodate low or no emission ve-hicles; or 
‘‘(vii) rehabilitating or improving existing 
public transportation facilities to accommodate low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(C) the term ‘leased power source’ means a 
removable power source, as defined in para-graph (4)(A) of section 5316(c), that is made available through a capital lease under that sec-tion; 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission bus’ means 
a bus that is a low or no emission vehicle; 
‘‘(E) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide public 
transportation that the Secretary determines sufficiently reduces energy consumption or harmful emissions, including direct carbon emis-sions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to provide 
public transportation; 
‘‘(F) the term ‘recipient’ means a designated 
recipient, a local governmental authority, or a State that receives a grant under this subsection for an eligible project; and 
‘‘(G) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ means a 
low or no emission vehicle that produces no car-bon or particulate matter. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants to recipients to finance eligible projects under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of section 5307. 
‘‘(B) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS FOR CER -
TAIN PROJECTS .—Section 5323(i) applies to eligi-
ble projects carried out under this subsection, unless the recipient requests a lower grant per-centage. 
‘‘(C) C
OMBINATION OF FUNDING SOURCES .— 
‘‘(i) C OMBINATION PERMITTED .—An eligible 
project carried out under this subsection may re-ceive funding under section 5307 or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(ii) G
OVERNMENT SHARE .—Nothing in this 
subparagraph shall be construed to alter the Government share required under paragraph (7), section 5307, or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 30 days after the date on 
which amounts are made available for obliga-tion under this subsection for a full fiscal year, solicit grant applications for eligible projects on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) award a grant under this subsection 
based on the solicitation under subparagraph (A) not later than the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) 75 days after the date on which the solici-
tation expires; or 
‘‘(ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the 
Secretary solicited the grant applications. ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION .—In awarding grants 
under this subsection, the Secretary shall only consider eligible projects relating to the acquisi-tion or leasing of low or no emission buses that— 
‘‘(A) make greater reductions in energy con-
sumption and harmful emissions, including di-rect carbon emissions, than comparable stand-ard buses or other low or no emission buses; and 
‘‘(B) are part of a long-term integrated fleet 
management plan for the recipient. 
‘‘(6) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available to an eligible 
project for 2 fiscal years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an el-igible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal 
share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be derived from in-kind contributions.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 53 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 5339 and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘5339. Grants for bus and bus facilities.’’. 
SEC. 21019. SALARY OF FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMIN-
ISTRATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5313 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5314 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning on or after the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 21020. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C HAPTER 53 OFTITLE 49, U NITED STATES  
CODE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking section 5319; (B) in section 5325— (i) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘at least 
two’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Federal 
Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015’’; 
(C) in section 5336— (i) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(h)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)(5)’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (h), as amended by division 
G— 
(I) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(1) $30,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
set aside to carry out section 5307(h);’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘1.5 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’; and 
(D) in section 5340(b), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(b)(2)(M)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(a)(2)(O)’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5319 and inserting the following: 
‘‘[5319. Repealed.]’’. 
(b) C
HAPTER 105 OFTITLE 49, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Section 10501(c) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 5302(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5302’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘mass transportation’’ and in-
serting ‘‘public transportation’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 5302(a)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 5302’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘mass 
transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation’’. 
DIVISION C—COMPREHENSIVE TRANS-
PORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTEC-TION ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 31001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Com-
prehensive Transportation and Consumer Pro-tection Act of 2015.’’ 
SEC. 31002. REFERENCES TO TITLE 49, UNITED 
STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, wher-
ever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a sec-tion or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 31003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Subtitle A of title XXXII, sections 33103, 
34101(g), 34105, 34106, 34107, 34133, 34141, 34202, 34203, 34204, 34205, 34206, 34207, 34208, 34211, 34212, 34213, 34214, 34215, subtitles C and D of title XXXIV, and title XXXV take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
TITLE XXXI—OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
Subtitle A—Accelerating Project Delivery 
SEC. 31101. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 116. Administrations; acting officers 
‘‘No person designated to serve as the acting 
head of an administration in the department of transportation under section 3345 of title 5 may continue to perform the functions and duties of the office if the time limitations in section 3346 of that title would prevent the person from con-tinuing to serve in a formal acting capacity.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 115 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘116. Administrations; acting officers.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment under sub-
section (a) shall apply to any applicable office with a position designated for a Senate con-firmed official. 
SEC. 31102. INFRASTRUCTURE PERMITTING IM-
PROVEMENT CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3, 
as amended by sections 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by adding after section 311 the following: 
‘‘§ 312. Interagency Infrastructure Permitting 
Improvement Center 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is established in the 
Office of the Secretary an Interagency Infra-structure Permitting Improvement Center (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Center’). 
‘‘(b) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) G OVERNANCE .—The Center shall report to 
the chair of the Steering Committee described in paragraph (2) to ensure that the perspectives of all member agencies are represented. 
‘‘(2) I
NFRASTRUCTURE PERMITTING STEERING  
COMMITTEE .—An Infrastructure Permitting 
Steering Committee (referred to in this section as the ‘Steering Committee’) is established to over-see the work of the Center. The Steering Com-mittee shall be chaired by the Federal Chief Per-formance Officer in consultation with the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality and shall be comprised of Deputy-level representa-tives from the following departments and agen-cies: 
‘‘(A) The Department of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Department of the Interior. ‘‘(C) The Department of Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7453 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(D) The Department of Commerce. 
‘‘(E) The Department of Transportation. ‘‘(F) The Department of Energy. ‘‘(G) The Department of Homeland Security. ‘‘(H) The Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(I) The Advisory Council on Historic Preser-
vation. 
‘‘(J) The Department of the Army. ‘‘(K) The Department of Housing and Urban 
Development. 
‘‘(L) Other agencies the Chair of the Steering 
Committee invites to participate. 
‘‘(3) A
CTIVITIES .—The Center shall support 
the Chair of the Steering Committee and under-take the following: 
‘‘(A) Coordinate and support implementation 
of priority reform actions for Federal agency permitting and reviews for areas as defined and identified by the Steering Committee. 
‘‘(B) Support modernization efforts at Federal 
agencies and interagency pilots for innovative approaches to the permitting and review of in-frastructure projects. 
‘‘(C) Provide technical assistance and training 
to field and headquarters staff of Federal agen-cies on policy changes, innovative approaches to project delivery, and other topics as appro-priate. 
‘‘(D) Identify, develop, and track metrics for 
timeliness of permit reviews, permit decisions, and project outcomes. 
‘‘(E) Administer and expand the use of online 
transparency tools providing for— 
‘‘(i) tracking and reporting of metrics; ‘‘(ii) development and posting of schedules for 
permit reviews and permit decisions; and 
‘‘(iii) sharing of best practices related to effi-
cient project permitting and reviews. 
‘‘(F) Provide reporting to the President on 
progress toward achieving greater efficiency in permitting decisions and review of infrastruc-ture projects and progress toward achieving bet-ter outcomes for communities and the environ-ment. 
‘‘(G) Meet not less frequently than annually 
with groups or individuals representing State, Tribal, and local governments that are engaged in the infrastructure permitting process. 
‘‘(4) I
NFRASTRUCTURE SECTORS COVERED .—The 
Center shall support process improvements in the permitting and review of infrastructure projects in the following sectors: 
‘‘(A) Surface transportation. ‘‘(B) Aviation. ‘‘(C) Ports and waterways. ‘‘(D) Water resource projects. ‘‘(E) Renewable energy generation. ‘‘(F) Electricity transmission. ‘‘(G) Broadband. ‘‘(H) Pipelines. ‘‘(I) Other sectors, as determined by the Steer-
ing Committee. 
‘‘(c) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies on the Steering Committee with responsibility for the review and approval of infrastructure projects sectors de-scribed in subsection (b)(4), shall evaluate and report on— 
‘‘(A) the progress made toward aligning Fed-
eral reviews of such projects and the improve-ment of project delivery associated with those projects; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the Center in achiev-
ing reduction of permitting time and project de-livery time. 
‘‘(2) P
ERFORMANCE TARGETS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Transportation establishes performance meas-ures in accordance with paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall establish performance targets relat-ing to each of the measures and standards de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (1). 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Pro-
tection Act of 2015 and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives that describes— 
‘‘(A) the results of the evaluation conducted 
under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the progress towards achieving the tar-
gets established under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
‘‘(A) the results of the evaluation conducted 
under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the progress towards achieving the tar-
gets established under paragraph (2).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 3, as amended by sections 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 311 the following: 
‘‘312. Interagency Infrastructure Permitting Im-
provement Center.’’. 
SEC. 31103. ACCELERATED DECISION-MAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3 is 
amended by inserting after section 304 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 304a. Accelerated decision-making in envi-
ronmental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In preparing a final envi-
ronmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the Department of Transportation, when acting as lead agency, modifies the state-ment in response to comments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or expla-nations of why the comments do not warrant additional Departmental response, the Depart-ment may write on errata sheets attached to the statement instead of rewriting the draft state-ment, subject to the condition that the errata sheets— 
‘‘(1) cite the sources, authorities, or reasons 
that support the position of the Department; and 
‘‘(2) if appropriate, indicate the circumstances 
that would trigger Departmental reappraisal or further response. 
‘‘(b) I
NCORPORATION .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Department shall expeditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(1) the final environmental impact statement 
makes substantial changes to the proposed ac-tion that are relevant to environmental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(2) there are significant new circumstances 
or information relevant to environmental con-cerns and that bear on the proposed action or the impacts of the proposed action.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 3 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 304 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘304a. Accelerated decision-making in environ-
mental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 31104. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW ALIGN-
MENT AND REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3 is 
amended by inserting after section 309 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views 
‘‘(a) C
OORDINATED AND CONCURRENT ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Comprehen-sive Transportation and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2015, the Department of Transportation, in coordination with the Steering Committee de-scribed in section 312 of this title, shall develop a coordinated and concurrent environmental re-view and permitting process for transportation projects when initiating an environmental im-pact statement under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) (referred to in this section as ‘NEPA’). The co-ordinated and concurrent environmental review and permitting process shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the Department of Transpor-
tation and Federal agencies of jurisdiction pos-sess sufficient information early in the review process to determine a statement of a transpor-tation project’s purpose and need and range of alternatives for analysis that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction will rely upon for concurrent environmental reviews and permit-ting decisions required for the proposed project; 
‘‘(2) achieve early concurrence or issue resolu-
tion during the NEPA scoping process on the Department of Transportation’s statement of a project’s purpose and need and during develop-ment of the environmental impact statement on the range of alternatives for analysis that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction will rely upon for concurrent environmental reviews and permitting decisions required for the pro-posed project absent circumstances that require reconsideration in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s legal obligations; and 
‘‘(3) achieve concurrence or issue resolution in 
an expedited manner if circumstances arise that require a reconsideration of the purpose and need or range of alternatives considered during any Federal agency’s environmental or permit-ting review in order to meet an agency of juris-diction’s legal obligations. 
‘‘(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation and Federal agencies of jurisdiction likely to have substantive review or approval responsibilities on transportation projects, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, shall jointly develop a checklist to help project spon-sors identify potential natural, cultural, and historic resources in the area of a proposed project. The purpose of the checklist is— 
‘‘(1) to identify agencies of jurisdiction and 
cooperating agencies, 
‘‘(2) to develop the information needed for the 
purpose and need and alternatives for analysis; and 
‘‘(3) to improve interagency collaboration to 
help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and Federal agencies of jurisdiction. 
‘‘(c) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—Con-
sistent with Federal environmental statutes and the priority reform actions for Federal agency permitting and reviews defined and identified by the Steering Committee established under sec-tion 312, the Secretary shall facilitate annual interagency collaboration sessions at the appro-priate jurisdictional level to coordinate business plans and facilitate coordination of workload planning and workforce management. This en-gagement shall ensure agency staff is fully en-gaged and utilizing the flexibility of existing regulations, policies, and guidance and identi-fying additional actions to facilitate high qual-ity, efficient, and targeted environmental re-views and permitting decisions. The sessions and the interagency collaborations they gen-erate shall focus on how to work with State and local transportation entities to improve project planning, siting, and application quality and how to consult and coordinate with relevant stakeholders and Federal, tribal, State, and local representatives early in permitting proc-esses. 
‘‘(d) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary of Trans-portation, in coordination with the Steering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7454 November 3, 2015 
Committee established under section 312 of this 
title, shall establish a program to measure and report on progress towards aligning Federal re-views as outlined in this section.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the following: 
‘‘310. Aligning Federal environmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 31105. MULTIMODAL CATEGORICAL EXCLU-
SIONS. 
Section 304 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘operating authority’’ and in-
serting ‘‘operating administration or secretarial office’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘has expertise but’’ before ‘‘is 
not the lead’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ be-
fore ‘‘project’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transportation operating administration or secretarial office that has the lead responsibility for a proposed multimodal project.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘has the 
meaning given the term in section 139(a) of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘means an action by the De-partment of Transportation that involves exper-tise of 1 or more Department of Transportation operating administrations or secretarial offices’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under this 
title’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary of Trans-portation’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a categorical exclusion des-
ignated under the implementing regulations or’’ and inserting ‘‘categorical exclusions designated under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) implementing’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘other components of the’’ and 
inserting ‘‘a proposed multimodal’’; 
(B) by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a preliminary 
determination on the applicability of a categor-ical exclusion to a proposed multimodal project and notifies the cooperating authority of its in-tent to apply the cooperating authority categor-ical exclusion; 
‘‘(2) the cooperating authority does not object 
to the lead authority’s preliminary determina-tion of its applicability;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the lead authority determines 
that’’ before ‘‘the component of’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ before 
‘‘project to be covered’’; and 
(D) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(4) the lead authority, with the concurrence 
of the cooperating authority— 
‘‘(A) follows implementing regulations or pro-
cedures under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) determines that the proposed multimodal 
project does not individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(C) determines that extraordinary cir-
cumstances do not exist that merit additional analysis and documentation in an environ-mental impact statement or environmental as-sessment required under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; and 
(4) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATING AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .—A 
cooperating authority shall provide expertise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. SEC. 31106. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3, 
as amended by section 31104 of this Act, is fur-ther amended by inserting after section 310 the following: 
‘‘§ 311. Improving transparency in environ-
mental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Comprehen-sive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish an online platform and, in co-ordination with Federal agencies described in subsection (b), issue reporting standards to make publicly available the status and progress with respect to compliance with applicable re-quirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal approval required under ap-plicable laws for projects and activities requir-ing an environmental assessment or an environ-mental impact statement. 
‘‘(b) F
EDERAL AGENCY PARTICIPATION .—A 
Federal agency of jurisdiction over an approval required for a project under applicable laws shall provide information regarding the status and progress of the approval to the online plat-form, consistent with the standards established under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) A
SSIGNMENT OF RESPONSIBILITIES .—An 
entity with assigned authority for responsibil-ities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), under section 326 or section 327 of title 23 shall be responsible for supplying project development and compli-ance status for all applicable projects.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3, as amend-ed by section 31104 of this Act, is further amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 310, the following: 
‘‘311. Improving transparency in environmental 
reviews.’’. 
SEC. 31107. LOCAL TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE PROGRAM. 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) 10 percent of the funds apportioned to 
the State for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 under each of sections 104(b)(1), 104(b)(2), and 144; and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 
133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133(d)(4)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 31108. AUTHORIZATION OF GRANTS FOR 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund to carry out this section $199,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to assist in financing the in-stallation of positive train control systems. 
(b) P
ROGRAMS .—The amounts made available 
under subsection (a) of this section may be used to assist in financing the installation of positive train control systems through— 
(1) grants made under the rail safety tech-
nology grants program under section 20158 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) grants made under the consolidated rail 
infrastructure and safety improvements program under section 24408 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(3) funding the cost, including the subsidy 
cost or cost of credit risk premiums, of direct loans and loan guarantees under sections 502 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and 
Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
(c) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The amounts made 
available under subsection (a) of this section may be used only to assist a recipient of funds under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, through the programs described in subsection (b). 
(d) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amounts made available under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants authorized under that sub-section. 
(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed as authorizing the amounts appropriated under subsection (a) to be used for any purpose other than financing the installa-tion of positive train control systems. 
(f) G
RANTS FINANCED FROM HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND.—A grant, contract, direct loan, or loan 
guarantee that is approved by the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund under this section is a contractual obliga-tion of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
(g) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Notwith-
standing subsection (h), amounts made avail-able under this section shall remain available until expended. 
(h) S
UNSET .—The Secretary of Transportation 
shall provide the grants, direct loans, and loan guarantees under subsection (b) by September 30, 2017. 
Subtitle B—Research 
SEC. 31201. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the followings findings: 
(1) Federal transportation research planning 
and coordination— 
(A) should occur within the Office of the Sec-
retary; and 
(B) should be, to the extent practicable, multi- 
modal and not occur solely within the subagen-cies of the Department of Transportation. 
(2) Managing a multi-modal research portfolio 
within the Office of the Secretary will— 
(A) help identify opportunities where research 
could be applied across modes; and 
(B) prevent duplication of efforts and waste of 
limited Federal resources. 
(3) An ombudsman for research at the Depart-
ment of Transportation will— 
(A) give stakeholders a formal opportunity to 
address concerns; 
(B) ensure unbiased research; and (C) improve the overall research products of 
the Department. 
(4) Increasing transparency of transportation 
research efforts will— 
(A) build stakeholder confidence in the final 
product; and 
(B) lead to the improved implementation of re-
search findings. 
SEC. 31202. MODAL RESEARCH PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 15 of 
the year preceding the research fiscal year, the head of each modal administration and joint program office of the Department of Transpor-tation shall submit a comprehensive annual modal research plan to the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’). 
(b) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1 of 
each year, the Assistant Secretary, for each plan submitted pursuant to subsection (a), shall— 
(A) review the scope of the research; and (B)(i) approve the plan; or (ii) request that the plan be revised. (2) P
UBLICATIONS .—Not later than January 30 
of each year, the Secretary shall publish each plan that has been approved under paragraph (1)(B)(i) on a public website. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7455 November 3, 2015 
(3) R EJECTION OF DUPLICATIVE RESEARCH EF -
FORTS .—The Assistant Secretary may not ap-
prove any plan submitted by the head of a modal administration or joint program office pursuant to subsection (a) if such plan dupli-cates the research efforts of any other modal ad-ministration. 
(c) F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .—No funds may be 
expended by the Department of Transportation on research that has not previously been ap-proved as part of a modal research plan ap-proved by the Assistant Secretary unless— 
(1) such research is required by an Act of Con-
gress; 
(2) such research was part of a contract that 
was funded before the date of enactment of this Act; or 
(3) the Secretary of Transportation certifies to 
Congress that such research is necessary before the approval of a modal research plan. 
(d) D
UPLICATIVE RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), no funds may be expended by the De-partment of Transportation on research projects that the Secretary identifies as duplicative under subsection (b)(3). 
(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to— 
(A) updates to previously commissioned re-
search; 
(B) research commissioned to carry out an Act 
of Congress; or 
(C) research commissioned before the date of 
enactment of this Act. 
(e) C ERTIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally certify to Congress that— 
(A) each modal research plan has been re-
viewed; and 
(B) there is no duplication of study for re-
search directed, commissioned, or conducted by the Department of Transportation. 
(2) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—If the Sec-
retary, after submitting a certification under paragraph (1), identifies duplication of research within the Department of Transportation, the Secretary shall— 
(A) notify Congress of the duplicative re-
search; and 
(B) submit a corrective action plan to Con-
gress that will eliminate such duplicative re-search. 
SEC. 31203. CONSOLIDATED RESEARCH PRO-
SPECTUS AND STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) P ROSPECTUS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally publish, on a public website, a comprehen-sive prospectus on all research projects con-ducted by the Department of Transportation, in-cluding, to the extent practicable, research funded through University Transportation Cen-ters. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The prospectus published 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) include the consolidated modal research 
plans approved under section 1302; 
(B) describe the research objectives, progress, 
and allocated funds for each research project; 
(C) identify research projects with multi- 
modal applications; 
(D) specify how relevant modal administra-
tions have assisted, will contribute to, or plan to use the findings from the research projects iden-tified under paragraph (1); 
(E) identify areas in which multiple modal ad-
ministrations are conducting research projects on similar subjects or subjects which have bear-ing on multiple modes; 
(F) describe the interagency and cross modal 
communication and coordination that has oc-curred to prevent duplication of research efforts within the Department of Transportation; 
(G) indicate how research is being dissemi-
nated to improve the efficiency and safety of transportation systems; 
(H) describe how agencies developed their re-
search plans; and 
(I) describe the opportunities for public and 
stakeholder input. (b) F
UNDING REPORT .—In conjunction with 
each of the President’s annual budget requests under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit a report to ap-propriate committees of Congress that de-scribes— 
(1) the amount spent in the last completed fis-
cal year on transportation research and devel-opment; and 
(2) the amount proposed in the current budget 
for transportation research and development. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE PLANS AND REPORTS .—In 
the plans and reports submitted under sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall include— 
(1) a summary of the Federal transportation 
research and development activities for the pre-vious fiscal year in each topic area; 
(2) the amount spent in each topic area; (3) a description of the extent to which the re-
search and development is meeting the expecta-tions set forth in subsection (d)(3)(A); and 
(4) any amendments to the strategic plan de-
veloped under subsection (d). 
(d) T
RANSPORTATION RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT STRATEGIC PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop 
a 5-year transportation research and develop-ment strategic plan to guide future Federal transportation research and development activi-ties. 
(2) C
ONSISTENCY .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under paragraph (1) shall be consistent with— 
(A) section 306 of title 5, United States Code; (B) sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United 
States Code; and 
(C) any other research and development plan 
within the Department of Transportation. 
(3) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan developed 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) describe the primary purposes of the 
transportation research and development pro-gram, which shall include— 
(i) promoting safety; (ii) reducing congestion; (iii) improving mobility; (iv) preserving the existing transportation sys-
tem; 
(v) improving the durability and extending the 
life of transportation infrastructure; and 
(vi) improving goods movement; (B) for each of the purposes referred to in sub-
paragraph (A), list the primary research and de-velopment topics that the Department of Trans-portation intends to pursue to accomplish that purpose, which may include— 
(i) fundamental research in the physical and 
natural sciences; 
(ii) applied research; (iii) technology research; and 
(iv) social science research intended for each 
topic; and 
(C) for each research and development topic— (i) identify the anticipated annual funding 
levels for the period covered by the strategic plan; and 
(ii) include any additional information the 
Department of Transportation expects to dis-cover at the end of the period covered by the strategic plan as a result of the research and de-velopment in that topic area. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the strategic plan developed under this section— 
(A) reflects input from a wide range of stake-
holders; 
(B) includes and integrates the research and 
development programs of all the Department of Transportation’s modal administrations, includ-ing aviation, transit, rail, and maritime; and 
(C) takes into account how research and de-
velopment by other Federal, State, private sec-tor, and nonprofit institutions— 
(i) contributes to the achievement of the pur-
poses identified under paragraph (3)(A); and 
(ii) avoids unnecessary duplication of such ef-
forts. (e) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C HAPTER 5 OF TITLE 23 .—Chapter 5 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking section 508; (B) in the table of contents, by striking the 
item relating to section 508; 
(C) in section 502— (i) in subsection (a)(9), by striking ‘‘transpor-
tation research and technology development strategic plan developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and develop-ment strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘transpor-
tation research and development strategic plan of the Secretary developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and de-velopment strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(D) in section 512(b), by striking ‘‘as part of 
the transportation research and development strategic plan developed under section 508’’. 
(2) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS .— 
Section 5205 of the Intelligent Transportation Systems Act of 1998 (23 U.S.C. 502 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘as part of 
the Surface Transportation Research and Devel-opment Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and insert-ing ‘‘as part of the transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘or the 
Surface Transportation Research and Develop-ment Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the transportation research and develop-ment strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
(3) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM RE -
SEARCH .—Subtitle C of title V of the Safe, Ac-
countable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (23 U.S.C. 512 note) is amended— 
(A) in section 5305(h)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘the 
strategic plan under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘the 5-year transportation research and development stra-tegic plan under section 31203 of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Pro-tection Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in section 5307(c)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘or the 
surface transportation research and develop-ment strategic plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the 5-year transportation research and de-velopment strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 31204. RESEARCH OMBUDSMAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle III is amended by 
inserting after chapter 63 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 65—RESEARCH OMBUDSMAN 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘6501. Research ombudsman. 
‘‘§ 6501. Research ombudsman 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Assistant Sec-
retary for Research and Technology shall ap-point a career Federal employee to serve as Re-search Ombudsman. This appointment shall not diminish the authority of peer review of re-search. 
‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Research Ombuds-
man appointed under subsection (a), to the ex-tent practicable— 
‘‘(1) shall have a background in academic re-
search and a strong understanding of sound study design; 
‘‘(2) shall develop a working knowledge of the 
stakeholder communities and research needs of the transportation field; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7456 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(3) shall not have served as a political ap-
pointee of the Department. 
‘‘(c) R ESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) A DDRESSING COMPLAINTS AND QUES -
TIONS .—The Research Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(A) receive complaints and questions about— ‘‘(i) significant alleged omissions, impropri-
eties, and systemic problems; and 
‘‘(ii) excessive delays of, or within, a specific 
research project; and 
‘‘(B) evaluate and address the complaints and 
questions described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) P
ETITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) R EVIEW .—The Research Ombudsman 
shall review petitions relating to— 
‘‘(i) conflicts of interest; ‘‘(ii) the study design and methodology; ‘‘(iii) assumptions and potential bias; ‘‘(iv) the length of the study; and ‘‘(v) the composition of any data sampled. ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSE TO PETITIONS .—The Research 
Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(i) respond to relevant petitions within a rea-
sonable period; 
‘‘(ii) identify deficiencies in the petition’s 
study design; and 
‘‘(iii) propose a remedy for such deficiencies to 
the administrator of the modal administration responsible for completing the research project. 
‘‘(C) R
ESPONSE TO PROPOSED REMEDY .—The 
administrator of the modal administration charged with completing the research project shall respond to the proposed research remedy. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED REVIEWS .—The Research Om-
budsman shall evaluate the study plan for all statutorily required studies and reports before the commencement of such studies to ensure that the research plan has an appropriate sam-ple size and composition to address the stated purpose of the study. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon the completion of 
each review under subsection (c), the Research Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing the results of 
such review to— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) the head of the relevant modal adminis-
tration; and 
‘‘(iii) the study or research leader; and ‘‘(B) publish such results on a public website, 
with the modal administration response required under subsection (c)(2)(C). 
‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENCE .—Each report required 
under this section shall be provided directly to the individuals described in paragraph (1) with-out any comment or amendment from the Sec-retary, the Deputy Secretary of Transportation, the head of any modal administration of the De-partment, or any other officer or employee of the Department or the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT TO INSPECTOR GENERAL .—The 
Research Ombudsman shall submit any evidence of misfeasance, malfeasance, waste, fraud, or abuse uncovered during a review under this sec-tion to the Inspector General for further review. 
‘‘(f) R
EMOVAL .—The Research Ombudsman 
shall be subject to adverse employment action for misconduct or good cause in accordance with the procedures and grounds set forth in chapter 75 of title 5.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for subtitle III is 
amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 63 the following: 
‘‘65. Research ombudsman ................... 6501’’. 
SEC. 31205. SMART CITIES TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct 
a study of digital technologies and information technologies, including shared mobility, data, transportation network companies, and on-de-mand transportation services— 
(1) to understand the degree to which cities 
are adopting these technologies; 
(2) to assess future planning, infrastructure 
and investment needs; and (3) to provide best practices to plan for smart 
cities in which information and technology are used— 
(A) to improve city operations; (B) to grow the local economy; (C) to improve response in times of emer-
gencies and natural disasters; and 
(D) to improve the lives of city residents. (b) C
OMPONENTS .—The study conducted under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify broad issues that influence the 
ability of the United States to plan for and in-vest in smart cities, including barriers to col-laboration and access to scientific information; and 
(2) review how the expanded use of digital 
technologies, mobile devices, and information may— 
(A) enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of 
existing transportation networks; 
(B) optimize demand management services; (C) impact low-income and other disadvan-
taged communities; 
(D) assess opportunities to share, collect, and 
use data; 
(E) change current planning and investment 
strategies; and 
(F) provide opportunities for enhanced coordi-
nation and planning. 
(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall publish the report containing the results of the study required under subsection (a) to a public website. 
SEC. 31206. BUREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STA-
TISTICS INDEPENDENCE. 
Section 6302 is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(d) I NDEPENDENCE OF BUREAU .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall not be 
required— 
‘‘(A) to obtain the approval of any other offi-
cer or employee of the Department with respect to the collection or analysis of any information; or 
‘‘(B) prior to publication, to obtain the ap-
proval of any other officer or employee of the United States Government with respect to the substance of any statistical technical reports or press releases lawfully prepared by the Director. 
‘‘(2) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .—The Director shall 
have a significant role in the disposition and al-location of the Bureau’s authorized budget, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) all hiring, grants, cooperative agree-
ments, and contracts awarded by the Bureau to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) the disposition and allocation of 
amounts paid to the Bureau for cost-reimburs-able projects. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary shall direct 
external support functions, such as the coordi-nation of activities involving multiple modal ad-ministrations. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The Depart-
ment Chief Information Officer shall consult with the Director to ensure decisions related to information technology guarantee the protec-tion of the confidentiality of information pro-vided solely for statistical purposes, in accord-ance with the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note).’’. 
SEC. 31207. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE49 A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) A SSISTANT SECRETARIES ; GENERAL COUN -
SEL.—Section 102(e) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘5’’ and in-
serting ‘‘6’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘an As-
sistant Secretary for Research and Tech-nology,’’ before ‘‘and an Assistant Secretary’’. 
(2) O
FFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY OF THE DEPARTMENT  
OF TRANSPORTATION .—Section 112 is repealed. 
(3) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 112. (4) R
ESEARCH CONTRACTS .—Section 330 is 
amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ con-
tracts ’’ and inserting ‘‘ activities ’’; 
(B) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘I NGEN-
ERAL.—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; 
(C) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘R ESPON -
SIBILITIES .—’’ before ‘‘In carrying out’’; 
(D) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘P UBLICA -
TIONS .—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
UTIES .—The Secretary shall provide for 
the following: 
‘‘(1) Coordination, facilitation, and review of 
the Department’s research and development pro-grams and activities. 
‘‘(2) Advancement, and research and develop-
ment, of innovative technologies, including in-telligent transportation systems. 
‘‘(3) Comprehensive transportation statistics 
research, analysis, and reporting. 
‘‘(4) Education and training in transportation 
and transportation-related fields. 
‘‘(5) Activities of the Volpe National Trans-
portation Systems Center. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—The Sec-
retary may— 
‘‘(1) enter into grants and cooperative agree-
ments with Federal agencies, State and local government agencies, other public entities, pri-vate organizations, and other persons— 
‘‘(A) to conduct research into transportation 
service and infrastructure assurance; and 
‘‘(B) to carry out other research activities of 
the Department; 
‘‘(2) carry out, on a cost-shared basis, collabo-
rative research and development to encourage innovative solutions to multimodal transpor-tation problems and stimulate the deployment of new technology with— 
‘‘(A) non-Federal entities, including State and 
local governments, foreign governments, institu-tions of higher education, corporations, institu-tions, partnerships, sole proprietorships, and trade associations that are incorporated or es-tablished under the laws of any State; 
‘‘(B) Federal laboratories; and ‘‘(C) other Federal agencies; and ‘‘(3) directly initiate contracts, grants, cooper-
ative research and development agreements (as defined in section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a)), and other agreements to fund, and ac-cept funds from, the Transportation Research Board of the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences, State depart-ments of transportation, cities, counties, institu-tions of higher education, associations, and the agents of those entities to carry out joint trans-portation research and technology efforts. 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Federal share of the cost of an activity car-ried out under subsection (e)(3) shall not exceed 50 percent. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary determines 
that the activity is of substantial public interest or benefit, the Secretary may approve a greater Federal share. 
‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—All costs directly 
incurred by the non-Federal partners, including personnel, travel, facility, and hardware devel-opment costs, shall be credited toward the non- Federal share of the cost of an activity described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(g) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION AND OVERSIGHT .— 
For fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the Secretary is authorized to expend not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts authorized to be ap-propriated for necessary expenses for adminis-tration and operations of the Office of the As-sistant Secretary for Research and Technology for the coordination, evaluation, and oversight of the programs administered under this section. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF TECHNOLOGY .—The research, de-
velopment, or use of a technology under a con-tract, grant, cooperative research and develop-ment agreement, or other agreement entered into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7457 November 3, 2015 
under this section, including the terms under 
which the technology may be licensed and the resulting royalties may be distributed, shall be subject to the Stevenson-Wydler Technology In-novation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
‘‘(i) W
AIVER OF ADVERTISING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 6101 of title 41 shall not apply 
to a contract, grant, or other agreement entered into under this section.’’. 
(5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The item relating to 
section 330 in the table of contents of chapter 3 is amended by striking ‘‘Contracts’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Activities’’. 
(6) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATISTICS .— 
Section 6302(a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be within the 
Department the Bureau of Transportation Sta-tistics.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE5 AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) P OSITIONS AT LEVEL II .—Section 5313 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Se-curity.’’. 
(2) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Administrator, Research and Innovative Technology Administration.’’. 
(3) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL IV .—Section 5315 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(4)’’ in the undesignated item relating to Assistant Secretaries of Transportation and in-serting ‘‘(5)’’. 
(4) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL V .—Section 5316 is 
amended by striking ‘‘Associate Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Transportation.’’. 
SEC. 31208. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5503 is repealed. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 55 is amended by striking the item relating to section 5503. 
Subtitle C—Port Performance Act 
SEC. 31301. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Port Per-
formance Act’’. 
SEC. 31302. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) America’s ports play a critical role in the 
Nation’s transportation supply chain network. 
(2) Reliable and efficient movement of goods 
through the Nation’s ports ensures that Amer-ican goods are available to customers through-out the world. 
(3) Breakdowns in the transportation supply 
chain network, particularly at the Nation’s ports, can result in tremendous economic losses for agriculture, businesses, and retailers that rely on timely shipments. 
(4) A clear understanding of terminal and port 
productivity and throughput should help— 
(A) to identify freight bottlenecks; (B) to indicate performance and trends over 
time; and 
(C) to inform investment decisions. 
SEC. 31303. PORT PERFORMANCE FREIGHT STA-
TISTICS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 63 is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 6314. Port performance freight statistics 
program 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall estab-
lish, on behalf of the Secretary, a port perform-ance statistics program to provide nationally consistent measures of performance of, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(1) the Nation’s top 25 ports by tonnage; ‘‘(2) the Nation’s top 25 ports by 20-foot equiv-
alent unit; and 
‘‘(3) the Nation’s top 25 ports by dry bulk. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) P ORT CAPACITY AND THROUGHPUT .—Not 
later than January 15 of each year, the Director shall submit an annual report to Congress that includes statistics on capacity and throughput at the ports described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) P
ORT PERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Di-
rector shall collect monthly port performance measures for each of the United States ports re-
ferred to in subsection (a) that receives Federal assistance or is subject to Federal regulation to submit an annual report to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics that includes monthly statistics on capacity and throughput as appli-cable to the specific configuration of the port. 
‘‘(A) M
ONTHLY MEASURES .—The Director shall 
collect monthly measures, including— 
‘‘(i) the average number of lifts per hour of 
containers by crane; 
‘‘(ii) the average vessel turn time by vessel 
type; 
‘‘(iii) the average cargo or container dwell 
time; 
‘‘(iv) the average truck time at ports; ‘‘(v) the average rail time at ports; and ‘‘(vi) any additional metrics, as determined by 
the Director after receiving recommendations from the working group established under sub-section (c). 
‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Director may con-
sider a modification to a metric under subpara-graph (A) if the modification meets the intent of the section. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall obtain 
recommendations for— 
‘‘(A) specifications and data measurements for 
the port performance measures listed in sub-section (b)(2); 
‘‘(B) additionally needed data elements for 
measuring port performance; and 
‘‘(C) a process for the Department of Trans-
portation to collect timely and consistent data, including identifying safeguards to protect pro-prietary information described in subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) W
ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Port Per-formance Act, the Director shall commission a working group composed of— 
‘‘(A) operating administrations of the Depart-
ment of Transportation; 
‘‘(B) the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(E) the Marine Transportation System Na-
tional Advisory Council; 
‘‘(F) the Army Corps of Engineers; ‘‘(G) the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development 
Corporation; 
‘‘(H) the Advisory Committee on Supply Chain 
Competitiveness; 
‘‘(I) 1 representative from the rail industry; ‘‘(J) 1 representative from the trucking indus-
try; 
‘‘(K) 1 representative from the maritime ship-
ping industry; 
‘‘(L) 1 representative from a labor organiza-
tion for each industry described in subpara-graphs (I) through (K); 
‘‘(M) 1 representative from a port authority; ‘‘(N) 1 representative from a terminal oper-
ator; 
‘‘(O) representatives of the National Freight 
Advisory Committee of the Department; and 
‘‘(P) representatives of the Transportation Re-
search Board of the National Academies. 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of the Port Performance Act, the working group commis-sioned under this subsection shall submit its rec-ommendations to the Director. 
‘‘(d) A
CCESS TO DATA.—The Director shall en-
sure that the statistics compiled under this sec-tion are readily accessible to the public, con-sistent with applicable security constraints and confidentiality interests.’’. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN DISCLOSURES .— 
Section 6307(b)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 6314(b)’’ after ‘‘section 6302(b)(3)(B)’’ each place it appears. 
(c) C
OPIES OF REPORTS .—Section 6307(b)(2)(A) 
is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 6314(b)’’ after ‘‘section 6302(b)(3)(B)’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents for chapter 63 is 
amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘6314. Port performance freight statistics pro-
gram.’’. 
TITLE XXXII—COMMERCIAL MOTOR 
VEHICLE AND DRIVER PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Compliance, Safety, and 
Accountability Reform 
SEC. 32001. CORRELATION STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Adminis-trator’’) shall commission the National Research Council of the National Academies to conduct a study of— 
(1) the Safety Measurement System (referred 
to in this subtitle as ‘‘SMS’’); and 
(2) the Compliance, Safety, Accountability 
program (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘CSA program’’). 
(b) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In carrying out the 
study commissioned pursuant to subsection (a), the National Research Council— 
(1) shall analyze— (A) the accuracy with which the Behavior 
Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (referred to in this subtitle as ‘‘BASIC’’) safety measures used by SMS— 
(i) identify high risk drivers and carriers; and (ii) predict or be correlated with future crash 
risk, crash severity, or other safety indicators for individual drivers, motor carriers, and the highest risk carriers; 
(B) the methodology used to calculate BASIC 
percentiles and identify carriers for enforce-ment, including the weights assigned to par-ticular violations, and the tie between crash risk and specific regulatory violations, in order to accurately identify and predict future crash risk for motor carriers; 
(C) the relative value of inspection informa-
tion and roadside enforcement data; 
(D) any data collection gaps or data suffi-
ciency problems that may exist and the impact of those data gaps and insufficiencies on the ef-ficacy of the CSA program; and 
(E) the accuracy of data processing; and (2) should consider— (A) whether the current SMS provides com-
parable precision and confidence for SMS alerts and percentiles for the relative crash risk of in-dividual large and small motor carriers; 
(B) whether alternative systems would iden-
tify high risk carriers or identify high risk driv-ers and motor carriers more accurately; and 
(C) the recommendations and findings of the 
Comptroller General of the United States and the Inspector General, and independent review team reports issued before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit a report containing the re-sults of the completed study to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives; 
(3) the Inspector General of the Department of 
Transportation; and 
(4) the Comptroller General of the United 
States. 
(d) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the Administrator submits a report under sub-section (c) that identifies a deficiency or oppor-tunity for improvement in the CSA program or in any element of SMS, the Administrator shall submit a corrective action plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives that— 
(A) responds to the concerns highlighted by 
the report; 
(B) identifies how the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration will address such con-cerns; and 
(C) provides an estimate of the cost, including 
changes in staffing, enforcement, and data col-lection necessary to implement the recommenda-
tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7458 November 3, 2015 
(2) P ROGRAM REFORMS .—The corrective action 
plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude an implementation plan that— 
(A) includes benchmarks; (B) includes programmatic reforms, revisions 
to regulations, or proposals for legislation; and 
(C) shall be considered in any rulemaking by 
the Department of Transportation that relates to the CSA program, including the SMS data sets or analysis. 
(e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 120 days after the Administrator issues a corrective action plan under subsection (d), the Inspector General of the Department of Trans-portation shall— 
(1) review the extent to which such plan im-
plements— 
(A) recommendations contained in the report 
submitted under subsection (c); and 
(B) recommendations issued by the Comp-
troller General or the Inspector General before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) submit a report to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the responsiveness of the corrective action plan to the recommendations described in para-graph (1). 
(f) F
ISCAL LIMITATION .—The Administrator 
shall carry out the study required under this section using amounts appropriated to the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration and available for obligation and expenditure as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 32002. SAFETY IMPROVEMENT METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall in-
corporate a methodology into the CSA program or establish a third-party process to allow rec-ognition, including credit, improved score, or by establishing a safety BASIC in SMS for safety technology, tools, programs, and systems ap-proved by the Administrator through the quali-fication process developed under subsection (b) that exceed regulatory requirements or are used to enhance safety performance, including— 
(1) the installation of qualifying advanced 
safety equipment, such as— 
(A) collision mitigation systems; (B) lane departure warnings; (C) speed limiters; (D) electronic logging devices; (E) electronic stability control; (F) critical event recorders; and (G) strengthening rear guards and sideguards 
for underride protection; 
(2) the use of enhanced driver fitness meas-
ures that exceed current regulatory require-ments, such as— 
(A) additional new driver training; (B) enhanced and ongoing driver training; 
and 
(C) remedial driver training to address specific 
deficiencies as identified in roadside inspection or enforcement reports; 
(3) the adoption of qualifying administrative 
fleet safety management tools technologies, driv-er performance and behavior management tech-nologies, and programs; and 
(4) technologies and measures identified 
through the process described in subsection (c). 
(b) Q
UALIFICATION .—The Administrator, 
through a notice and comment process, shall de-velop technical or other performance standards for technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems used by motor carriers that will qual-ify for credit under this section. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In modifying 
the CSA program under subsection (a), the Ad-ministrator, through notice and comment, shall develop a process for identifying and reviewing other technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems used by motor carriers to im-prove safety performance that— 
(1) provides for a petition for reviewing tech-
nology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or sys-
tems; 
(2) seeks input and participation from indus-
try stakeholders, including drivers, technology manufacturers, vehicle manufacturers, motor carriers, enforcement communities, and safety advocates, and the Motor Carrier Safety Advi-sory Committee; and 
(3) includes technology, advanced safety 
equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems with a date certain for future statutory or regulatory implementa-tion. 
(d) S
AFETY IMPROVEMENT METRICS USE AND  
VERIFICATION .—The Administrator, through no-
tice and comment process, shall develop a proc-ess for— 
(1) providing recognition or credit within a 
motor carrier’s SMS score for the installation and use of measures in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a); 
(2) ensuring that the safety improvement 
metrics developed under this section are pre-sented with other SMS data; 
(3) verifying the installation or use of such 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems; 
(4) modifying or removing recognition or credit 
upon verification of noncompliance with this section; 
(5) ensuring that the credits or recognition re-
ferred to in paragraph (1) reflect the safety im-provement anticipated as a result of the instal-lation or use of the specific technology, ad-vanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fit-ness measure, tool, program, or system; 
(6) verifying the deployment and use of quali-
fying equipment or management systems by a motor carrier through a certification from the vehicle manufacturer, the system or service pro-vider, the insurance carrier, or through docu-ments submitted by the motor carrier to the De-partment of Transportation; 
(7) annually reviewing the list of qualifying 
safety technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems; and 
(8) removing systems mandated by law or reg-
ulation, or if such systems demonstrate a lack of efficacy, from the list of qualifying technologies, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fit-ness measures, tools, programs, or systems eligi-ble for credit under the CSA program. 
(e) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The Ad-
ministrator shall maintain a public website that contains information regarding— 
(1) the technology, advanced safety equip-
ment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems eligible for credit and im-proved scores; 
(2) any petitions for study of the technology, 
advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fit-ness measures, tools, programs, or systems; and 
(3) statistics and information relating to the 
use of such technology, advanced safety equip-ment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems. 
(f) P
UBLIC REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the establishment of the Safety Improve-ment Metrics System (referred to in this section as ‘‘SIMS’’) under this section, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall publish, on a public website, a report that identifies— 
(1) the types of technology, advanced safety 
equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems that are eligible for credit; 
(2) the number of instances in which each 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measure, tool, program, or system is used; 
(3) the number of motor carriers, and a de-
scription of the carrier’s fleet size, that received recognition or credit under the modified CSA program; and 
(4) the pre- and post-adoption safety perform-
ance of the motor carriers described in para-graph (3). (g) I
MPLEMENTATION AND OVERSIGHT RESPON -
SIBILITY .—The Administrator shall ensure that 
the activities described in subsections (a) through (f) of this section are not required under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act. 
(h) E
VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after 
the implementation of SIMS under this section, the Administrator shall conduct an evaluation of the effectiveness of SIMS by reviewing the im-pacts of SIMS on— 
(A) law enforcement, commercial drivers and 
motor carriers, and motor carrier safety; and 
(B) safety and adoption of new technologies. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 months after 
the implementation of the program, the Admin-istrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives that describes— 
(A) the results of the evaluation conducted 
under paragraph (1); and 
(B) the actions the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration plans to take to modify the demonstration program based on such re-sults. 
(i) U
SE OF ESTIMATES OF SAFETY EFFECTS .—In 
conducting regulatory impact analyses for rulemakings relating to the technology, ad-vanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fit-ness measures, tools, programs, or systems se-
lected for credit under the CSA program, the Administrator, to the extent practicable, shall use the data gathered under this section and appropriate statistical methodology, including sufficient sample sizes, composition, and appro-priate comparison groups, including representa-tive motor carriers of all sizes, to estimate the ef-fects on safety performance and reduction in the number and severity of accidents with quali-fying technology, advanced safety equipment, tools, programs, and systems. 
(j) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to provide the Adminis-trator with additional authority to change the requirements for the operation of a commercial motor vehicle. 
SEC. 32003. DATA CERTIFICATION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Beginning not later than 1 
day after the date of enactment of this Act, none of the analysis of violation information, enforcement prioritization, not-at-fault crashes, alerts, or the relative percentile for each Behav-ioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Category developed through the CSA program may be made available to the general public, but viola-tion and inspection information submitted by the States may be presented, until the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation certifies that— 
(1) any deficiencies identified in the correla-
tion study required under section 32001 have been addressed; 
(2) the corrective action plan has been imple-
mented and the concerns raised by the correla-tion study under section 32001 have been ad-dressed; 
(3) the Administrator has fully implemented or 
satisfactorily addressed the issues raised in the February 2014 GAO report entitled ‘‘Modifying the Compliance, Safety, Accountability Program Would Improve the Ability to Identify High Risk Carriers’’ (GAO–14–114), which called into ques-tion the accuracy and completeness of safety performance calculations; 
(4) the study required under section 32001 has 
been published on a public website; and 
(5) the CSA program has been modified in ac-
cordance with section 32002. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF CSA A NALYSIS .— 
The enforcement prioritization, alerts, or the relative percentile for each Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Category developed through the CSA program within the SMS sys-tem may not be used for safety fitness deter-minations until the requirements under sub-section (a) have been satisfied. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7459 November 3, 2015 
(c) C ONTINUED PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF  
DATA.—Inspection and violation information 
submitted to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration by commercial motor vehicle in-spectors and qualified law enforcement officials shall remain available for public viewing. 
(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the limita-
tions set forth in subsections (a) and (b)— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration and State and local commercial motor vehicle enforcement agencies may only use the information referred to in subsection (a) for pur-poses of investigation and enforcement prioritization; 
(B) motor carriers and commercial motor vehi-
cle drivers may access information referred to in subsection (a) that relates directly to the motor carrier or driver, respectively; and 
(C) the data analysis of motorcoach operators 
may be provided online, with a notation indi-cating that the ratings or alerts listed are not intended to imply any Federal safety rating of the carrier. 
(2) N
OTATION .—The notation described under 
paragraph (1)(C) shall include: ‘‘Readers should not draw conclusions about a carrier’s overall safety condition simply based on the data dis-played in this system. Unless a motor carrier has received an UNSATISFACTORY safety rating under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or has otherwise been ordered to dis-continue operations by the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration, it is authorized to operate on the Nation’s roadways.’’. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in subparagraphs 
(A) and (B) of paragraph (1) may be construed to restrict the official use by State enforcement agencies of the data collected by State enforce-ment personnel. 
(e) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification process 
described in subsection (a) shall occur concur-rently with the implementation of SIMS under section 32002. 
(f) C
OMPLETION .—The Secretary shall modify 
the CSA program in accordance with section 32002 not later than 1 year after the date of completion of the report described in section 32001(c). 
SEC. 32004. DATA IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) F UNCTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop functional specifications to ensure the consistent and accu-rate input of data into systems and databases relating to the CSA program. 
(b) F
UNCTIONALITY .—The specifications devel-
oped pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(1) shall provide for the hardcoding and smart 
logic functionality for roadside inspection data collection systems and databases; and 
(2) shall be made available to public and pri-
vate sector developers. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATAMANAGEMENT .—The Ad-
ministrator shall ensure that internal systems and databases accept and effectively manage data using uniform standards. 
(d) C
ONSULTATION WITH THE STATES .—Before 
implementing the functional specifications de-scribed in subsection (a) or the standards de-scribed in subsection (c), the Administrator shall seek input from the State agencies responsible for enforcing section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 32005. ACCIDENT REPORT INFORMATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator shall initiate 
a demonstration program that allows motor car-riers and drivers to request a review of crashes, and the removal of crash data for use in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s safety measurement system of crashes, and re-moval from any weighting, or carrier safety analysis, if the commercial motor vehicle was operated legally and another motorist in con-nection with the crash is found— 
(1) to have been driving under the influence; (2) to have been driving the wrong direction 
on a roadway; (3) to have struck the commercial motor vehi-
cle in the rear; 
(4) to have struck the commercial motor vehi-
cle which was legally stopped; 
(5) by the investigating officer or agency to 
have been responsible for the crash; or 
(6) to have committed other violations deter-
mined by the Administrator. 
(b) D
OCUMENTS .—As part of a request for re-
view under subsection (a), the motor carrier or driver shall submit a copy of available police re-ports, crash investigations, judicial actions, in-surance claim information, and any related court actions submitted by each party involved in the accident. 
(c) S
OLICITATION OF OTHER INFORMATION .— 
Following a notice and comment period, the Ad-ministrator may solicit other types of informa-tion to be collected under subsection (b) to fa-cilitate appropriate reviews under this section. 
(d) E
VALUATION .—The Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration shall review the informa-tion submitted under subsections (b) and (c). 
(e) R
ESULTS .—Subject to subsection (h)(2), the 
results of the review under subsection (a)— 
(1) shall be used to recalculate the motor car-
rier’s crash BASIC percentile; 
(2) if the carrier is determined not to be re-
sponsible for the crash incident, such informa-tion, shall be reflected on the website of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration; and 
(3) shall not be admitted as evidence or other-
wise used in a civil action. 
(f) F
EESYSTEM .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator may 
establish a fee system, in accordance with sec-tion 9701 of title 31, United States Code, in which a motor carrier is charged a fee for each review of a crash requested by such motor car-rier under this section. 
(2) D
ISPOSITION OF FEES .—Fees collected 
under this section— 
(A) may be credited to the Department of 
Transportation appropriations account for pur-pose of carrying out this section; and 
(B) shall be used to fully fund the operation 
of the review program authorized under this sec-tion. 
(g) R
EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not earlier than 2 
years after the establishment of the demonstra-tion program under this section, the Adminis-trator shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the internal crash re-
view program to determine if other crash types should be included; and 
(2) submit a report to Congress that de-
scribes— 
(A) the number of crashes reviewed; (B) the number of crashes for which the com-
mercial motor vehicle operator was determined not to be at fault; and 
(C) relevant information relating to the pro-
gram, including the cost to operate the program and the fee structure established. 
(h) I
MPLEMENTATION AND OVERSIGHT RESPON -
SIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall en-
sure that the activities described in subsections (a) through (d) of this section are not required under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act. 
(2) R
EVIEWS INVOLVING FATALITIES .—If a re-
view under subsection (a) involves a fatality, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall audit and certify the re-view prior to making any changes under sub-section (e). 
SEC. 32006. POST-ACCIDENT REPORT REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall convene a working group— 
(1) to review the data elements of post-acci-
dent reports, for tow-away accidents involving commercial motor vehicles, that are reported to the Federal Government; and 
(2) to report to the Secretary its findings and 
any recommendations, including best practices for State post-accident reports to achieve the 
data elements described in subsection (c). 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—Not less than 51 percent of 
the working group should be composed of indi-viduals representing the States or State law en-forcement officials. The remaining members of the working group shall represent industry, labor, safety advocates, and other interested parties. 
(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The working group 
shall consider requiring additional data ele-ments, including— 
(1) the primary cause of the accident, if the 
primary cause can be determined; 
(2) the physical characteristics of the commer-
cial motor vehicle and any other vehicle in-volved in the accident, including— 
(A) the vehicle configuration; (B) the gross vehicle weight if the weight can 
be readily determined; 
(C) the number of axles; and (D) the distance between axles, if the distance 
can be readily determined; and 
(3) any data elements that could contribute to 
the appropriate consideration of requests under section 32005. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) review the findings of the working group; (2) identify the best practices for State post- 
accident reports that are reported to the Federal Government, including identifying the data ele-
ments that should be collected following a tow- away commercial motor vehicle accident; and 
(3) recommend to the States the adoption of 
new data elements to be collected following re-portable commercial motor vehicle accidents. 
SEC. 32007. RECOGNIZING EXCELLENCE IN SAFE-
TY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-
tablish a program to publicly recognize motor carriers and drivers whose safety records and programs exceed compliance with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s safety regulations and demonstrate clear and out-standing safety practices. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION .—The program established 
under subsection (a) may not be deemed to be an endorsement of, or a preference for, motor car-riers or drivers recognized under the program. 
SEC. 32008. HIGH RISK CARRIER REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After the completion of the 
certification under section 32003 of this Act, and the establishment of the Safety Fitness Deter-mination program, the Secretary shall ensure that a review is completed on each motor carrier that demonstrates through performance data that it poses the highest safety risk. At a min-imum, a review shall be conducted whenever a motor carrier is among the highest risk carriers for 4 consecutive months. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
completion of the certification under section 32003 of this Act and the establishment of the Safety Fitness Determination program, the Sec-retary shall post on a public website a report on the actions the Secretary has taken to comply with this section, including the number of high risk carriers identified and the high risk carriers reviewed. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4138 of 
the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Trans-portation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (49 U.S.C. 31144 note) is repealed. 
Subtitle B—Transparency and Accountability 
SEC. 32201. PETITIONS FOR REGULATORY RELIEF. 
(a) A PPLICATIONS FOR REGULATORY RELIEF .— 
Notwithstanding subpart C of part 381 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary shall allow an applicant representing a class or group of motor carriers to apply for a specific exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations, for commercial motor vehicle drivers. 
(b) R
EVIEW PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish 
the procedures for the application for and the review of an exemption under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7460 November 3, 2015 
(2) P UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of receipt of an application for an exemption, the Secretary shall publish the appli-cation in the Federal Register and provide the public with an opportunity to comment. 
(3) P
UBLIC COMMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each application shall be 
available for public comment for a 30-day pe-riod, but the Secretary may extend the oppor-tunity for public comment for up to 60 days if it is a significant or complex request. 
(B) R
EVIEW .—Beginning on the date that the 
public comment period under subparagraph (A) ends, the Secretary shall have 60 days to review all of the comments received. 
(4) D
ETERMINATION .—At the end of the 60-day 
period under paragraph (3)(B), the Secretary shall publish a determination in the Federal Register, including— 
(A) the reason for granting or denying the ap-
plication; and 
(B) if the application is granted— (i) the specific class of persons eligible for the 
exemption; 
(ii) each provision of the regulations to which 
the exemption applies; and 
(iii) any conditions or limitations applied to 
the exemption. 
(5) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a determina-
tion whether to grant or deny an application for an exemption, the Secretary shall consider the safety impacts of the request and may provide appropriate conditions or limitations on the use of the exemption. 
(c) O
PPORTUNITY FOR RESUBMISSION .—If an 
application is denied and the applicant can rea-sonably address the reason for the denial, the Secretary may allow the applicant to resubmit the application. 
(d) P
ERIOD OF APPLICABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) of this subsection and subsection (f), each exemption granted under this section shall be valid for a period of 5 years unless the Sec-retary identifies a compelling reason for a short-er exemption period. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—At the end of the 5-year period 
under paragraph (1)— 
(A) the Secretary, at the Secretary’s discre-
tion, may renew the exemption for an additional 5-year period; or 
(B) an applicant may apply under subsection 
(a) for a permanent exemption from each appli-cable provision of the regulations. 
(e) L
IMITATION .—No exemption under this sec-
tion may be granted to or used by any motor carrier that has an unsatisfactory or condi-tional safety fitness determination. 
(f) P
ERMANENT EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
permanent the following limited exceptions: 
(A) Department of Defense Military Surface 
Deployment and Distribution Command trans-port of weapons, munitions, and sensitive classi-fied cargo as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on April 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 20556). 
(B) Department of Energy transport of secu-
rity-sensitive radioactive materials as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 22, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 35703). 
(C) Motor carriers that transport hazardous 
materials shipments requiring security plans under regulations of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration as pub-lished in the Federal Register Volume 80 on May 1, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 25004). 
(D) Perishable construction products as pub-
lished in the Federal Register Volume 80 on April 2, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 17819). 
(E) Passenger vehicle record of duty status 
change as published in the Federal Register Vol-ume 80 on June 4, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 31961). 
(F) Transport of commercial bee hives as pub-
lished in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 19, 2018. (80 Fed. Reg. 35425). 
(G) Specialized carriers and drivers respon-
sible for transporting loads requiring special permits as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 18, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 34957). (H) Safe transport of livestock as published in 
the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 33584). 
(2) A
DDITIONAL EXEMPTIONS .—The Secretary 
may make any temporary exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for com-mercial motor vehicle drivers that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act permanent if the Secretary determines that the permanent ex-emption will not degrade safety. The Secretary shall provide public notice and comment on a list of the additional temporary exemptions to be made permanent under this paragraph. 
(3) R
EVOCATION OF EXEMPTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may revoke an exemption issued under this section if the Secretary can demonstrate that the exemption has had a negative impact on safety. 
SEC. 32202. INSPECTOR STANDARDS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Administrator of the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall revise the regulations under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, as necessary, to incorporate by reference the certification stand-ards for roadside inspectors issued by the Com-mercial Vehicle Safety Alliance. 
SEC. 32203. TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Govern-ment Accountability Office shall conduct a com-prehensive analysis on the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration’s information tech-nology and data collection and management systems. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) evaluate the efficacy of the existing infor-
mation technology, data collection, processing systems, and data management systems and pro-grams, including their interaction with each other and their efficacy in meeting user needs; 
(2) identify any redundancies among the sys-
tems and programs described in paragraph (1); 
(3) explore the feasibility of consolidating data 
collection and processing systems; 
(4) evaluate the ability of the systems and pro-
grams described in paragraph (1) to meet the needs of— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration, at both the headquarters and State level; 
(B) the State agencies that implement the 
Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) other users; (5) evaluate the adaptability of the systems 
and programs described in paragraph (1), in order to make necessary future changes to en-sure user needs are met in an easier, timely, and more cost efficient manner; 
(6) investigate and make recommendations re-
garding— 
(A) deficiencies in existing data sets impacting 
program effectiveness; and 
(B) methods to improve any and all user inter-
faces; and 
(7) evaluate the appropriate role the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration should take with respect to software and information systems design, development, and maintenance for the purpose of improving the efficacy of the systems and programs described in paragraph (1). 
Subtitle C—Trucking Rules Updated by 
Comprehensive and Key Safety Reform 
SEC. 32301. UPDATE ON STATUTORY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until a final rule has been issued for each of the requirements described under paragraphs (1) through (5), the Adminis-trator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the status of a final rule for— 
(1) the minimum entry-level training require-
ments for an individual operating a commercial motor vehicle under section 31305(c) of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) motor carrier safety fitness determinations; (3) visibility of agricultural equipment under 
section 31601 of division C of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note); 
(4) regulations to require commercial motor ve-
hicles in interstate commerce and operated by a driver subject to the hours of service and record of duty status requirements under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, be equipped with an electronic control module ca-pable of limiting the maximum speed of the vehi-cle; and 
(5) any outstanding commercial motor vehicle 
safety regulation required by law and incom-plete for more than 2 years. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under subsection 
(a) shall include a description of the work plan, an updated rulemaking timeline, current staff allocations, any resource constraints, and any other details associated with the development of the rulemaking. 
SEC. 32302. STATUTORY RULEMAKING. 
The Administrator of the Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration shall prioritize the use of Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion resources for the completion of each out-standing statutory requirement for a rulemaking before beginning any new rulemaking unless the Secretary certifies to Congress that there is a significant need to move forward with a new rulemaking. 
SEC. 32303. GUIDANCE REFORM. 
(a) G UIDANCE .— 
(1) P OINT OF CONTACT .—Each guidance docu-
ment, other than a regulatory action, issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall have a date of publication or a date of revision, as applicable, and the name and contact information of a point of contact at the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration who can respond to questions regarding the gen-eral applicability of the guidance. 
(2) P
UBLIC ACCESSIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each guidance document 
and interpretation issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall be published on the Department of Transportation’s public website on the date of issuance. 
(B) R
EDACTION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration may redact from a guidance document or inter-pretation under subparagraph (A) any informa-tion that would reveal investigative techniques that would compromise Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration enforcement efforts. 
(3) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date that a guidance document is published under paragraph (2) or during the comprehen-sive review under subsection (c), whichever is earlier, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall revise the applicable regu-lations to incorporate the guidance document to the extent practicable. 
(4) R
EISSUANCE .—If a guidance document is 
not incorporated into the applicable regulations under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall— 
(A) reissue an updated guidance document; 
and 
(B) review and reissue an updated guidance 
document every 5 years during the comprehen-sive review process under subsection (c) until the date that the guidance document is removed or incorporated into the applicable regulations under paragraph (3) of this subsection. 
(b) U
PDATE .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall review regulations, guidance, and enforce-ment policies published on the Department of Transportation’s public website to ensure the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7461 November 3, 2015 
regulations, guidance, and enforcement policies 
are current, readily accessible to the public, and meet the standards under subsection (c)(1). 
(c) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), not 
less than once every 5 years, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall conduct a comprehensive review of its guidance and enforcement policies to determine whether— 
(A) the guidance and enforcement policies are 
consistent and clear; 
(B) the guidance is uniformly and consistently 
enforceable; and 
(C) the guidance is still necessary. (2) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to beginning 
the review, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a notice and request for comment soliciting input from stakeholders on which regulations should be updated or elimi-nated. 
(3) P
RIORITIZATION OF OUTSTANDING PETI -
TIONS .—As part of the review under paragraph 
(1), the Administrator shall prioritize consider-ation of each outstanding petition (as defined in section 32304(b) of this Act) submitted by a stakeholder for rulemaking. 
(4) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date that a review under paragraph (1) is complete, the Administrator shall publish on the Department of Transportation’s public website a report detailing the review and a full inventory of guidance and enforcement policies. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under subpara-
graph (A) of this paragraph shall include a summary of the response of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to each comment received under paragraph (2) indicating each re-quest the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration is granting. 
SEC. 32304. PETITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall— 
(1) publish on the Department of Transpor-
tation’s public website all petitions for regu-latory action submitted; 
(2) prioritize stakeholder petitions based on 
the likelihood of providing safety improvements; 
(3) formally respond to each petition by indi-
cating whether the Administrator will accept, deny, or further review, the petition not later than 180 days after the date the petition is pub-lished under paragraph (1); 
(4) prioritize resulting actions consistent with 
an action’s potential to reduce crashes, improve enforcement, and reduce unnecessary burdens; and 
(5) not later than 60 days after the date of re-
ceipt, publish, and update as necessary, on the Department of Transportation’s public website an inventory of the petitions described in para-graph (1), including any applicable disposition information for that petition. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF PETITION .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘petition’’ means a request for new regulations, regulatory interpretations or clari-fications, or retrospective review of regulations to eliminate or modify obsolete, ineffective, or overly-burdensome rules. 
SEC. 32305. REGULATORY REFORM. 
(a) R EGULATORY IMPACT ANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Within each regulatory im-
pact analysis of a proposed or final rule issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion, the Secretary shall whenever practicable— 
(A) consider effects of the proposed or final 
rule on a carrier with differing characteristics; and 
(B) formulate estimates and findings on the 
best available science. 
(2) S
COPE.—To the extent feasible and appro-
priate, and consistent with law, the analysis de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) use data generated from a representative 
sample of commercial vehicle operators, motor carriers, or both, that will be covered under the 
proposed or final rule; and 
(B) consider effects on commercial truck and 
bus carriers of various sizes and types. 
(b) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Before promulgating a pro-
posed rule under part B of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, if the proposed rule is likely to lead to the promulgation of a major rule the Secretary shall— 
(A) issue an advance notice of proposed rule-
making; or 
(B) determine to proceed with a negotiated 
rulemaking. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each advance notice of 
proposed rulemaking issued under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) identify the compelling public concern for 
a potential regulatory action, such as failures of private markets to protect or improve the safety of the public, the environment, or the well-being of the American people; 
(B) identify and request public comment on 
the best available science or technical informa-tion on the need for regulatory action and on the potential regulatory alternatives; 
(C) request public comment on the benefits 
and costs of potential regulatory alternatives reasonably likely to be included or analyzed as part of the notice of proposed rulemaking; and 
(D) request public comment on the available 
alternatives to direct regulation, including pro-viding economic incentives to encourage the de-sired behavior. 
(3) W
AIVER .—This subsection shall not apply 
when the Secretary, for good cause, finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons for such finding in the proposed or final rule) an advance notice of proposed rulemaking impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to limit the contents of any Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. 
Subtitle D—State Authorities 
SEC. 32401. EMERGENCY ROUTE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish a working group to deter-mine best practices for expeditious State ap-proval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recovery. 
(2) M
EMBERS .—The working group shall in-
clude representatives from— 
(A) State highway transportation departments 
or agencies; 
(B) relevant modal agencies within the De-
partment of Transportation; 
(C) emergency response or recovery experts; 
(D) relevant safety groups; and (E) persons affected by special permit restric-
tions during emergency response and recovery efforts. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining best 
practices under subsection (a), the working group shall consider whether— 
(1) hurdles currently exist that prevent the ex-
peditious State approval for special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and re-covery; 
(2) it is possible to pre-identify and establish 
emergency routes between States through which infrastructure repair materials could be deliv-ered following a natural disaster or an emer-gency; 
(3) a State could pre-designate an emergency 
route identified under paragraph (1) as a cer-tified emergency route if a motor vehicle that ex-ceeds the otherwise applicable Federal and State truck length or width limits may safely operate along such route during period of emergency re-covery; and 
(4) an online map could be created to identify 
each pre-designated emergency route under paragraph (2), including information on specific limitations, obligations, and notification re-
quirements along that route. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to the Secretary a report of its findings under this section and any rec-ommendations for the implementation of the best practices for expeditious State approval of spe-cial permits for vehicles involved in emergency recovery. Upon receipt, the Secretary shall pub-lish the report on a public website. 
(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTEX-
EMPTION .—The Federal Advisory Committee Act 
(5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this section. 
SEC. 32402. ADDITIONAL STATE AUTHORITY. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, any State impacted by section 4006 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–240; 105 Stat. 2148) shall be provided the option to up-date the routes listed in the final list as long as the update shifts routes to divided highways or does not increase centerline miles by more than 5 percent and the change is expected to increase safety performance. 
SEC. 32403. COMMERCIAL DRIVER ACCESS. 
(a) I NTERSTATE COMPACT PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration may establish a 6-year pilot program to study the feasibility, benefits, and safety impacts of allowing a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate commerce. 
(2) I
NTERSTATE COMPACTS .—The Secretary 
shall allow States, including the District of Co-lumbia, to enter into an interstate compact with contiguous States to allow a licensed driver be-tween the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a motor vehicle across the applicable State lines. The Secretary shall approve as many as 3 interstate compacts, with no more than 4 States per com-pact participating in each interstate compact. 
(3) M
UTUAL RECOGNITION OF LICENSES .—A 
valid intrastate commercial driver’s licenses issued by a State participating in an interstate compact under paragraph (2) shall be recog-nized as valid not more than 100 air miles from the border of the driver’s State of licensure in each State that is participating in that inter-state compact. 
(4) S
TANDARDS .—In developing an interstate 
compact under this subsection, participating States shall provide for minimum licensure standards acceptable for interstate travel under this section, which may include, for a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 partici-pating in the pilot program— 
(A) age restrictions; (B) distance from origin (measured in air 
miles); 
(C) reporting requirements; or (D) additional hours of service restrictions. (5) L
IMITATIONS .—An interstate compact 
under paragraph (2) may not permit special con-figuration or hazardous cargo operations to be transported by a licensed driver under the age of 21. 
(6) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary may— 
(A) prescribe such additional requirements, in-
cluding training, for a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 participating in the pilot program as the Secretary considers necessary; and 
(B) provide risk mitigation restrictions and 
limitations. 
(b) A
PPROVAL .—An interstate compact under 
subsection (a)(2) may not go into effect until it has been approved by the governor of each State (or the Mayor of the District of Columbia, if ap-plicable) that is a party to the interstate com-pact, after consultation with the Secretary of Transportation and the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7462 November 3, 2015 
(c) D ATA COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall 
collect and analyze data relating to accidents (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) in which a driver under the age of 21 participating in the pilot program is involved. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Beginning 3 years after the date 
the first compact is established and approved, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the data collection and findings of the pilot program, a determination of whether a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 can operate a commercial motor vehicle in inter-state commerce with an equivalent level of safe-ty, and the reasons for that determination. The Secretary may extend the air mileage require-ments under subsection (a)(3) to expand oper-ation areas and gather additional data for anal-ysis. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may termi-
nate the pilot program if the data collected under subsection (c) indicates that drivers under the age of 21 do not operate in interstate com-merce with an equivalent level of safety of those drivers age 21 and over. 
Subtitle E—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
SEC. 32501. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31101 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Trans-
portation.’’. 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 31101, as amended by sub-
section (a), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting a comma 
after ‘‘passengers’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘of Trans-
portation’’. 
SEC. 32502. GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 31102 is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘§ 31102. Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-
gram 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-
ister a motor carrier safety assistance program funded under section 31104. 
‘‘(b) G
OAL.—The goal of the program is to en-
sure that the Secretary, States, local govern-ments, other political jurisdictions, federally- recognized Indian tribes, and other persons work in partnership to establish programs to im-prove motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety to support a safe and efficient surface transportation system— 
‘‘(1) by making targeted investments to pro-
mote safe commercial motor vehicle transpor-tation, including the transportation of pas-sengers and hazardous materials; 
‘‘(2) by investing in activities likely to gen-
erate maximum reductions in the number and severity of commercial motor vehicle crashes and fatalities resulting from such crashes; 
‘‘(3) by adopting and enforcing effective motor 
carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety regulations and practices consistent with Federal requirements; and 
‘‘(4) by assessing and improving statewide per-
formance by setting program goals and meeting performance standards, measures, and bench-marks. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE PLANS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe procedures for a State to submit a mul-tiple-year plan, and annual updates thereto, under which the State agrees to assume respon-sibility for improving motor carrier safety, adopting and enforcing compatible regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Govern-ment on commercial motor vehicle safety and hazardous materials transportation safety. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall approve 
a plan if the Secretary determines that the plan is adequate to comply with the requirements of 
this section, and the plan— 
‘‘(A) implements performance-based activities, 
including deployment and maintenance of tech-nology to enhance the efficiency and effective-ness of commercial motor vehicle safety pro-grams; 
‘‘(B) designates a lead State commercial motor 
vehicle safety agency responsible for admin-istering the plan throughout the State; 
‘‘(C) contains satisfactory assurances that the 
lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agen-cy has or will have the legal authority, re-sources, and qualified personnel necessary to enforce the regulations, standards, and orders; 
‘‘(D) contains satisfactory assurances that the 
State will devote adequate resources to the ad-ministration of the plan and enforcement of the regulations, standards, and orders; 
‘‘(E) provides a right of entry and inspection 
to carry out the plan; 
‘‘(F) provides that all reports required under 
this section be available to the Secretary on re-quest; 
‘‘(G) provides that the lead State commercial 
motor vehicle safety agency will adopt the re-porting requirements and use the forms for rec-ordkeeping, inspections, and investigations that the Secretary prescribes; 
‘‘(H) requires all registrants of commercial 
motor vehicles to demonstrate knowledge of ap-plicable safety regulations, standards, and or-ders of the Federal Government and the State; 
‘‘(I) provides that the State will grant max-
imum reciprocity for inspections conducted under the North American Inspection Standards through the use of a nationally-accepted system that allows ready identification of previously inspected commercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(J) ensures that activities described in sub-
section (h), if financed through grants to the State made under this section, will not diminish the effectiveness of the development and imple-mentation of the programs to improve motor car-rier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety as described in subsection (b); 
‘‘(K) ensures that the lead State commercial 
motor vehicle safety agency will coordinate the plan, data collection, and information systems with the State highway safety improvement pro-gram required under section 148(c) of title 23; 
‘‘(L) ensures participation in appropriate Fed-
eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration infor-mation technology and data systems and other information systems by all appropriate jurisdic-tions receiving Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funding; 
‘‘(M) ensures that information is exchanged 
among the States in a timely manner; 
‘‘(N) provides satisfactory assurances that the 
State will undertake efforts that will emphasize and improve enforcement of State and local traf-fic safety laws and regulations related to com-mercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(O) provides satisfactory assurances in the 
plan that the State will address national prior-ities and performance goals, including— 
‘‘(i) activities aimed at removing impaired 
commercial motor vehicle drivers from the high-ways of the United States through adequate en-forcement of regulations on the use of alcohol and controlled substances and by ensuring ready roadside access to alcohol detection and measuring equipment; 
‘‘(ii) activities aimed at providing an appro-
priate level of training to State motor carrier safety assistance program officers and employ-ees on recognizing drivers impaired by alcohol or controlled substances; and 
‘‘(iii) when conducted with an appropriate 
commercial motor vehicle inspection, criminal interdiction activities, and appropriate strate-gies for carrying out those interdiction activi-ties, including interdiction activities that affect the transportation of controlled substances (as defined under section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 802) and listed in part 1308 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as updated and re-
published from time to time) by any occupant of a commercial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(P) provides that the State has established 
and dedicated sufficient resources to a program to ensure that— 
‘‘(i) the State collects and reports to the Sec-
retary accurate, complete, and timely motor car-rier safety data; and 
‘‘(ii) the State participates in a national motor 
carrier safety data correction system prescribed by the Secretary; 
‘‘(Q) ensures that the State will cooperate in 
the enforcement of financial responsibility re-quirements under sections 13906, 31138, and 31139 of this title, and regulations issued under these sections; 
‘‘(R) ensures consistent, effective, and reason-
able sanctions; 
‘‘(S) ensures that roadside inspections will be 
conducted at locations that are adequate to pro-tect the safety of drivers and enforcement per-sonnel; 
‘‘(T) provides that the State will include in 
the training manuals for the licensing examina-tion to drive both noncommercial motor vehicles and commercial motor vehicles information on best practices for driving safely in the vicinity of noncommercial and commercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(U) provides that the State will enforce the 
registration requirements of sections 13902 and 31134 of this title by prohibiting the operation of any vehicle discovered to be operated by a motor carrier without a registration issued under those sections or to be operated beyond the scope of the motor carrier’s registration; 
‘‘(V) provides that the State will conduct com-
prehensive and highly visible traffic enforce-ment and commercial motor vehicle safety in-spection programs in high-risk locations and corridors; 
‘‘(W) except in the case of an imminent haz-
ard or obvious safety hazard, ensures that an inspection of a vehicle transporting passengers for a motor carrier of passengers is conducted at a station, terminal, border crossing, mainte-nance facility, destination, or other location where adequate food, shelter, and sanitation fa-cilities are available for passengers, and reason-able accommodations are available for pas-sengers with disabilities; 
‘‘(X) ensures that the State will transmit to its 
roadside inspectors the notice of each Federal exemption granted under section 31315(b) of this title and sections 390.23 and 390.25 of title 49 of the Code of Federal Regulations and provided to the State by the Secretary, including the name of the person granted the exemption and any terms and conditions that apply to the exemp-tion; 
‘‘(Y) except as provided in subsection (d), pro-
vides that the State— 
‘‘(i) will conduct safety audits of interstate 
and, at the State’s discretion, intrastate new en-trant motor carriers under section 31144(g) of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) if the State authorizes a third party to 
conduct safety audits under section 31144(g) on its behalf, the State verifies the quality of the work conducted and remains solely responsible for the management and oversight of the activi-ties; 
‘‘(Z) provides that the State agrees to fully 
participate in the performance and registration information system management under section 31106(b) not later than October 1, 2020, by com-plying with the conditions for participation under paragraph (3) of that section; 
‘‘(AA) provides that a State that shares a land 
border with another country— 
‘‘(i) will conduct a border commercial motor 
vehicle safety program focusing on international commerce that includes enforcement and related projects; or 
‘‘(ii) will forfeit all funds calculated by the 
Secretary based on border-related activities if the State declines to conduct the program de-scribed in clause (i) in its plan; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7463 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(BB) provides that a State that meets the 
other requirements of this section and agrees to comply with the requirements established in subsection (l)(3) may fund operation and main-tenance costs associated with innovative tech-nology deployment under subsection (l)(3) with Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funds authorized under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall publish each approved State multiple-year plan, and each annual up-date thereto, on the Department of Transpor-tation’s public website not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary approves the plan 
or update. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Before posting an ap-
proved State multiple-year plan or annual up-date under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall redact any information identified by the State that, if disclosed— 
‘‘(i) would reasonably be expected to interfere 
with enforcement proceedings; or 
‘‘(ii) would reveal enforcement techniques or 
procedures that would reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law. 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF U.S. T ERRITORIES .—The 
requirement that a State conduct safety audits of new entrant motor carriers under subsection (c)(2)(Y) does not apply to a territory of the United States unless required by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) I
NTRASTATE COMPATIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary shall prescribe regulations specifying tol-erance guidelines and standards for ensuring compatibility of intrastate commercial motor ve-hicle safety laws, including regulations, with Federal motor carrier safety regulations to be enforced under subsections (b) and (c). To the extent practicable, the guidelines and standards shall allow for maximum flexibility while ensur-ing a degree of uniformity that will not diminish motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) B ASELINE .—Except as provided under 
paragraphs (2) and (3) and in accordance with section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, a State plan under subsection (c) shall provide that the total expenditure of amounts of the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agen-cy responsible for administering the plan will be maintained at a level each fiscal year at least equal to— 
‘‘(A) the average level of that expenditure for 
fiscal years 2004 and 2005; or 
‘‘(B) the level of that expenditure for the year 
in which the Secretary implements a new alloca-tion formula under section 32508 of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Pro-tection Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTED BASELINE AFTER FISCAL YEAR  
2017.—At the request of a State, the Secretary 
may evaluate additional documentation related to the maintenance of effort and may make rea-sonable adjustments to the maintenance of ef-fort baseline after the year in which the Sec-retary implements a new allocation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Trans-portation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, and this adjusted baseline will replace the main-tenance of effort requirement under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .—At the request of a State, the 
Secretary may waive or modify the requirements of this subsection for 1 fiscal year if the Sec-retary determines that a waiver or modification is reasonable, based on circumstances described by the State, to ensure the continuation of com-mercial motor vehicle enforcement activities in the State. 
‘‘(4) L
EVEL OF STATE EXPENDITURES .—In esti-
mating the average level of State expenditure under paragraph (1), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) may allow the State to exclude State ex-
penditures for Federally-sponsored demonstra-tion and pilot programs and strike forces; 
‘‘(B) may allow the State to exclude expendi-
tures for activities related to border enforcement and new entrant safety audits; and ‘‘(C) shall require the State to exclude State 
matching amounts used to receive Federal fi-nancing under section 31104. 
‘‘(g) U
SE OF UNIFIED CARRIER REGISTRATION  
FEESAGREEMENT .—Amounts generated under 
section 14504a of this title and received by a State and used for motor carrier safety purposes may be included as part of the State’s match re-quired under section 31104 of this title or main-tenance of effort required by subsection (f) of this section. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF GRANTS TOENFORCE OTHER 
LAWS.—When approved in the States’ plan 
under subsection (c), a State may use Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funds re-ceived under this section— 
‘‘(1) if the activities are carried out in con-
junction with an appropriate inspection of a commercial motor vehicle to enforce Federal or State commercial motor vehicle safety regula-tions, for— 
‘‘(A) enforcement of commercial motor vehicle 
size and weight limitations at locations, exclud-ing fixed weight facilities, such as near steep grades or mountainous terrains, where the weight of a commercial motor vehicle can sig-nificantly affect the safe operation of the vehi-cle, or at ports where intermodal shipping con-tainers enter and leave the United States; and 
‘‘(B) detection of and enforcement actions 
taken as a result of criminal activity, including the trafficking of human beings, in a commer-cial motor vehicle or by any occupant, including the operator, of the commercial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(2) for documented enforcement of State traf-
fic laws and regulations designed to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, in-cluding documented enforcement of such laws and regulations relating to noncommercial motor vehicles when necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, if— 
‘‘(A) the number of motor carrier safety activi-
ties, including roadside safety inspections, con-ducted in the State is maintained at a level at least equal to the average level of such activities conducted in the State in fiscal years 2004 and 2005; and 
‘‘(B) the State does not use more than 10 per-
cent of the basic amount the State receives under a grant awarded under section 31104(a)(1) for enforcement activities relating to non-commercial motor vehicles necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles unless the Secretary determines that a higher percentage will result in significant increases in commercial motor vehicle safety; and 
‘‘(3) for the enforcement of household goods 
regulations on intrastate and interstate carriers if the State has adopted laws or regulations compatible with the Federal household goods regulations. 
‘‘(i) E
VALUATION OF PLANS AND AWARD OF  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) A WARDS .—The Secretary shall establish 
criteria for the application, evaluation, and ap-proval of State plans under this section. Subject to subsection (j), the Secretary may allocate the amounts made available under section 31104(a)(1) among the States. 
‘‘(2) O
PPORTUNITY TO CURE .—If the Secretary 
disapproves a plan under this section, the Sec-retary shall give the State a written explanation of the reasons for disapproval and allow the State to modify and resubmit the plan for ap-proval. 
‘‘(j) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, by regula-
tion, shall prescribe allocation criteria for funds made available under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL ALLOCATIONS .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon as practicable there-after, and after making a deduction under sec-tion 31104(c), the Secretary shall allocate amounts made available in section 31104(a)(1) to carry out this section for the fiscal year among the States with plans approved under this sec-tion in accordance with the criteria under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) E
LECTIVE ADJUSTMENTS .—Subject to the 
availability of funding and notwithstanding fluctuations in the data elements used by the Secretary to calculate the annual allocation amounts, after the creation of a new allocation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehen-sive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015 the Secretary may not make elective adjustments to the allocation formula that de-crease a State’s Federal funding levels by more than 3 percent in a fiscal year. The 3 percent limit shall not apply to the withholding provi-sions of subsection (k). 
‘‘(k) P
LANMONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On the basis of reports sub-
mitted by the lead State agency responsible for administering an approved State plan and an investigation by the Secretary, the Secretary shall periodically evaluate State implementation of and compliance with the State plan. 
‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) D ISAPPROVAL .—If, after notice and an 
opportunity to be heard, the Secretary finds that the State plan previously approved is not being followed or has become inadequate to en-sure enforcement of the regulations, standards, or orders, or the State is otherwise not in com-pliance with the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withdraw approval of the plan and notify the State. The plan is no longer in effect once the State receives notice, and the Secretary shall withhold all funding under this section. 
‘‘(B) N
ONCOMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING .—In lieu 
of withdrawing approval of the plan, the Sec-retary may, after providing notice and an op-portunity to be heard, withhold funding from the State to which the State would otherwise be entitled under this section for the period of the State’s noncompliance. In exercising this option, the Secretary may withhold— 
‘‘(i) up to 5 percent of funds during the fiscal 
year that the Secretary notifies the State of its noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) up to 10 percent of funds for the first full 
fiscal year of noncompliance; 
‘‘(iii) up to 25 percent of funds for the second 
full fiscal year of noncompliance; and 
‘‘(iv) not more than 50 percent of funds for the 
third and any subsequent full fiscal year of noncompliance. 
‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A State adversely af-
fected by a determination under paragraph (2) may seek judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5. Notwithstanding the disapproval of a State plan under paragraph (2)(A) or the withholding under paragraph (2)(B), the State may retain jurisdiction in an administrative or a judicial proceeding that commenced before the notice of disapproval or withholding if the issues involved are not related directly to the reasons for the disapproval or withholding. 
‘‘(l) H
IGH PRIORITY FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-
ister a high priority financial assistance pro-gram funded under section 31104 for the pur-poses described in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES RELATED TO MOTOR CARRIER  
SAFETY .—The purpose of this paragraph is to 
make discretionary grants to and cooperative agreements with States, local governments, fed-erally-recognized Indian tribes, other political jurisdictions as necessary, and any person to carry out high priority activities and projects that augment motor carrier safety activities and projects planned in accordance with subsections (b) and (c), including activities and projects that— 
‘‘(A) increase public awareness and education 
on commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(B) target unsafe driving of commercial 
motor vehicles and non-commercial motor vehi-cles in areas identified as high risk crash cor-ridors; 
‘‘(C) support the enforcement of State house-
hold goods regulations on intrastate and inter-state carriers if the State has adopted laws or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7464 November 3, 2015 
regulations compatible with the Federal house-
hold good laws; 
‘‘(D) improve the safe and secure movement of 
hazardous materials; 
‘‘(E) improve safe transportation of goods and 
persons in foreign commerce; 
‘‘(F) demonstrate new technologies to improve 
commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(G) support participation in performance 
and registration information systems manage-ment under section 31106(b)— 
‘‘(i) for entities not responsible for submitting 
the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) for entities responsible for submitting the 
plan under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(I) before October 1, 2020, to achieve compli-
ance with the requirements of participation; and 
‘‘(II) beginning on October 1, 2020, or once 
compliance is achieved, whichever is sooner, for special initiatives or projects that exceed routine operations required for participation; 
‘‘(H) conduct safety data improvement 
projects— 
‘‘(i) that complete or exceed the requirements 
under subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities not re-sponsible for submitting the plan under sub-section (c); or 
‘‘(ii) that exceed the requirements under sub-
section (c)(2)(P) for entities responsible for sub-mitting the plan under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(I) otherwise improve commercial motor vehi-
cle safety and compliance with commercial motor vehicle safety regulations. 
‘‘(3) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish an innovative technology deployment grant program to make discretionary grants funded under section 31104(a)(2) to eligible States for the innovative technology deployment of com-mercial motor vehicle information systems and networks. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the program 
shall be— 
‘‘(i) to advance the technological capability 
and promote the deployment of intelligent trans-portation system applications for commercial motor vehicle operations, including commercial motor vehicle, commercial driver, and carrier- specific information systems and networks; and 
‘‘(ii) to support and maintain commercial 
motor vehicle information systems and net-works— 
‘‘(I) to link Federal motor carrier safety infor-
mation systems with State commercial motor ve-hicle systems; 
‘‘(II) to improve the safety and productivity of 
commercial motor vehicles and drivers; and 
‘‘(III) to reduce costs associated with commer-
cial motor vehicle operations and Federal and State commercial vehicle regulatory require-ments. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this paragraph, a State shall— 
‘‘(i) have a commercial motor vehicle informa-
tion systems and networks program plan ap-proved by the Secretary that describes the var-ious systems and networks at the State level that need to be refined, revised, upgraded, or built to accomplish deployment of commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks capabilities; 
‘‘(ii) certify to the Secretary that its commer-
cial motor vehicle information systems and net-works deployment activities, including hard-ware procurement, software and system develop-ment, and infrastructure modifications— 
‘‘(I) are consistent with the national intel-
ligent transportation systems and commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks architectures and available standards; and 
‘‘(II) promote interoperability and efficiency 
to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(iii) agree to execute interoperability tests de-
veloped by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration to verify that its systems conform with the national intelligent transportation sys-tems architecture, applicable standards, and protocols for commercial motor vehicle informa-
tion systems and networks. 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds may be 
used— 
‘‘(i) for deployment activities and activities to 
develop new and innovative advanced tech-nology solutions that support commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks; 
‘‘(ii) for planning activities, including the de-
velopment or updating of program or top level design plans in order to become eligible or main-tain eligibility under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(iii) for the operation and maintenance costs 
associated with innovative technology. 
‘‘(E) S
ECRETARY AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to award a State funding for the operation, and maintenance costs associ-ated with innovative technology deployment with funds made available under both sections 31104(a)(1) and 31104(a)(2) of this title.’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 31103 is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31103. Commercial Motor Vehicle Operators 
Grant Program 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-
ister a commercial motor vehicle operators grant program funded under section 31104. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the grant pro-
gram is to train individuals in the safe oper-ation of commercial motor vehicles (as defined in section 31301).’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 31104 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31104. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS .—The 
following sums are authorized to be appro-priated from the Highway Trust Fund for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Admin-istration Financial Assistance Programs: 
‘‘(1) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE PRO -
GRAM .—Subject to paragraph (2) of this sub-
section and subsection (c) of this section, to carry out section 31102— 
‘‘(A) $295,636,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $301,845,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $308,183,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $314,655,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $321,263,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) H
IGH PRIORITY ACTIVITIES FINANCIAL AS -
SISTANCE PROGRAM .—Subject to subsection (c), 
to make grants and cooperative agreements under section 31102(l) of this title, the Secretary may set aside from amounts made available under paragraph (1) of this subsection up to— 
‘‘(A) $42,323,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $43,212,000 for fiscal year 2018; 
‘‘(C) $44,119,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $45,046,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $45,992,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—To carry out section 31103— 
‘‘(A) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPLEMENTATION FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PRO -
GRAM .—Subject to subsection (c), to carry out 
section 31313— 
‘‘(A) $31,273,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $31,930,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $32,600,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $33,285,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $33,984,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) R
EIMBURSEMENT AND PAYMENT TO RE-
CIPIENTS FOR GOVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made available 
under subsection (a) shall be used to reimburse financial assistance recipients proportionally for the Federal Government’s share of the costs in-curred. 
‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT AMOUNTS .—The Sec-
retary shall reimburse a recipient, in accordance with a financial assistance agreement made under section 31102, 31103, or 31313, an amount that is at least 85 percent of the costs incurred 
by the recipient in a fiscal year in developing and implementing programs under these sec-tions. The Secretary shall pay the recipient an amount not more than the Federal Government share of the total costs approved by the Federal Government in the financial assistance agree-ment. The Secretary shall include a recipient’s in-kind contributions in determining the reim-bursement. 
‘‘(3) V
OUCHERS .—Each recipient shall submit 
vouchers at least quarterly for costs the recipi-ent incurs in developing and implementing pro-grams under section 31102, 31103, or 31313. 
‘‘(c) D
EDUCTIONS FOR PARTNER TRAINING AND  
PROGRAM SUPPORT .—On October 1 of each fiscal 
year, or as soon after that date as practicable, the Secretary may deduct from amounts made available under paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) of subsection (a) for that fiscal year not more than 1.50 percent of those amounts for partner train-ing and program support in that fiscal year. The Secretary shall use at least 75 percent of those deducted amounts to train non-Federal Government employees and to develop related training materials in carrying out these pro-grams. 
‘‘(d) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
ASCONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS .—The approval 
of a financial assistance agreement by the Sec-retary under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 is a contractual obligation of the Federal Govern-ment for payment of the Federal Government’s share of costs in carrying out the provisions of the grant or cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
shall establish criteria for eligible activities to be funded with financial assistance agreements under this section and publish those criteria in a notice of funding availability before the finan-cial assistance program application period. 
‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY OF FINANCIAL  
ASSISTANCE AGREEMENT FUNDS FOR RECIPIENT  
EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The period of availability 
for a recipient to expend a grant or cooperative agreement authorized under subsection (a) is as follows: 
‘‘(A) For grants made for carrying out section 
31102, other than section 31102(l), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) For grants or cooperative agreements 
made for carrying out section 31102(l)(2), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 2 fiscal years. 
‘‘(C) For grants made for carrying out section 
31102(l)(3), for the fiscal year in which it is obli-gated and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(D) For grants made for carrying out section 
31103, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(E) For grants or cooperative agreements 
made for carrying out 31313, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(2) R
EOBLIGATION .—Amounts not expended 
by a recipient during the period of availability shall be released back to the Secretary for re-obligation for any purpose under sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 in accordance with sub-section (i) of this section. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from the 
Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their ap-portionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDING .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(i) T
RANSFER OF OBLIGATION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the contract authority 
authorized for motor carrier safety grants, the Secretary shall have authority to transfer avail-able unobligated contract authority and associ-ated liquidating cash within or between Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7465 November 3, 2015 
financial assistance programs authorized under 
this section and make new Federal financial as-sistance awards under this section. 
‘‘(2) C
OST ESTIMATES .—Of the funds trans-
ferred, the contract authority and associated liquidating cash or obligations and expenditures stemming from Federal financial assistance awards made with this contract authority shall not be scored as new obligations by the Office of Management and Budget or by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION ON TOTAL OF OBLIGA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no limitation on the total of obligations for Federal financial assistance programs carried out by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Admin-istration under this section shall apply to unob-ligated funds transferred under this sub-section.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S AFETY FITNESS OF OWNERS AND OPERATOR ; 
SAFETY REVIEWS OF NEW OPERATORS .—Section 
31144(g) is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
(2) I NFORMATION SYSTEMS ; PERFORMANCE AND  
REGISTRATION INFORMATION PROGRAM .—Section 
31106(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4). 
(3) B ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
31107 is repealed. 
(4) P ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFORMA -
TION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT .—Section 31109 is re-
pealed. 
(5) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 311 is amended— 
(A) by striking the items relating to 31107 and 
31109; and 
(B) by striking the items relating to sections 
31102, 31103, and 31104 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘31102. Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-
gram. 
‘‘31103. Commercial Motor Vehicle Operators 
Grant Program. 
‘‘31104. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
(6) G
RANTS FOR COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE  
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—Section 31313(a), 
as amended by section 32506 of this Act, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Transportation shall administer a financial as-sistance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Transportation shall admin-ister a financial assistance program for commer-cial driver’s license program implementation funded under section 31104 of this title for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. 
(7) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—Section 4126 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note) is re-pealed. 
(8) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4128 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note) is repealed. 
(9) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134 of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is repealed. 
(10) W INTER HOME HEATING OIL DELIVERY  
STATE FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .—Section 346 of 
National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 (49 U.S.C. 31166 note) is repealed. 
(11) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AS CONDITION ON  
GRANTS TO STATES .—Section 103(c) of the Motor 
Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(12) S
TATE COMPLIANCE WITH CDL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 103(e) of the Motor Carrier 
Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(13) B
ORDER STAFFING STANDARDS .—Section 
218(d) of the Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31133 note) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under sec-
tion 31104(f)(2)(B) of title 49, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2016. (f) T
RANSITION .—Notwithstanding the amend-
ments made by this section, the Secretary shall carry out sections 31102, 31103, 31104 of title 49, United States Code, and any sections repealed under subsection (d) of this section, as nec-essary, as those sections were in effect on the day before October 1, 2016, with respect to appli-cations for grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts under those sections submitted before October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 32503. NEW ENTRANT SAFETY REVIEW PRO-
GRAM STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Trans-portation shall report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives on its assessment of the new operator safety re-view program, required under section 31144(g) of title 49, United States Code, including the pro-gram’s effectiveness in reducing commercial motor vehicles involved in crashes, fatalities, and injuries, and in improving commercial motor vehicle safety. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
completion of the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representa-tives a report on the actions the Secretary will take to address any recommendations included in the study under subsection (a). 
(c) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT OF 1995; E X-
CEPTION .—The study and the Office of the In-
spector General assessment shall not be subject to section 3506 or section 3507 of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 32504. PERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGE-MENT. 
Section 31106(b) is amended in the heading by 
striking ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S YSTEMS  
MANAGEMENT ’’. 
SEC. 32505. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 311 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 31110. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for the Secretary of Transportation to pay administrative expenses of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration— 
‘‘(1) $264,439,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $269,992,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $275,662,000 for fiscal year 2018; 
‘‘(4) $281,451,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $287,361,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $293,396,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—The funds authorized by 
this section shall be used— 
‘‘(1) for personnel costs; ‘‘(2) for administrative infrastructure; ‘‘(3) for rent; ‘‘(4) for information technology; ‘‘(5) for programs for research and technology, 
information management, regulatory develop-ment, the administration of the performance and registration information systems manage-ment; 
‘‘(6) for programs for outreach and education 
under subsection (d); 
‘‘(7) to fund the motor carrier safety facility 
working capital fund established under sub-section (c); 
‘‘(8) for other operating expenses; ‘‘(9) to conduct safety reviews of new opera-
tors; and 
‘‘(10) for such other expenses as may from 
time to time become necessary to implement stat-utory mandates of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration not funded from other sources. ‘‘(c) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY FACILITY WORK-
INGCAPITAL FUND.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may estab-
lish a motor carrier safety facility working cap-ital fund. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—Amounts in the fund shall be 
available for modernization, construction, leases, and expenses related to vacating, occu-pying, maintaining, and expanding motor car-rier safety facilities, and associated activities. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the fund 
shall be available without regard to fiscal year limitation. 
‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—Amounts may be appropriated 
to the fund from the amounts made available in subsection (a). 
‘‘(5) F
UND TRANSFERS .—The Secretary may 
transfer funds to the working capital fund from the amounts made available in subsection (a) or from other funds as identified by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-
duct, through any combination of grants, con-tracts, cooperative agreements, or other activi-ties, an internal and external outreach and edu-cation program to be administered by the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
an outreach and education program for which a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement is made under this subsection may be up to 100 percent of the cost of the grant, contract, or co-operative agreement. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—From amounts made available 
in subsection (a), the Secretary shall make available such sums as are necessary to carry out this subsection each fiscal year. 
‘‘(e) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from the 
Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their ap-portionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY .—Amounts made 
available under this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION .—The ap-
proval of funds by the Secretary under this sec-tion is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Federal Govern-ment’s share of costs.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ; AUTHORIZATION  
OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 31104 is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking subsection (i); and (B) by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) 
and subsections (i) and (j), respectively. 
(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER  
SUBSECTION (I) .—Section 4116(d) of SAFETEA– 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31104 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 31104(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31110’’. 
(3) I
NTERNAL COOPERATION .—Section 31161 is 
amended by striking ‘‘31104(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘31110’’. 
(4) SAFETEA–LU; 
OUTREACH AND EDU -
CATION .—Section 4127 of SAFETEA–LU (119 
Stat. 1741; Public Law 109–59) is repealed. 
(5) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of subchapter I of chapter 311 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘31110. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 32506. COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LICENSE PRO-
GRAM IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31313 is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31313. Commercial driver’s license program 
implementation financial assistance pro-gram 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall administer a financial assistance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7466 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(1) S TATE COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE  
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation may make a grant to a State agency in a fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) to comply with the requirements of sec-
tion 31311; 
‘‘(B) in the case of a State that is making a 
good faith effort toward substantial compliance with the requirements of section 31311, to im-prove its implementation of its commercial driv-er’s license program, including expenses— 
‘‘(i) for computer hardware and software; ‘‘(ii) for publications, testing, personnel, 
training, and quality control; 
‘‘(iii) for commercial driver’s license program 
coordinators; and 
‘‘(iv) to implement or maintain a system to no-
tify an employer of an operator of a commercial motor vehicle of the suspension or revocation of the operator’s commercial driver’s license con-sistent with the standards developed under sec-tion 32303(b) of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhancement Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 31304 note). 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary may 
make a grant or cooperative agreement in a fis-cal year to a State agency, local government, or any person for research, development or testing, demonstration projects, public education, or other special activities and projects relating to commercial driver’s licensing and motor vehicle safety that— 
‘‘(A) benefit all jurisdictions of the United 
States; 
‘‘(B) address national safety concerns and cir-
cumstances; 
‘‘(C) address emerging issues relating to com-
mercial driver’s license improvements; 
‘‘(D) support innovative ideas and solutions to 
commercial driver’s license program issues; or 
‘‘(E) address other commercial driver’s license 
issues, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .—A recipient may not use 
financial assistance funds awarded under this section to rent, lease, or buy land or buildings. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall issue an 
annual report on the activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(d) A
PPORTIONMENT .—All amounts made 
available to carry out this section for a fiscal year shall be apportioned to a State or recipient described in subsection (a)(2) according to cri-teria prescribed by the Secretary.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of contents of chapter 313 is 
amended by striking the item relating to section 31313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31313. Commercial driver’s license program im-
plementation financial assistance program.’’. 
SEC. 32507. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY PROGRAMS FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE PRO-
GRAM GRANT EXTENSION .—Section 31104(a) is 
amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
inserting ‘‘and, for fiscal year 2016, sections 31102, 31107, and 31109 of this title and section 4128 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note)’’ after ‘‘31102’’; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(11) ‘$259,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF GRANT PROGRAMS .—Section 
4101(c) SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715; Public Law 109–59), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS FUNDING .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund the following sums for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration programs: 
‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—For carrying out the commercial driver’s license program improve-
ment grants program under section 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—From 
amounts made available under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for border en-forcement grants under section 31107 of that title, $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAMS .—From amounts made available under 
section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for the performance and registration informa-tion systems management grant program under section 31109 of that title, $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—For car-
rying out the commercial vehicle information systems and networks deployment program under section 4126 of this Act (the innovative technology deployment program), $25,000,000, for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
From amounts made available under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for safe-ty data improvement grants under section 4128 of this Act, $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
(c) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(j)(2), as redesignated by section 32505 of this Act is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘2016’’. 
(d) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) S ET ASIDE .—The Secretary shall set aside 
from amounts made available by section 31104(a) up to $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 for audits of new entrant motor carriers conducted under this paragraph.’’. 
(e) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts made available 
under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall make available, $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out the commercial motor vehicle operators grant pro-gram.’’. 
(f) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4126 of SAFETEA– 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note; 119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109–59) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘Funds deobligated by the Secretary from previous year grants shall not be counted towards the $2,500,000 maximum aggregate amount for core deployment.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for plan-ning activities, including the development or up-dating of program or top level design plans.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(4), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the development or updating of program or top level design plans.’’. 
(2) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
PROGRAM .—For fiscal year 2016, the commercial 
vehicle information systems and networks de-ployment program under section 4126 of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109– 59) may also be referred to as the innovative technology deployment program. 
SEC. 32508. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE 
PROGRAM ALLOCATION. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish a motor carrier safety as-sistance program formula working group (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘working group’’. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the working group shall consist of rep-resentatives of the following: (i) The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration. 
(ii) The lead State commercial motor vehicle 
safety agencies responsible for administering the plan required by section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(iii) An organization representing State agen-
cies responsible for enforcing a program for in-spection of commercial motor vehicles. 
(iv) Such other persons as the Secretary con-
siders necessary. 
(B) C
OMPOSITION .—Representatives of State 
commercial motor vehicle safety agencies shall comprise at least 51 percent of the membership. 
(3) N
EW ALLOCATION FORMULA .—The working 
group shall analyze requirements and factors for a new motor carrier safety assistance pro-gram allocation formula. 
(4) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date the working group is established under paragraph (1), the working group shall make a recommendation to the Secretary regard-ing a new Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-gram allocation formula. 
(5) FACA 
EXEMPTION .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this sub-section. 
(6) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall publish on a public website summaries of its meetings, and the final recommendation pro-vided to the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING .—After 
receiving the recommendation under subsection (a)(4), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice seeking public comment on a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) B
ASIS FOR FORMULA .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the new allocation formula is based on factors that reflect, at a minimum— 
(1) the relative needs of the States to comply 
with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) the relative administrative capacities of 
and challenges faced by States in complying with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(3) the average of each State’s new entrant 
motor carrier inventory for the 3-year period prior to the date of enactment of this Act; 
(4) the number of international border inspec-
tion facilities and border crossings by commer-cial vehicles in each State; and 
(5) any other factors the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
(d) F
UNDING AMOUNTS PRIOR TO DEVELOP -
MENT OF A NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) I NTERIM FORMULA .—Prior to the develop-
ment of the new allocation formula, the Sec-retary may calculate the interim funding amounts for the motor carrier safety assistance program in fiscal year 2017 (and later fiscal years, as necessary) under section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by sec-tion 32502 of this Act, by the following method-ology: 
(A) The Secretary shall calculate the funding 
amount using the allocation formula the Sec-retary used to award motor carrier safety assist-ance program funding in fiscal year 2016 under section 2507 of this Act. 
(B) The Secretary shall average the funding 
awarded or other equitable amounts to a State in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for border en-forcement grants awarded under section 32603(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141) and new entrant audit grants awarded under that section, or other equitable amounts. 
(C) The Secretary shall add the amounts cal-
culated in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Subject to the availability 
of funding and notwithstanding fluctuations in the data elements used by the Secretary, the ini-tial amounts resulting from the calculation de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to en-sure that, for each State, the amount shall not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7467 November 3, 2015 
be less than 97 percent of the average amount of 
funding received or other equitable amounts in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
(A) motor carrier safety assistance program 
funds awarded under section 32603(a) of MAP– 21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141); 
(B) border enforcement grants awarded under 
section 32603(a) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141); and 
(C) new entrant audit grants awarded under 
section 32603(a) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141). 
(3) I
MMEDIATE RELIEF .—In developing the new 
allocation formula, the Secretary shall provide immediate relief for at least 3 fiscal years to all States currently subject to the withholding pro-visions of Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-gram funds for matters of noncompliance. 
(4) F
UTURE WITHHOLDINGS .—Beginning on the 
date that the new allocation formula is imple-mented, the Secretary shall impose all future withholdings in accordance with section 31102(k) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(e) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This 
section expires upon the implementation of a new Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program Allocation Formula. 
SEC. 32509. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT CALCULA-
TION. 
(a) B EFORE NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) F ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—If a new allocation for-
mula has not been established for fiscal year 2017, then, for fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of Transportation shall calculate the maintenance of effort required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, by averaging the expenditures for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 required by section 32601(a)(5) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141), as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—The Secretary 
may use the methodology for calculating the maintenance of effort for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter if a new allocation formula has not been established. 
(b) B
EGINNING WITHNEWALLOCATION FORMA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3)(B), beginning on the date that a new al-location formula is established under section 2508, upon the request of a State, the Secretary may modify the baseline maintenance of effort required by section 31102(e) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, for the purpose of establishing a new base-line maintenance of effort if the Secretary deter-mines that a waiver or modification— 
(A) is equitable due to reasonable cir-
cumstances; 
(B) will ensure the continuation of commercial 
motor vehicle enforcement activities in the State; and 
(C) is necessary to ensure that the total 
amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under sections 31102 and 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, does not exceed a sum greater than the average of the total amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures for the 3 fiscal years prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT METHODOLOGY .—If requested 
by a State, the Secretary may modify the main-tenance of effort baseline according to the fol-lowing methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall establish the mainte-
nance of effort using the average of fiscal years 2004 and 2005, as required by section 32601(a)(5) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141). 
(B) The Secretary shall calculate the average 
required match by a lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency for fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for motor carrier safety assistance grants established at 20 percent by section 31103 of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act. (C) The Secretary shall calculate the esti-
mated match required under section 31104(b) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by sec-tion 32502 of this Act. 
(D) The Secretary will subtract the amount in 
subparagraph (B) from the amount in subpara-graph (C) and— 
(i) if the number is greater than 0, then the 
Secretary shall subtract the number from the amount in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) if the number is not greater than 0, then 
the Secretary shall calculate the maintenance of effort using the methodology in subparagraph (A). 
(3) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the 
amount calculated in paragraph (2) as the base-line maintenance of effort required in section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—If a State does not request a 
waiver or modification under this subsection be-fore September 30 during the first fiscal year that the Secretary implements the new alloca-tion formula under section 32508, the Secretary shall calculate the maintenance of effort using the methodology in paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection. 
(4) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT DESCRIBED .—The 
maintenance of effort calculated under this sec-tion is the amount required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The au-
thority under this section terminates effective on the date that the new maintenance of effort is calculated based on the new allocation formula implemented under section 32508. 
Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 32601. WINDSHIELD TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall revise the regulations in section 393.60(e) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to the prohibition on obstructions to the driver’s field of view) to exempt from that section the voluntary mounting on a windshield of vehicle safety technology likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of safety that would be achieved absent the exemption. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF VEHICLE SAFETY TECH-
NOLOGY .—In this section, ‘‘vehicle safety tech-
nology’’ includes fleet-related incident manage-ment system, performance or behavior manage-ment system, speed management system, lane de-parture warning system, forward collision warn-ing or mitigation system, active cruise control system, and any other technology that the Sec-retary considers applicable. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of 
this section, any windshield mounted tech-nology with a short term exemption under part 381 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be considered likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of safety that would be achieved absent an exemption under subsection (a). 
SEC. 32602. ELECTRONIC LOGGING DEVICES RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
Section 31137(b) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘apply to’’ 
and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3), apply to’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A motor carrier, when 
transporting a motor home or recreation vehicle trailer within the definition of ‘driveaway- towaway operation’ (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) may comply with the hours of service requirements by requiring each driver to use— 
‘‘(A) a paper record of duty status form; or ‘‘(B) an electronic logging device.’’. SEC. 32603. LAPSE OF REQUIRED FINANCIAL SE-
CURITY; SUSPENSION OF REGISTRA-TION. 
Section 13906(e) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 
suspend’’ after ‘‘revoke’’. 
SEC. 32604. ACCESS TO NATIONAL DRIVER REG-
ISTER. 
Section 30305(b) is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(13) The Administrator of the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration may request the chief driver licensing official of a State to pro-vide information under subsection (a) of this section about an individual in connection with a safety investigation under the Administrator’s jurisdiction.’’. 
SEC. 32605. STUDY ON COMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHI-
CLE DRIVER COMMUTING. 
(a) E FFECTS OF COMMUTING .—The Adminis-
trator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration shall conduct a study of the effects of motor carrier operator commutes exceeding 150 minutes commuting time on safety and com-mercial motor vehicle driver fatigue. 
(b) S
TUDY .—In conducting the study, the Ad-
ministrator shall consider— 
(1) the prevalence of driver commuting in the 
commercial motor vehicle industry, including the number and percentage of drivers who com-mute; 
(2) the distances traveled, time zones crossed, 
time spent commuting, and methods of transpor-tation used; 
(3) research on the impact of excessive com-
muting on safety and commercial motor vehicle driver fatigue; 
(4) the commuting practices of commercial 
motor vehicle drivers and policies of motor car-riers; 
(5) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration regulations, policies, and guidance re-garding driver commuting; and 
(6) any other matters the Administrator con-
siders appropriate. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress a report con-taining the findings under the study and any recommendations for legislative action con-cerning driver commuting. 
SEC. 32606. HOUSEHOLD GOODS CONSUMER PRO-
TECTION WORKING GROUP. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a working group for the purpose of de-veloping recommendations on how to best con-vey to inexperienced consumers the information such consumers need to know with respect to the Federal laws concerning the interstate transportation of household goods by motor car-rier. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the working group is comprised of individ-uals with expertise in consumer affairs, edu-cators with expertise in how people learn most effectively, and representatives of the household goods moving industry. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(1) C ONTENTS .—The recommendations devel-
oped by the working group shall include, at a minimum, recommendations on— 
(A) condensing publication ESA 03005 of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration into a format that is more easily used by con-sumers; 
(B) using state-of-the-art education tech-
niques and technologies, including optimizing the use of the Internet as an educational tool; and 
(C) reducing and simplifying the paperwork 
required of motor carriers and shippers in inter-state transportation. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—Not later than one year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall make the recommendations de-scribed in paragraph (1) which the Secretary shall publish on a public website. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date on which the working group makes its rec-ommendations, the Secretary shall issue a report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7468 November 3, 2015 
to Congress on the implementation of such rec-
ommendations. 
(e) F EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTEX-
EMPTION .—The Federal Advisory Committee Act 
(5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this section. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 32607. INTERSTATE VAN OPERATIONS. 
Section 4136 of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 
109–59; 119 Stat. 1745; 49 U.S.C. 3116 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘with the exception of commuter vanpool operations, which shall re-main exempt’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 32608. REPORT ON DESIGN AND IMPLEMEN-
TATION OF WIRELESS ROADSIDE IN-SPECTION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the design, development, test-ing, and implementation of wireless roadside in-spection systems. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include a determination as to whether wireless roadside inspection sys-tems— 
(1) conflict with existing non-Federal elec-
tronic screening systems, or create capabilities already available; 
(2) require additional statutory authority to 
incorporate generated inspection data into the safety measurement system or the safety fitness determinations program; and 
(3) provide appropriate restrictions to specifi-
cally address privacy concerns of affected motor carriers and operators. 
SEC. 32609. MOTORCOACH HOURS OF SERVICE 
STUDY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT BEFORE IMPLEMENTING NEW 
RULES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not 
amend, adjust, or revise the driver hours of serv-ice regulations for motor carriers of passengers, by rulemaking or any other means, until the Secretary conducts a formal study that properly accounts for operational differences and variances in crash data for drivers in intercity motorcoach service and interstate property car-rier operations and between segments of the intercity motorcoach industry. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) the impact of the current hours of service 
regulations for motor carriers of passengers on fostering safe operation of intercity motorcoaches; 
(B) the separation of the failures of the cur-
rent passenger carrier hours-of-service regula-tions and the lack of enforcement of the current regulations by Federal and State agencies; 
(C) the correlation of noncompliance with cur-
rent passenger carrier hours of service rule to passenger carrier accidents using data from 2000 through 2013; and 
(D) how passenger carrier crashes could have 
been mitigated by any changes to passenger car-rier hours of service rules. 
(b) E
MERGENCY REGULATIONS .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect the Sec-retary’s existing authority to provide relief from the hours of service regulations in the event of an emergency under section 390.232 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 32610. GAO REVIEW OF SCHOOL BUS SAFETY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives, a review of the following: 
(1) Existing Federal and State rules and guid-
ance, as of the date of the review, concerning school bus transportation of elementary school 
and secondary school students engaging in home-to-school transport or other transport de-termined by the Comptroller General to be a rou-tine part of kindergarten through grade 12 edu-cation, including regulations and guidance re-garding driver training programs, capacity re-quirements, programs for special needs students, inspection standards, vehicle age requirements, best practices, and public access to inspection results and crash records. 
(2) Any correlation between public or private 
school bus fleet operators whose vehicles are in-volved in an accident as defined by section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and each of the following: 
(A) A failure by those same operators of State 
or local safety inspections. 
(B) The average age or odometer readings of 
the school buses in the fleets of such operators. 
(C) Violations of Federal laws administered by 
the Department of Transportation, or of State law equivalents of such laws. 
(D) Violations of State or local law relating to 
illegal passing of a school bus. 
(3) A regulatory framework comparison of 
public and private school bus operations. 
(4) Expert recommendations on best practices 
for safe and reliable school bus transportation, including driver training programs, inspection standards, school bus age and odometer reading maximums for retirement, the percentage of buses in a local bus fleet needed as spare buses, and capacity levels per school bus for different age groups. 
SEC. 32611. USE OF HAIR TESTING FOR PRE-
EMPLOYMENT AND RANDOM CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES TESTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited 
as the ‘‘Drug Free Commercial Driver Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF HAIRTESTING AS AN  
ACCEPTABLE PROCEDURE FOR PREEMPLOYMENT  
ANDRANDOM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE TESTS.— 
Section 31306 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-
paragraph (C); and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The 
regulations shall permit such motor carriers to conduct preemployment testing of such employ-ees for the use of alcohol.’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) The regulations prescribed under sub-
paragraph (A) shall permit motor carriers— 
‘‘(i) to conduct preemployment testing of com-
mercial motor vehicle operators for the use of al-cohol; and 
‘‘(ii) to use hair testing as an acceptable alter-
native to urinalysis— 
‘‘(I) in conducting preemployment screening 
for the use of a controlled substance; and 
‘‘(II) in conducting random screening for the 
use of a controlled substance by individuals who were subject to preemployment screening.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) laboratory protocols and cut-off levels 
for hair testing to detect the use of a controlled substance;’’. 
(c) E
XEMPTION FROM MANDATORY URINAL -
YSIS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any motor carrier that dem-
onstrates, to the satisfaction of the Adminis-trator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration, in consultation with the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, that it can carry out an applicable hair testing program, consistent with generally accepted industry standards, to detect the use of a controlled sub-stance by commercial motor vehicle operators, may apply to the Administrator for an exemp-tion from the mandatory urinalysis testing re-quirements set forth in subpart C of part 382 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations until a 
final rule is issued implementing the amend-ments made by subsection (b). 
(2) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In evaluating applications 
for an exemption under paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator, in consultation with the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, shall deter-mine if the applicant’s testing program employs procedures and protections similar to fleets that have carried out hair testing programs for at least 1 year. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A testing program may 
not receive an exemption under paragraph (1) unless the applicable testing laboratories— 
(i) have obtained laboratory accreditation spe-
cific to hair testing from an accrediting body, compliant with international or other Federal standards, as appropriate, such as the College of American Pathologists; and 
(ii) utilize hair testing assays that have been 
cleared by the Food and Drug Administration under section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360(k)). 
(3) D
EADLINE FOR DECISIONS .—Not later than 
90 days after receiving an application from a motor carrier under this subsection, the Admin-istrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall determine whether the motor carrier is exempt from the testing requirements described in paragraph (1). 
(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Any motor car-
rier that is granted an exemption under para-graph (1) shall submit records to the national clearinghouse established under section 31306a of title 49, United States Code, relating to all positive test results and test refusals from the hair testing program described in that para-graph. 
(d) G
UIDELINES FOR HAIRTESTING .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue scientific and technical guidelines for hair testing as a method of detect-ing the use of a controlled substance for pur-poses of section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by subsection (b). When issuing the scientific and technical guidelines, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may consider differentiating between exposure to, and usage of, various controlled substances. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Sec-
retary shall submit an annual report to Con-gress that— 
(1) summarizes the results of preemployment 
and random drug testing using both hair testing and urinalysis; 
(2) evaluates the efficacy of each method; and (3) determines which method provides the most 
accurate means of detecting the use of con-trolled substances over time. 
TITLE XXXIII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
SEC. 33101. ENDORSEMENTS. 
(a) E XCLUSIONS .—Section 5117(d)(1) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) a service vehicle (as defined in section 
33101 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015) carrying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less that is— 
‘‘(i) driven by a class A commercial driver’s li-
cense holder who is a custom harvester, an agri-cultural retailer, an agricultural business em-ployee, an agricultural cooperative employee, or an agricultural producer; and 
‘‘(ii) clearly marked with a placard reading 
‘Diesel Fuel’.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS ENDORSEMENT EX-
EMPTION .—The Secretary shall exempt all class 
A commercial driver’s license holders who are custom harvesters, agricultural retailers, agri-cultural business employees, agricultural coop-erative employees, or agricultural producers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7469 November 3, 2015 
from the requirement to obtain a hazardous ma-
terials endorsement under part 383 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, while operating a service vehicle carrying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less if the tank containing such fuel is clearly marked with a placard reading ‘‘Diesel Fuel’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF SERVICE VEHICLE .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘service vehicle’’ means a vehi-cle carrying diesel fuel that will be deductible as a profit-seeking activity— 
(1) under section 162 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 as a business expense; or 
(2) under section 212 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 as a production of income expense. 
SEC. 33102. ENHANCED REPORTING. 
Section 5121(h) is amended by striking ‘‘trans-
mit to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate’’ and inserting ‘‘post on the Department of Transportation pub-lic website’’. 
SEC. 33103. HAZARDOUS MATERIAL INFORMA-
TION. 
(a) D ERAILMENT DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the form for reporting a rail equip-ment accident or incident under section 225.21 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (Form FRA F 6180.54, Rail Equipment Accident/Incident Re-port), including to its instructions, to require additional data concerning rail cars carrying crude oil or ethanol that are involved in a re-portable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of that title. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The data under subsection (a) 
shall include— 
(A) the number of rail cars carrying crude oil 
or ethanol; 
(B) the number of rail cars carrying crude oil 
or ethanol damaged or derailed; and 
(C) the number of rail cars releasing crude oil 
or ethanol. 
(3) D IFFERENTIATION .—The data described in 
paragraph (2) shall be reported separately for crude oil and for ethanol. 
(b) D
ATABASE CONNECTIVITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement information management prac-tices to ensure that the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration Hazardous Ma-terials Incident Reports Database (referred to in this section as ‘‘Incident Reports Database’’) and the Federal Railroad Administration Rail-road Safety Information System contain accu-rate and consistent data on a reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involving the release of hazardous materials. 
(2) I
DENTIFIERS .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the Incident Reports Database uses a searchable Federal Railroad Administration re-port number, or other applicable unique identi-fier that is linked to the Federal Railroad Safety Information System, for each reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involving the release of hazardous materials. 
(c) E
VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Trans-
portation Inspector General shall— 
(A) evaluate the accuracy of information in 
the Incident Reports Database, including deter-mining whether any inaccuracies exist in— 
(i) the type of hazardous materials released; (ii) the quantity of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(iii) the location of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(iv) the damages or effects of hazardous mate-
rials released; and 
(v) any other data contained in the database; 
and 
(B) considering the requirements in subsection 
(b), evaluate the consistency and accuracy of data involving accidents or incidents reportable 
to both the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the Federal Railroad Administration, including whether the Incident Reports Database uses a searchable identifier described in subsection (b)(2). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Depart-ment of Transportation Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) and recommendations for resolv-ing any inconsistencies or inaccuracies. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to prohibit the Secretary from requiring other commodity-specific information for any reportable rail equipment accident or in-cident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 33104. NATIONAL EMERGENCY AND DIS-
ASTER RESPONSE. 
(a) P URPOSE .—Section 5101 is amended by in-
serting and ‘‘and to facilitate the safe movement of hazardous materials during national emer-gencies’’ after ‘‘commerce’’. 
(b) G
ENERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Sec-
tion 5103 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) F EDERALLY DECLARED DISASTER AND  
EMERGENCY AREAS.—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may prescribe standards to facilitate the safe movement of hazardous materials into, from, and within a federally declared disaster area or a national emergency area.’’. 
SEC. 33105. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Section 5128 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5128. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this chapter (except sections 5107(e), 5108(g)(2), 5113, 5115, 5116, and 5119)— 
‘‘(1) $43,660,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $44,577,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $45,513,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $46,469,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $47,445,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $48,441,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS FUND.—From the Hazardous Mate-
rials Emergency Preparedness Fund established under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend, during each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
‘‘(1) $188,000 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(2) $21,800,000 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $13,650,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(3) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(4) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under section 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(5) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(j). ‘‘(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—From the Hazardous Materials Emer-
gency Preparedness Fund established pursuant to section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend $4,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out section 5107(e). 
‘‘(d) C
REDITS TO APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) E XPENSES .—In addition to amounts oth-
erwise made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may credit amounts received from a State, Indian tribe, or other public authority or private entity for expenses the Secretary in-curs in providing training to the State, author-ity, or entity. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. TITLE XXXIV—HIGHWAY AND MOTOR 
VEHICLE SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Highway Traffic Safety 
PART I—HIGHWAY SAFETY 
SEC. 34101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are au-
thorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count): 
(1) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—For carrying 
out section 402 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $243,526,500 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $252,267,972 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $261,229,288 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $270,415,429 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $279,831,482 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $289,482,646 for fiscal year 2021. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—For carrying out section 403 of title 23, 
United States Code— 
(A) $137,835,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $140,729,535 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $143,684,855 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $146,702,237 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $149,782,984 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $152,928,427 for fiscal year 2021. 
(3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
For carrying out section 405 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $274,720,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $277,467,200 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $280,241,872 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $283,044,291 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $285,874,734 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $288,733,481 for fiscal year 2021. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—For the Na-
tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration to carry out chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code— 
(A) $5,105,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $5,212,205 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $5,321,661 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $5,433,416 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $5,547,518 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $5,664,016 for fiscal year 2021. (5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PROGRAM .— 
For carrying out section 2009 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note)— 
(A) $29,290,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $29,582,900 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $29,878,729 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $30,177,516 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $30,479,291 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $30,784,084 for fiscal year 2021. (6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—For adminis-
trative and related operating expenses of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion in carrying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and this subtitle— 
(A) $25,755,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $26,012,550 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $26,272,676 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $26,535,402 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $26,800,756 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $27,068,764 for fiscal year 2021. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON OTHER USES.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, in this subtitle, and in the amendments made by this subtitle, the amounts made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for a program under such chapter— 
(1) shall only be used to carry out such pro-
gram; and 
(2) may not be used by States or local govern-
ments for construction purposes. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and in this subtitle, amounts made available under subsection (a) for fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available for obligation in the same manner as if such funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
(d) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Grants award-
ed under this subtitle shall be in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7470 November 3, 2015 
(e) S TATE MATCHING REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
grant awarded under this subtitle requires a State to share in the cost, the aggregate of all expenditures for highway safety activities made during any fiscal year by the State and its polit-ical subdivisions (exclusive of Federal funds) for carrying out the grant (other than planning and administration) shall be available for the purpose of crediting the State during such fiscal year for the non-Federal share of the cost of any project under this subtitle (other than plan-ning or administration) without regard to whether such expenditures were actually made in connection with such project. 
(f) G
RANT APPLICATION AND DEADLINE .—To 
receive a grant under this subtitle, a State shall submit an application, and the Secretary shall establish a single deadline for such applications to enable the award of grants early in the next fiscal year. 
(g) T
RANSFERS .—Section 405(a)(1)(G) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(G) T
RANSFERS .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graphs (A) through (F), the Secretary shall re-allocate, before the last day of any fiscal year, any amounts remaining available of the amounts allocated to carry out any of the ac-tivities described in subsections (b) through (g) to increase the amount made available to carry out section 402, in order to ensure, to the max-imum extent possible, that all such amounts are obligated during such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 34102. HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .—Section 402(g) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(g) R
ESTRICTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to authorize the appropriation or expenditure of funds for highway construc-tion, maintenance, or design (other than design of safety features of highways to be incor-porated into guidelines).’’. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
402(c)(2) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘A State may provide the funds apportioned under this section to a polit-ical subdivision of a State, including Indian tribal governments.’’ after ‘‘neighboring States.’’. 
(2) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 405(a)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(I) P
OLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS .—A State may 
provide the funds awarded under this section to a political subdivision of a State, including In-dian tribal governments.’’. 
(c) T
RACKING PROCESS .—Section 412 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) T
RACKING PROCESS .—The Secretary shall 
develop a process to identify and mitigate pos-sible systemic issues across States and regional offices by reviewing oversight findings and rec-ommended actions identified in triennial State management reviews.’’. 
(d) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PLANS.—Section 
402(k)(5)(A) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’. 
(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—Section 
405(a)(1)(H) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(H) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT CERTIFI -
CATION .—As part of the grant application re-
quired in section 402(k)(3)(F), a State receiving a grant in any fiscal year under subsection (b), subsection (c), or subsection (d) of this section shall provide certification that the lead State agency responsible for programs described in any of those sections is maintaining aggregate expenditures at or above the average level of such expenditures in the 2 fiscal years prior to the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015.’’. SEC. 34103. GRANTS FOR ALCOHOL-IGNITION 
INTERLOCK LAWS AND 24–7 SOBRI-ETY PROGRAMS. 
Section 405(d) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6)— (A) by amending the heading to read as fol-
lows: ‘‘A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by amending the 
heading to read as follows: ‘‘G RANTS TO STATES  
WITH ALCOHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK LAWS .—’’; 
(C) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E), respectively; 
(D) by inserting after subparagraph (A), the 
following: 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO STATES WITH 24 –7 SOBRIETY  
PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall make a sepa-
rate grant under this subsection to each State that— 
‘‘(i) adopts and is enforcing a law that re-
quires all individuals convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or of driving while in-toxicated to receive a restriction on driving privileges; and 
‘‘(ii) provides a 24–7 sobriety program.’’; (E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’; 
(G) by amending subparagraph (E), as redes-
ignated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(E) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(i) F UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH AL -
COHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK LAWS .—Not more 
than 12 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall be made available by the Secretary for making grants under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) F
UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH 24 – 
7 SOBRIETY PROGRAMS .—Not more than 3 percent 
of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall be made avail-able by the Secretary for making grants under subparagraph (B).’’; and 
(H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) E
XCEPTIONS .—A State alcohol-ignition 
interlock law under subparagraph (A) may in-clude exceptions for the following cir-cumstances: 
‘‘(i) The individual is required to operate an 
employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(ii) The individual is certified by a medical 
doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an ignition inter-lock device.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7)(A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘or a State agency’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘or an agency with jurisdiction’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘bond,’’ before ‘‘sentence’’; (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘who plead 
guilty or’’ and inserting ‘‘who was arrested, plead guilty, or’’; and 
(C) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘at a testing lo-
cation’’ after ‘‘per day’’. 
SEC. 34104. REPEAT OFFENDER CRITERIA. 
Section 164(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respectively; 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) 24–7 SOBRIETY PROGRAM .—The term ‘24–7 
sobriety program’ has the meaning given the term in section 405(d)(7)(A).’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘or combination of laws or pro-grams’’ after ‘‘State law’’; and 
(B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(A) receive, for a period of not less than 1 
year— ‘‘(i) a suspension of all driving privileges; 
‘‘(ii) a restriction on driving privileges that 
limits the individual to operating only motor ve-hicles with an ignition interlock device in-stalled, unless a special exception applies; 
‘‘(iii) a restriction on driving privileges that 
limits the individual to operating motor vehicles only if participating in, and complying with, a 24–7 sobriety program; or 
‘‘(iv) any combination of clauses (i) through 
(iii);’’; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (B); (D) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively; and 
(E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated— (i) in clause (i)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; and 
inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general prac-
tice is that such an individual will be incarcer-ated; and’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; and 
inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general prac-
tice is that such an individual will receive ap-proximately 10 days of incarceration.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end— ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL EXCEPTION .—The term ‘special 
exception’ means an exception under a State al-cohol-ignition interlock law for the following circumstances: 
‘‘(A) The individual is required to operate an 
employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(B) The individual is certified by a medical 
doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an ignition inter-lock device.’’. 
SEC. 34105. STUDY ON THE NATIONAL ROADSIDE 
SURVEY OF ALCOHOL AND DRUG USE BY DRIVERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date that the 
Comptroller General reviews and reports on the overall value of the National Roadside Survey to researchers and other public safety stake-holders, the differences between a National Roadside Survey site and typical law enforce-ment checkpoints, and the effectiveness of the National Roadside Survey methodology at pro-tecting the privacy of the driving public, as re-quested by the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate on June 5, 2014 (Senate Report 113– 182), the Secretary shall report to Congress on the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration’s progress toward reviewing that report and implementing any recommendations made in that report. 
SEC. 34106. INCREASING PUBLIC AWARENESS OF 
THE DANGERS OF DRUG-IMPAIRED DRIVING. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—The Administrator 
of the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration, in consultation with the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, State highway safety offices, and other interested parties, as determined by the Administrator, shall identify and carry out additional actions that should be undertaken by the Administra-tion to assist States in their efforts to increase public awareness of the dangers of drug-im-paired driving, including the dangers of driving while under the influence of heroin or prescrip-tion opioids. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7471 November 3, 2015 
Infrastructure of the House of Representatives 
that describes the additional actions undertaken by the Administration pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 34107. IMPROVEMENT OF DATA COLLECTION 
ON CHILD OCCUPANTS IN VEHICLE CRASHES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the crash investigation data collec-tion system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to include the collection of the following data in connection with vehicle crashes whenever a child restraint system was in use in a vehicle involved in a crash: 
(1) The type or types of child restraint systems 
in use during the crash in any vehicle involved in the crash, including whether a five-point harness or belt-positioning booster. 
(2) If a five-point harness child restraint sys-
tem was in use during the crash, whether the child restraint system was forward-facing or rear-facing in the vehicle concerned. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In implementing sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall work with law enforcement officials, safety advocates, the med-ical community, and research organizations to improve the recordation of data described in subsection (a) in police and other applicable in-cident reports. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on child occu-pant crash data collection in the crash inves-tigation data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration pursu-ant to the revision required by subsection (a). 
PART II—STOP MOTORCYCLE 
CHECKPOINT FUNDING ACT 
SEC. 34121. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Motor-
cycle Checkpoint Funding Act’’. 
SEC. 34122. GRANT RESTRICTION. 
Notwithstanding section 153 of title 23, United 
States Code, the Secretary may not provide a grant or any funds to a State, county, town, township, Indian tribe, municipality, or other local government that may be used for any pro-gram— 
(1) to check helmet usage; or (2) to create checkpoints that specifically tar-
get motorcycle operators or motorcycle pas-sengers. 
PART III—IMPROVING DRIVER SAFETY 
ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34131. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Driver Safety Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34132. DISTRACTED DRIVING INCENTIVE 
GRANTS. 
Section 405(e) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘includes 
distracted driving issues as part of the State’s driver’s license examination and’’ after ‘‘any State that’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a viola-
tion of the statute; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) does not provide for an exception that 
specifically allows a driver to use a personal wireless communications device for texting while stopped in traffic.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— 
(A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(A) prohibits the use of a personal wireless 
communications device while driving for driv-ers— ‘‘(i) younger than 18 years of age; or 
‘‘(ii) in the learner’s permit and intermediate 
license stages;’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a viola-
tion of the statute; and 
‘‘(D) does not provide for an exception that 
specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communications device while stopped in traffic.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 31152’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 31136’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) any additional exceptions determined by 
the Secretary through the rulemaking process.’’; 
(5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL DISTRACTED DRIVING  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall use up to 50 per-cent of the amounts available for grants under this subsection to award grants to any State that— 
‘‘(i) in fiscal year 2017— ‘‘(I) certifies that it has enacted a basic text 
messaging statute that— 
‘‘(aa) is applicable to drivers of all ages; and ‘‘(bb) makes violation of the basic text mes-
saging statute a primary offense or secondary enforcement action as allowed by State statute; and 
‘‘(II) is otherwise ineligible for a grant under 
this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) in fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(I) meets the requirements under clause (i); ‘‘(II) imposes fines for violations; and ‘‘(III) has a statute that prohibits drivers who 
are younger than 18 years of age from using a personal wireless communications device while driving. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(5) and subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this subparagraph, amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for activi-ties related to the enforcement of distracted driving laws, including for public information and awareness purposes. 
‘‘(ii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—In fiscal year 2017, up 
to 15 percent of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any el-igible project or activity under section 402. 
‘‘(iii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2018 .—In fiscal year 2018, 
up to 25 percent of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (9)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘, in-
cluding operation while temporarily stationary 
because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise’’. 
SEC. 34133. BARRIERS TO DATA COLLECTION RE-
PORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) identifies any legal and technical barriers 
to capturing adequate data on the prevalence of the use of wireless communications devices while driving; and 
(2) provides recommendations on how to ad-
dress such barriers. 
SEC. 34134. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR STATE 
GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING IN-CENTIVE GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 405(g)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘21’’ and 
inserting ‘‘18’’; and 
(2) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) L ICENSING PROCESS .—A State is in com-
pliance with the 2-stage licensing process de-scribed in this subparagraph if the State’s driv-er’s license laws include— 
‘‘(i) a learner’s permit stage that— ‘‘(I) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(II) contains a prohibition on the driver 
using a personal wireless communications device (as defined in subsection (e)) while driving ex-cept under an exception permitted under para-graph (4) of that subsection, and makes a viola-tion of the prohibition a primary offense; 
‘‘(III) requires applicants to successfully pass 
a vision and knowledge assessment prior to re-ceiving a learner’s permit; 
‘‘(IV) requires that the driver be accompanied 
and supervised at all times while the driver is operating a motor vehicle by a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age or is a State-cer-tified driving instructor; 
‘‘(V) has a requirement that the driver— ‘‘(aa) complete a State-certified driver edu-
cation or training course; or 
‘‘(bb) obtain at least 50 hours of behind-the- 
wheel training, with at least 10 hours at night, with a licensed driver; 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver— ‘‘(aa) reaches 16 years of age and enters the 
intermediate stage; or 
‘‘(bb) reaches 18 years of age; ‘‘(ii) an intermediate stage that— ‘‘(I) commences immediately after the expira-
tion of the learner’s permit stage and successful completion of a driving skills assessment; 
‘‘(II) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(III) prohibits the driver from using a per-
sonal wireless communications device (as de-fined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under paragraph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a primary offense; 
‘‘(IV) for the first 6 month of the intermediate 
stage, restricts driving at night between the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. when not su-pervised by a licensed driver 21 years of age or older, excluding transportation to work, school, religious activities, or emergencies; 
‘‘(V) prohibits the driver from operating a 
motor vehicle with more than 1 nonfamilial pas-senger younger than 21 years of age unless a li-censed driver who is at least 21 years of age is in the motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver 
reaches 17 years of age; and 
‘‘(iii) a learner’s permit and intermediate 
stage that require, in addition to any other pen-alties imposed by State law, the granting of an unrestricted driver’s license be automatically de-layed for any individual who, during the learn-er’s permit or intermediate stage, is convicted of a driving-related offense during the first 6 months, including— 
‘‘(I) driving while intoxicated; 
‘‘(II) misrepresentation of the individual’s 
age; 
‘‘(III) reckless driving; ‘‘(IV) driving without wearing a seat belt; ‘‘(V) speeding; or ‘‘(VI) any other driving-related offense, as de-
termined by the Secretary.’’. 
PART IV—TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 34141. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO THE 
MOTOR VEHICLE AND HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2012. 
(a) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 402 
of title 23, United States Code is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘except 
as provided in paragraph (3),’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(E)— (A) by striking ‘‘in which a State’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘for which a State’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting 
‘‘subsection (k)’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7472 November 3, 2015 
(3) in subsection (k)(4), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’. 
(b) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—Section 403(e) of title 23, United States 
Code is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 49’’ after ‘‘chapter 301’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 405 of title 23, United States Code is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(5), by striking ‘‘section 
402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 402’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(4)(A)(iv), by striking ‘‘de-
veloped under subsection (g)’’. 
Subtitle B—Vehicle Safety 
SEC. 34201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, amounts as follows: 
(1) $132,730,000 for fiscal year 2016. (2) $135,517,330 for fiscal year 2017. (3) $138,363,194 for fiscal year 2018. (4) $141,268,821 for fiscal year 2019. (5) $144,235,466 for fiscal year 2020. (6) $147,264,411 for fiscal year 2021. (b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO-
PRIATIONS IF A CERTIFICATION ISMADE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the amounts 
authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, if the certification described in paragraph (2) is made during a fiscal year there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for that pur-pose for that fiscal year and subsequent fiscal years an additional amount as follows: 
(A) $46,270,000 for fiscal year 2016. (B) $51,537,670 for fiscal year 2017. (C) $57,296,336 for fiscal year 2018. (D) $62,999,728 for fiscal year 2019. (E) $69,837,974 for fiscal year 2020. (F) $76,656,407 for fiscal year 2021. (2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .—The certifi-
cation described in this paragraph is a certifi-cation made by the Secretary and submitted to Congress that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has implemented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST– 2015–063). As part of the certification, the Sec-retary shall review the actions the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has taken to implement the recommendations and issue a report to Congress detailing how the rec-ommendations were implemented. The Secretary shall not delegate or assign the responsibility under this paragraph. 
SEC. 34202. INSPECTOR GENERAL RECOMMENDA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and periodi-cally thereafter until the completion date, the Department of Transportation Inspector Gen-eral shall report to the appropriate committees of Congress on whether and what progress has been made to implement the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PROGRESS .—The Admin-
istrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall— 
(1) not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the actions the Administrator has taken to imple-ment the recommendations in the audit report described in subsection (a), including a plan for implementing any remaining recommendations; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, issue a final report to the appropriate committees of Congress on the im-plementation of all of the recommendations in the audit report described in subsection (a). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(2) C
OMPLETION DATE .—The term ‘‘completion 
date’’ means the date that the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration has imple-mented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
SEC. 34203. IMPROVEMENTS IN AVAILABILITY OF 
RECALL INFORMATION. 
(a) V EHICLE RECALL INFORMATION .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement current in-formation technology, web design trends, and best practices that will help ensure that motor vehicle safety recall information available to the public on the Federal website is readily acces-sible and easy to use, including— 
(1) by improving the organization, avail-
ability, readability, and functionality of the website; 
(2) by accommodating high-traffic volume; 
and 
(3) by establishing best practices for sched-
uling routine website maintenance. 
(b) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
PUBLIC AWARENESS REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
shall study the current use by consumers, deal-ers, and manufacturers of the safety recall in-formation made available to the public, includ-ing the usability and content of the Federal and manufacturers’ websites and the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration’s efforts to publicize and educate consumers about safety recall information. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall issue a report with the findings of the study under paragraph (1), including recom-mending any actions the Secretary can take to improve public awareness and use of the websites for safety recall information. 
(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .—Sec-
tion 31301(c) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30166 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .—The 
Secretary shall improve public awareness of safety recall information made publicly avail-able by periodically updating the method of con-veying that information to consumers, dealers, and manufacturers, such as through public service announcements.’’. 
(d) C
ONSUMER GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet detailed guidance for consumers submitting safety complaints, including— 
(1) a detailed explanation of what information 
a consumer should include in a complaint; and 
(2) a detailed explanation of the possible ac-
tions the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration can take to address a complaint and respond to the consumer, including infor-mation on— 
(A) the consumer records, such as photo-
graphs and police reports, that could assist with an investigation; and 
(B) the length of time a consumer should re-
tain the records described in subparagraph (A). 
(e) VIN S
EARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordina-
tion with industry, including manufacturers and dealers, shall study— 
(A) the feasibility of searching multiple vehi-
cle identification numbers at a time to retrieve motor vehicle safety recall information; and 
(B) the feasibility of making the search mech-
anism described under subparagraph (A) pub-licly available. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the study 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider the potential costs, and potential risks to 
privacy and security in implementing such a search mechanism. 
SEC. 34204. RECALL PROCESS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION IMPROVEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe a final rule revising the regula-tions under section 577.7 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to include notification by elec-tronic means in addition to notification by first class mail. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF ELECTRONIC MEANS .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘electronic means’’ includes electronic mail and may include such other means of electronic notification, such as social media or targeted online campaigns, as deter-mined by the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION BY MANUFACTURER .—Sec-
tion 30118(c) is amended by inserting ‘‘or elec-tronic mail’’ after ‘‘certified mail’’. 
(c) R
ECALL COMPLETION RATES REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and bienni-ally thereafter for 4 years, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct an analysis of vehicle safety re-
call completion rates to assess potential actions by the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration to improve vehicle safety recall comple-tion rates; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the analysis. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report shall include— 
(A) the annual recall completion rate by man-
ufacturer, model year, component (such as brakes, fuel systems, and air bags), and vehicle type (passenger car, sport utility vehicle, pas-senger van, and pick-up truck) for each of the 5 years before the year the report is submitted; 
(B) the methods by which the Secretary has 
conducted analyses of these recall completion rates to determine trends and identify risk fac-tors associated with lower recall rates; and 
(C) the actions the Secretary has planned to 
improve recall completion rates based on the re-sults of this data analysis. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT OF VEHICLE  
RECALLS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Trans-
portation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s management of vehicle safety recalls. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The audit shall include a de-
termination of whether the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration— 
(A) appropriately monitors recalls to ensure 
the appropriateness of scope and adequacy of recall completion rates and remedies; 
(B) ensures manufacturers provide safe rem-
edies, at no cost to consumers; 
(C) is capable of coordinating recall remedies 
and processes; and 
(D) can improve its policy on consumer notice 
to combat effects of recall fatigue. 
SEC. 34205. PILOT GRANT PROGRAM FOR STATE 
NOTIFICATION TO CONSUMERS OF MOTOR VEHICLE RECALL STATUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 
2016, the Secretary shall implement a 2-year pilot program to evaluate the feasibility and ef-fectiveness of a State process for informing con-sumers of open motor vehicle recalls at the time of motor vehicle registration in the State. 
(b) G
RANTS .—To carry out this program, the 
Secretary may make a grant to each eligible State, but not more than 6 eligible States in total, that agrees to comply with the require-ments under subsection (c). Funds made avail-able to a State under this section shall be used by the State for the pilot program described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant, a 
State shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7473 November 3, 2015 
(1) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary prescribes; 
(2) agree to notify, at the time of registration, 
each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle pre-sented for registration in the State of any open recall on that vehicle; 
(3) provide the open motor vehicle recall infor-
mation at no cost to each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle presented for registration in the State; and 
(4) provide such other information as the Sec-
retary may require. 
(d) A
WARDS .—In selecting an applicant for an 
award under this section, the Secretary shall consider the State’s methodology for deter-mining open recalls on a motor vehicle, for in-forming consumers of the open recalls, and for determining performance. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE PERIOD .—Each grant 
awarded under this section shall require a 2- year performance period. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
completion of the performance period under sub-section (e), a grantee shall provide to the Sec-retary a report of performance containing such information as the Secretary considers necessary to evaluate the extent to which open recalls have been remedied. 
(g) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall evaluate the extent to which open recalls identified have been remedied. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONSUMER .—The term ‘‘consumer’’ in-
cludes owner and lessee. 
(2) M OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘motor vehi-
cle’’ has the meaning given the term under sec-tion 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) O
PEN RECALL .—The term ‘‘open recall’’ 
means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
(4) R
EGISTRATION .—The term ‘‘registration’’ 
means the process for registering motor vehicles in the State. 
(5) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning 
given the term under section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 34206. RECALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER BANK-
RUPTCY. 
Section 30120A is amended by striking ‘‘chap-
ter 11 of title 11,’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 7 or chapter 11 of title 11’’. 
SEC. 34207. DEALER REQUIREMENT TO CHECK 
FOR OPEN RECALL. 
Section 30120(f) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A 
manufacturer’’ and indenting appropriately; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by strik-
ing the period at the end and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘if— 
‘‘(A) at the time of providing service for each 
of the manufacturer’s motor vehicles it services, the dealer notifies the owner or the individual requesting the service of any open recall; and 
‘‘(B) the notification requirement under sub-
paragraph (A) is specified in a franchise, oper-ating, or other agreement between the dealer and the manufacturer.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF OPEN RECALL .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘open recall’ means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under section 30119 and that has not been remedied under this section.’’. 
SEC. 34208. EXTENSION OF TIME PERIOD FOR 
REMEDY OF TIRE DEFECTS. 
Section 30120(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘60 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘180 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60-day’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘180-day’’. 
SEC. 34209. RENTAL CAR SAFETY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited 
as the ‘‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 30102(a) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and (11) 
as paragraphs (12) and (13), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respectively; 
(3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) ‘covered rental vehicle’ means a motor ve-
hicle that— 
‘‘(A) has a gross vehicle weight rating of 
10,000 pounds or less; 
‘‘(B) is rented without a driver for an initial 
term of less than 4 months; and 
‘‘(C) is part of a motor vehicle fleet of 5 or 
more motor vehicles that are used for rental pur-poses by a rental company.’’; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (10), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(11) ‘rental company’ means a person who— ‘‘(A) is engaged in the business of renting cov-
ered rental vehicles; and 
‘‘(B) uses for rental purposes a motor vehicle 
fleet of 5 or more covered rental vehicles.’’. 
(c) R
EMEDIES FOR DEFECTS AND NONCOMPLI -
ANCE.—Section 30120(i) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by adding ‘‘, OR 
RENTAL ’’ at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) If notification’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If notification’’; 
(B) by indenting subparagraphs (A) and (B) 
four ems from the left margin; 
(C) by inserting ‘‘or the manufacturer has 
provided to a rental company notification about a covered rental vehicle in the company’s pos-session at the time of notification’’ after ‘‘time of notification’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘the dealer may sell or lease,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the dealer or rental company may sell, lease, or rent’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sale or 
lease’’ and inserting ‘‘sale, lease, or rental agreement’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection may be construed to prohibit a dealer or rental company from offering the vehicle or equipment for sale, lease, or rent.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC RULES FOR RENTAL COMPANIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided under this paragraph, a rental company shall comply with the limitations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in subparagraph (C) and paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 24 hours after the earliest receipt of the notice to owner under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 (including the vehicle identifica-tion number for the covered vehicle) by the rent-al company, whether by electronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR LARGE VEHICLE  
FLEETS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), if 
a rental company receives a notice to owner cov-ering more than 5,000 motor vehicles in its fleet, the rental company shall comply with the limi-tations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in sub-paragraph (C) and paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 48 hours after the earliest receipt of the notice to owner under sub-section (b) or (c) of section 30118 (including the vehicle identification number for the covered ve-hicle) by the rental company, whether by elec-tronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR WHEN REMEDIES NOT  
IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE .—If a notification re-
quired under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 indicates that the remedy for the defect or noncompliance is not immediately available and specifies actions to temporarily alter the vehicle that eliminate the safety risk posed by the defect or noncompliance, the rental company, after causing the specified actions to be performed, may rent (but may not sell or lease) the motor vehicle. Once the remedy for the rental vehicle becomes available to the rental company, the 
rental company may not rent the vehicle until the vehicle has been remedied, as provided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(D) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO JUNK AUTO -
MOBILES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), this 
subsection does not prohibit a rental company from selling a covered rental vehicle if such ve-hicle— 
‘‘(i) meets the definition of a junk automobile 
under section 201 of the Anti-Car Theft Act of 1992 (49 U.S.C. 30501); 
‘‘(ii) is retitled as a junk automobile pursuant 
to applicable State law; and 
‘‘(iii) is reported to the National Motor Vehi-
cle Information System, if required under sec-tion 204 of such Act (49 U.S.C. 30504).’’. 
(d) M
AKING SAFETY DEVICES AND ELEMENTS  
INOPERATIVE .—Section 30122(b) is amended by 
inserting ‘‘rental company,’’ after ‘‘dealer,’’ each place such term appears. 
(e) I
NSPECTIONS , I NVESTIGATIONS , AND 
RECORDS .—Section 30166 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘or dealer’’ 
each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘or dealer’’ 
each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘or to own-
ers’’ and inserting ‘‘, rental companies, or other owners’’. 
(f) R
ESEARCH AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
Transportation may conduct a study of— 
(1) the effectiveness of the amendments made 
by this section; and 
(2) other activities of rental companies (as de-
fined in section 30102(a)(11) of title 49, United States Code) related to their use and disposition of motor vehicles that are the subject of a notifi-cation required under section 30118 of title 49, United States Code. 
(g) S
TUDY .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Section 
32206(b)(2) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 785) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as sub-
paragraph (G); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) evaluate the completion of safety recall 
remedies on rental trucks; and’’. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Section 32206(c) of such Act is 
amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘R EPORT .—Not later’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(c) R EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later’’; 
(C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (E) and (G) of subsection (b)(2)’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
AFETY RECALL REMEDY REPORT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the ‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’, the Secretary shall sub-mit a report to the congressional committees set forth in paragraph (1) that contains— 
‘‘(A) the findings of the study conducted pur-
suant to subsection (b)(2)(F); and 
‘‘(B) any recommendations for legislation that 
the Secretary determines to be appropriate.’’. 
(h) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
solicit comments regarding the implementation of this section from members of the public, in-cluding rental companies, consumer organiza-tions, automobile manufacturers, and auto-mobile dealers. 
(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section or the amendments made by this sec-tion— 
(1) may be construed to create or increase any 
liability, including for loss of use, for a manu-facturer as a result of having manufactured or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7474 November 3, 2015 
imported a motor vehicle subject to a notifica-
tion of defect or noncompliance under sub-section (b) or (c) of section 30118 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(2) shall supersede or otherwise affect the con-
tractual obligations, if any, between such a manufacturer and a rental company (as defined in section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code). 
(j) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary may promul-
gate rules, as appropriate, to implement this sec-tion and the amendments made by this section. 
(k) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 34210. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES FOR 
VIOLATIONS OF MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY. 
(a) I NCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES .—Section 
30165(a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$21,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$105,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$21,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$105,000,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) of this section take effect on the date that the Secretary certifies to Congress that the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration has issued the final rule required by section 31203(b) of the Moving Ahead for Progress In the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 758; 49 U.S.C. 30165 note). 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF EFFECTIVE DATE.—The 
Secretary shall publish notice of the effective date under subsection (b) of this section in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 34211. ELECTRONIC ODOMETER DISCLO-
SURES. 
Section 32705(g) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Not later than’’ 
and indenting appropriately; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and sub-
ject to paragraph (3), a State, without approval from the Secretary under subsection (d), may allow for written disclosures or notices and re-lated matters to be provided electronically if— 
‘‘(A) in compliance with— ‘‘(i) the requirements of subchapter 1 of chap-
ter 96 of title 15; or 
‘‘(ii) the requirements of a State law under 
section 7002(a) of title 15; and 
‘‘(B) the disclosures or notices otherwise meet 
the requirements under this section, including appropriate authentication and security meas-ures. 
‘‘(3) Paragraph (2) ceases to be effective on 
the date the regulations under paragraph (1) be-come effective.’’. 
SEC. 34212. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
NHTSA REPORTS. 
Section 30166(o) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue a final rule under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 34213. DIRECT VEHICLE NOTIFICATION OF 
RECALLS. 
(a) R ECALL NOTIFICATION REPORT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a report on the feasibility of a technical system that would op-erate in each new motor vehicle to indicate when the vehicle is subject to an open recall. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF OPENRECALL .—In this sec-
tion the term ‘‘open recall’’ means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has 
been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been rem-edied under section 30120 of that title. 
SEC. 34214. UNATTENDED CHILDREN WARNING. 
Section 31504(a) of the Moving Ahead for 
Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 34215. TIRE PRESSURE MONITORING SYS-
TEM. 
(a) P ROPOSED RULE.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall publish a proposed rule that up-dates the standards pertaining to tire pressure monitoring systems to ensure that a tire pressure monitoring system that is installed in a new motor vehicle after the effective date of the re-vised standards cannot, to a level other than a safe pressure level, be— 
(1) overridden; (2) reset; or (3) recalibrated. (b) S
AFEPRESSURE LEVEL.—For the purposes 
of subsection (a), the term ‘‘safe pressure level’’ shall mean a pressure level consistent with the TPMS detection requirements contained in S4.2(a) of section 571.138 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling. 
(c) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, after pro-viding the public with sufficient opportunity for notice and comment on the proposed rule pub-lished under subsection (a), the Secretary shall issue a final rule on the subject described in subsection (a). 
Subtitle C—Research and Development and 
Vehicle Electronics 
SEC. 34301. REPORT ON OPERATIONS OF THE 
COUNCIL FOR VEHICLE ELEC-TRONICS, VEHICLE SOFTWARE, AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report regarding the operations of the Council for Vehicle Electronics, Vehicle Software, and Emerging Technologies estab-lished under section 31401 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 105 note). The report shall include information about the accomplishments of the Council, the role of the Council in integrating and aggre-gating electronic and emerging technologies ex-pertise across the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the role of the Council in coordinating with other Federal agencies, and the priorities of the Council over the next 5 years. 
SEC. 34302. COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN GOV-
ERNMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 30182(b) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) in coordination with Department of 
State, enter into cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agree-ments with foreign governments.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 403 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘for-
eign government (in coordination with the De-partment of State)’’ after ‘‘institution,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘for-
eign governments,’’ after ‘‘local governments,’’. 
(c) A
UDIT.—The Department of Transpor-
tation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the Secretary of Transportation’s manage-ment and oversight of cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development 
agreements, including any cooperative agree-ments between the Secretary of Transportation and foreign governments under section 30182(b)(6) of title 49, United States Code, and subsections (b)(2)(C) and (c)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Provisions 
PART I—DRIVER PRIVACY ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34401. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Driver Privacy 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34402. LIMITATIONS ON DATA RETRIEVAL 
FROM VEHICLE EVENT DATA RE-CORDERS. 
(a) O WNERSHIP OF DATA.—Any data retained 
by an event data recorder (as defined in section 563.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations), regardless of when the motor vehicle in which it is installed was manufactured, is the property of the owner, or, in the case of a leased vehicle, the lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data recorder is installed. 
(b) P
RIVACY .—Data recorded or transmitted by 
an event data recorder described in subsection (a) may not be accessed by a person other than an owner or a lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data recorder is installed un-less— 
(1) a court or other judicial or administrative 
authority having jurisdiction— 
(A) authorizes the retrieval of the data; and (B) to the extent that there is retrieved data, 
the data is subject to the standards for admis-sion into evidence required by that court or other administrative authority; 
(2) an owner or a lessee of the motor vehicle 
provides written, electronic, or recorded audio consent to the retrieval of the data for any pur-pose, including the purpose of diagnosing, serv-icing, or repairing the motor vehicle, or by agreeing to a subscription that describes how data will be retrieved and used; 
(3) the data is retrieved pursuant to an inves-
tigation or inspection authorized under section 1131(a) or 30166 of title 49, United States Code, and the personally identifiable information of an owner or a lessee of the vehicle and the vehi-cle identification number is not disclosed in con-nection with the retrieved data, except that the vehicle identification number may be disclosed to the certifying manufacturer; 
(4) the data is retrieved for the purpose of de-
termining the need for, or facilitating, emer-gency medical response in response to a motor vehicle crash; or 
(5) the data is retrieved for traffic safety re-
search, and the personally identifiable informa-tion of an owner or a lessee of the vehicle and the vehicle identification number is not dis-closed in connection with the retrieved data. 
SEC. 34403. VEHICLE EVENT DATA RECORDER 
STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of a study conducted by the Administrator to determine the amount of time event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehicles should capture and record for re-trieval vehicle-related data in conjunction with an event in order to provide sufficient informa-tion to investigate the cause of motor vehicle crashes. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 2 years after 
submitting the report required under subsection (a), the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall promulgate regulations to establish the appropriate period during which event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehicles may capture and record for retrieval vehicle-related data to the time necessary to provide accident investigators with vehicle-related information pertinent to crashes involving such motor vehicles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7475 November 3, 2015 
PART II—SAFETY THROUGH INFORMED 
CONSUMERS ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34421. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Safety 
Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34422. PASSENGER MOTOR VEHICLE INFOR-
MATION. 
Section 32302 is amended by inserting after 
subsection (b) the following: 
‘‘(c) C RASH AVOIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Safety Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015, the Secretary shall promulgate a rule to ensure that crash avoidance information is indicated next to crashworthiness information on stickers placed on motor vehicles by their manufacturers.’’. 
PART III—TIRE EFFICIENCY, SAFETY, AND 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34431. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Tire Efficiency, 
Safety, and Registration Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘TESR Act’’. 
SEC. 34432. TIRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM 
PERFORMANCE STANDARDS. 
Section 32304A is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ AND 
STANDARDS ’’ after ‘‘ CONSUMER TIRE IN-
FORMATION ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R
ULE-
MAKING ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSUMER TIREINFOR -
MATION ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(referred 
to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (b) through 
(e) as subsections (e) though (h), respectively; and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREFUELEFFICIENCY MINIMUM PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, after con-
sultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall promulgate regulations for tire fuel efficiency minimum performance standards for— 
‘‘(A) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability equal to or less than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour; and 
‘‘(B) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM PER -
FORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TANDARD BASIS AND TEST PROCE -
DURES .—The minimum performance standards 
promulgated under paragraph (1) shall be ex-pressed in terms of the rolling resistance coeffi-cient measured using the test procedure speci-fied in section 575.106 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act). 
‘‘(B) N
O DISPARATE EFFECT ON HIGH PERFORM -
ANCE TIRES .—The Secretary shall ensure that 
the minimum performance standards promul-gated under paragraph (1) will not have a dis-proportionate effect on passenger car high per-formance tires with a maximum speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies to 
new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does not 
apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, win-ter-type snow tires, space-saver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diame-ters of 12 inches or less. 
‘‘(c) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREWETTRACTION MINIMUM PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate regulations for tire wet traction min-imum performance standards to ensure that pas-
senger tire wet traction capability is not reduced to achieve improved tire fuel efficiency. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE WET TRACTION MINIMUM PERFORM -
ANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) B ASIS OF STANDARD .—The minimum per-
formance standards promulgated under para-graph (1) shall be expressed in terms of peak co-efficient of friction. 
‘‘(B) T
EST PROCEDURES .—Any test procedure 
promulgated under this subsection shall be con-sistent with any test procedure promulgated under subsection (a). 
‘‘(C) B
ENCHMARKING .—The Secretary shall 
conduct testing to benchmark the wet traction performance of tire models available for sale in the United States as of the date of enactment of this Act to ensure that the minimum perform-ance standards promulgated under paragraph (1) are tailored to— 
‘‘(i) tires sold in the United States; and ‘‘(ii) the needs of consumers in the United 
States. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies to 
new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does not 
apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, win-ter-type snow tires, space-saver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diame-ters of 12 inches or less. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION AMONG REGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPATIBILITY .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the test procedures and requirements promulgated under subsections (a), (b), and (c) are compatible and consistent. 
‘‘(2) C
OMBINED EFFECT OF RULES .—The Sec-
retary shall evaluate the regulations promul-gated under subsections (b) and (c) to ensure that compliance with the minimum performance standards promulgated under subsection (b) will not diminish wet traction performance of af-fected tires. 
‘‘(3) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—The Secretary 
shall promulgate— 
‘‘(A) the regulations under subsections (b) and 
(c) not later than 24 months after the date of en-actment of this Act; and 
‘‘(B) the regulations under subsection (c) not 
later than the date of promulgation of the regu-lations under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 34433. TIRE REGISTRATION BY INDE-
PENDENT SELLERS. 
Section 30117(b) is amended by striking para-
graph (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) R ULEMAKING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ini-
tiate a rulemaking to require a distributor or dealer of tires that is not owned or controlled by a manufacturer of tires to maintain records of— 
‘‘(i) the name and address of tire purchasers 
and lessors and information identifying the tire that was purchased or leased; and 
‘‘(ii) any additional records the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC TRANSMISSION .—The rule-
making carried out under subparagraph (A) shall require a distributor or dealer of tires that is not owned or controlled by a manufacturer of tires to electronically transmit the records de-scribed in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) to the manufacturer of the tires or the des-ignee of the manufacturer by secure means at no cost to tire purchasers or lessors. 
‘‘(C) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS .—A reg-
ulation promulgated under subparagraph (A) may be considered to satisfy the requirements of paragraph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 34434. TIRE RECALL DATABASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a publicly available and searchable elec-tronic database of tire recall information that is reported to the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. 
(b) T
IREIDENTIFICATION NUMBER .—The data-
base established under subsection (a) shall be searchable by Tire Identification Number (TIN) and any other criteria that assists consumers in 
determining whether a tire is subject to a recall. 
TITLE XXXV—RAILROAD REFORM, 
ENHANCEMENT, AND EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 35001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Railroad Re-
form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act’’. 
SEC. 35002. PASSENGER TRANSPORTATION; DEFI-
NITIONS. 
Section 24102 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (6) through (10), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) ‘long-distance route’ means a route de-
scribed in paragraph (6)(C).’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (6)(A), as redesig-
nated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) the Northeast Corridor main line between 
Boston, Massachusetts and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the facilities and services used to operate and main-tain that line;’’; 
(4) in paragraph (7), as redesignated, by strik-
ing the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, except that the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ for the pur-poses of chapter 243 means the main line be-tween Boston, Massachusetts and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the facilities and services used to operate 
and maintain that line.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) ‘state-of-good-repair’ means a condition 
in which physical assets, both individually and as a system, are— 
‘‘(A) performing at a level at least equal to 
that called for in their as-built or as-modified design specification during any period when the life cycle cost of maintaining the assets is lower than the cost of replacing them; and 
‘‘(B) sustained through regular maintenance 
and replacement programs. 
‘‘(12) ‘State-supported route’ means a route 
described in paragraph (6)(B) or paragraph (6)(D), or in section 24702(a).’’. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 35101. AUTHORIZATION OF GRANTS TO AM-
TRAK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Am-trak for deposit into the accounts established under section 24319(a) of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $1,450,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $1,550,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $1,700,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $1,900,000,000. (b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to one half of 1 per-cent of the amount appropriated under sub-section (a) for the costs of management over-sight of Amtrak. 
(c) C
OMPETITION .—In administering grants to 
Amtrak under section 24318 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary may withhold, from amounts that would otherwise be made avail-able to Amtrak, such sums as are necessary from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section to cover the operating subsidy de-scribed in section 24711(b)(1)(E)(ii) of title 49, United States Code. 
(d) S
TATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COMMITTEE .— 
The Secretary may withhold up to $2,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (a) of this section for the use of the State-Supported Route Committee es-tablished under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code. 
(e) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to $5,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (a) of this section for the use of the Northeast Corridor Commission estab-lished under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35102. NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SAFETY INVESTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary for grants under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7476 November 3, 2015 
chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, the 
following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $350,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $430,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $600,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $900,000,000. (b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR NATIONAL TRANSPOR-TATION SAFETY BOARD RAIL INVES-TIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, there are authorized to be ap-propriated to the National Transportation Safe-ty Board to carry out railroad accident inves-tigations under section 1131(a)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $6,300,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $6,400,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $6,500,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $6,600,000. (b) I
NVESTIGATION PERSONNEL .—Amounts ap-
propriated under subsection (a) of this section shall be available to the National Transpor-tation Safety Board for personnel, in regional offices and in Washington, DC, whose duties in-volve railroad accident investigations. 
SEC. 35104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR AMTRAK OFFICE OF IN-SPECTOR GENERAL. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the 
Office of Inspector General of Amtrak the fol-lowing amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $20,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $20,500,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $21,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $21,500,000. 
SEC. 35105. NATIONAL COOPERATIVE RAIL RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24910 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in paragraph (13), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) to improve the overall safety of intercity 
passenger and freight rail operations.’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(e) A
LLOCATION .—At least $5,000,000 of the 
amounts appropriated to the Secretary for a fis-cal year to carry out railroad research and de-velopment programs shall be available to carry out this section.’’. 
Subtitle B—Amtrak Reform 
SEC. 35201. AMTRAK GRANT PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS AND PROCEDURES .—Chap-
ter 243 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 24317. Costs and revenues 
‘‘(a) A
LLOCATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall establish and maintain internal controls to ensure Amtrak’s costs, revenues, and other com-pensation are appropriately and proportionally allocated to its Northeast Corridor train services or infrastructure, its State-supported routes, its long-distance routes, and its other national net-work activities. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to limit the ability of Amtrak to enter into an agreement with 1 or more States to allocate operating and capital costs under section 209 of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘§ 24318. Grant process 
‘‘(a) P
ROCEDURES FOR GRANT REQUESTS .—Not 
later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act, the Secretary of Transportation 
shall establish and transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives substantive and procedural requirements, including schedules, for grant requests under this section. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT REQUESTS .—Amtrak shall transmit 
grant requests for Federal funds appropriated to the Secretary of Transportation for the use of Amtrak to— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation, the Committee on Appropria-tions, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—A grant request under sub-
section (b) shall— 
‘‘(1) describe projected operating and capital 
costs for the upcoming fiscal year for Northeast Corridor train services and infrastructure, Am-trak’s State-supported routes, and Amtrak’s long-distance routes, and Amtrak’s other na-tional network activities, as applicable, in com-parison to prior fiscal year actual financial per-formance; 
‘‘(2) describe the capital projects to be funded, 
with cost estimates and an estimated timetable for completion of the projects covered by the re-quest; 
‘‘(3) assess Amtrak’s financial condition; ‘‘(4) be displayed on Amtrak’s Web site within 
a reasonable timeframe following its trans-mission under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(5) describe how the funding requested in a 
grant will be allocated to the accounts estab-lished under section 24319(a), considering the projected operating losses or capital costs for services and activities associated with such ac-counts over the time period intended to be cov-ered by the grants. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) T HIRTY -DAY APPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date that Amtrak submits a grant re-quest under this section, the Secretary of Trans-portation shall complete a review of the request and provide notice to Amtrak that— 
‘‘(i) the request is approved; or ‘‘(ii) the request is disapproved, including the 
reason for the disapproval and an explanation of any incomplete or deficient items. 
‘‘(B) G
RANT AGREEMENT .—If a grant request is 
approved, the Secretary shall enter into a grant agreement with Amtrak that allocates the grant funding to 1 of the 4 accounts established under section 24319(a). 
‘‘(2) F
IFTEEN -DAY MODIFICATION PERIOD .—Not 
later than 15 days after the date of the notice under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), Amtrak shall submit a modified request for the Secretary’s review. 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFIED REQUESTS .—Not later than 15 
days after the date that Amtrak submits a modi-fied request under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall either approve the modified request, or, if the Secretary finds that the request is still in-complete or deficient, the Secretary shall iden-tify in writing to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives the remaining deficiencies and recommend a process for resolving the outstanding portions of the re-quest. 
‘‘(e) P
AYMENTS TO AMTRAK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant agreement entered 
into under subsection (d) shall specify the oper-ations, services, and other activities to be fund-ed by the grant. The grant agreement shall in-clude provisions, consistent with the require-ments of this chapter, to measure Amtrak’s per-
formance and ensure accountability in deliv-ering the operations, services, or activities to be funded by the grant. 
‘‘(2) S
CHEDULE .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), in each fiscal year for which amounts are appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak, and for which the Secretary and Am-trak have entered into a grant agreement under subsection (d), the Secretary shall disburse grant funds to Amtrak on the following sched-ule: 
‘‘(A) 50 percent on October 1. ‘‘(B) 25 percent on January 1. ‘‘(C) 25 percent on April 1. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may make a 
payment to Amtrak of appropriated funds— 
‘‘(A) more frequently than the schedule under 
paragraph (2) if Amtrak, for good cause, re-quests more frequent payment before the end of a payment period; or 
‘‘(B) with a different frequency or in different 
percentage allocations in the event of a con-tinuing resolution or in the absence of an ap-propriations Act for the duration of a fiscal year. 
‘‘(f) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS AND EARLY 
APPROPRIATIONS .—Amounts appropriated to the 
Secretary for the use of Amtrak shall remain available until expended. Amounts for capital acquisitions and improvements may be appro-priated for a fiscal year before the fiscal year in which the amounts will be obligated. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON USE.—Amounts appro-
priated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak may not be used to cross-subsidize operating losses or capital costs of commuter rail pas-senger or freight rail transportation. 
‘‘§ 24319. Accounts 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNTS .—Begin-
ning not later than October 1, 2016, Amtrak, in consultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, shall define and establish— 
‘‘(1) a Northeast Corridor investment account, 
including subaccounts for Amtrak train services and infrastructure; 
‘‘(2) a State-supported account; ‘‘(3) a long-distance account; and ‘‘(4) an other national network activities ac-
count. 
‘‘(b) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR INVESTMENT AC-
COUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in the 
Northeast Corridor investment account estab-lished under subsection (a)(1)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act ap-propriating funds for the use of Amtrak, as specified in a grant agreement entered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from com-
muter rail passenger transportation providers for such providers’ share of capital costs on the Northeast Corridor provided to Amtrak under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus of the Northeast 
Corridor train services or infrastructure, as allo-cated under section 24317; and 
‘‘(D) any other net revenue received in asso-
ciation with the Northeast Corridor, including freight access fees, electric propulsion, and com-mercial development. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR INVESTMENT  
ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in subsection (f), 
amounts deposited in the Northeast Corridor in-vestment account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for its share of— 
‘‘(A) capital projects described in section 
24904(a)(2)(E)(i), and developed under the plan-ning process established under that section, to bring Northeast Corridor infrastructure to a state-of-good-repair; 
‘‘(B) capital projects described in clauses (ii) 
and (iv) of section 24904(a)(2)(E) that are devel-oped under the planning process established 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7477 November 3, 2015 
under that section intended to increase corridor 
capacity, improve service reliability, and reduce travel time on the Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(C) capital projects to improve safety and se-
curity; 
‘‘(D) capital projects to improve customer serv-
ice and amenities; 
‘‘(E) acquiring, rehabilitating, manufacturing, 
remanufacturing, overhauling, or improving equipment and associated facilities used for intercity rail passenger transportation by North-east Corridor train services; 
‘‘(F) retirement of principal and payment of 
interest on loans for capital projects described in this paragraph or for capital leases for equip-ment and related to the Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(G) participation in public-private partner-
ships, joint ventures, and other mechanisms or arrangements that result in the completion of capital projects described in this paragraph; and 
‘‘(H) indirect, common, corporate, or other 
costs directly incurred by or allocated to the Northeast Corridor. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE-SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in the 
State-supported account established under sub-section (a)(2)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act ap-propriating funds for the use of Amtrak, as specified in a grant agreement entered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from States 
provided to Amtrak under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 24101 note); and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its State-sup-
ported routes, as allocated under section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF STATE -SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .—Ex-
cept as provided in subsection (f), amounts de-posited in the State-supported account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for capital expenses and operating costs, including indirect, common, corporate, or other costs directly in-curred by or allocated to State-supported routes, of its State-supported routes and retirement of principal and payment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to its State-supported routes. 
‘‘(d) L
ONG-DISTANCE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in the 
long-distance account established under sub-section (a)(3)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act ap-propriating funds for the use of Amtrak, as specified in a grant agreement entered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from States 
provided to Amtrak for costs associated with its long-distance routes; and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its long-dis-
tance routes, as allocated under section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF LONG -DISTANCE ACCOUNT .—Except 
as provided in subsection (f), amounts deposited in the long-distance account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for capital ex-penses and operating costs, including indirect, common, corporate, or other costs directly in-curred by or allocated to long-distance routes, of its long-distance routes and retirement of prin-cipal and payment of interest on loans or cap-ital leases attributable to the long-distance routes. 
‘‘(e) O
THER NATIONAL NETWORK ACTIVITIES  
ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in the 
other national network activities account estab-lished under subsection (a)(4)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act ap-propriating funds for the use of Amtrak, as specified in a grant agreement entered into 
under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from States 
provided to Amtrak for costs associated with its other national network activities; and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its other na-
tional network activities. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF OTHER NATIONAL NETWORK ACTIVI -
TIES ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in sub-
section (f), amounts deposited into the other na-tional network activities account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for capital and operating costs not allocated to the Northeast Corridor investment account, State-supported account, or long-distance account, and retire-ment of principal and payment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to other na-tional network activities. 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—Amtrak may transfer any 
funds appropriated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subse-quent Act appropriating funds for the use of Amtrak for deposit into the accounts described in that section, or any surplus generated by op-erations, between the Northeast Corridor, State- supported, long-distance, and other national network activities accounts— 
‘‘(A) upon the expiration of 10 days after the 
date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors, including the Secretary, of the planned transfer; and 
‘‘(B) with the approval of the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 days after the 
date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under para-graph (1), Amtrak shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the transfer; and ‘‘(B) a detailed explanation of the reason for 
the transfer, including— 
‘‘(i) the effects on Amtrak services funded by 
the account from which the transfer is drawn, in comparison to a scenario in which no transfer was made; and 
‘‘(ii) the effects on Amtrak services funded by 
the account receiving the transfer, in compari-son to a scenario in which no transfer was made. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE-SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .—Not later 
than 5 days after the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1) of funds to or from the State-supported account, Amtrak shall transmit to each State that sponsors a State- supported route a letter that includes the infor-mation described under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ACCOUNT .—Not 
later than 5 days after the date that Amtrak no-tifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1) of funds to or from the Northeast Corridor account, Am-trak shall transmit to the Northeast Corridor Commission a letter that includes the informa-tion described under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(g) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall en-
force the provisions of each grant agreement under section 24318(d), including any deposit into an account under this section. 
‘‘(h) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary may issue 
a letter of intent to Amtrak announcing an in-tention to obligate, for a major capital project described in clauses (ii) and (iv) of section 24904(a)(2)(E), an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the finan-cial participation of the Secretary in the project. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—At least 30 days 
before issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify in writing the Committee 
on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives of the pro-posed letter. The Secretary shall include with the notice a copy of the proposed letter, the cri-teria used for selecting the project for a grant award, and a description of how the project meets the criteria under this section. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTINGENT NATURE OF OBLIGATION OR  
COMMITMENT .—An obligation or administrative 
commitment may be made only when amounts are appropriated. The letter of intent shall state that the contingent commitment is not an obli-gation of the Federal Government, and is sub-ject to the availability of appropriations under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or en-acted after the date of the contingent commit-ment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24317. Costs and revenues. 
‘‘24318. Grant process. ‘‘24319. Accounts.’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT OF GRANT PROCESS .—Sec-
tion 206 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 24104 and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of chapter 241 are re-pealed. 
SEC. 35202. 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE AND ASSETS 
PLANS. 
(a) A MTRAK 5-YEARBUSINESS LINE AND ASSET 
PLANS.—Chapter 243, as amended by section 
35201 of this Act, is further amended by insert-ing after section 24319 the following: 
‘‘§ 24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and 
asset plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) F INAL PLANS .—Not later than February 
15 of each year, Amtrak shall submit to Con-gress and the Secretary final 5-year business line plans and 5-year asset plans prepared in accordance with this section. These final plans shall form the basis for Amtrak’s general and legislative annual report to the President and Congress required by section 24315(b). 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—Each plan prepared 
under this section shall be based on funding lev-els authorized or otherwise available to Amtrak in a fiscal year. In the absence of an authoriza-tion or appropriation of funds for a fiscal year, the plans shall be based on the amount of fund-ing available in the previous fiscal year, plus in-flation. Amtrak may include an appendix to the asset plan required in subsection (c) that de-scribes any capital funding requirements in ex-cess of amounts authorized or otherwise avail-able to Amtrak in a fiscal year for capital in-vestment. 
‘‘(b) A
MTRAK 5-YEARBUSINESS LINEPLANS.— 
‘‘(1) A MTRAK BUSINESS LINES .—Amtrak shall 
prepare a 5-year business line plan for each of the following business lines and services: 
‘‘(A) Northeast Corridor train services. ‘‘(B) State-supported routes operated by Am-
trak. 
‘‘(C) Long-distance routes operated by Am-
trak. 
‘‘(D) Ancillary services operated by Amtrak, 
including commuter operations and other rev-enue generating activities as determined by the Secretary in consultation with Amtrak. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5 -YEAR BUSINESS LINE  
PLANS .—The 5-year business line plan for each 
business line shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a statement of Amtrak’s vision, goals, 
and service plan for the business line, coordi-nated with any entities that are contributing capital or operating funding to support pas-senger rail services within those business lines, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7478 November 3, 2015 
and aligned with Amtrak’s Strategic Plan and 
5-year asset plans under subsection (c); 
‘‘(B) all projected revenues and expenditures 
for the business line, including identification of revenues and expenditures incurred by— 
‘‘(i) passenger operations; ‘‘(ii) non-passenger operations that are di-
rectly related to the business line; and 
‘‘(iii) governmental funding sources, including 
revenues and other funding received from States; 
‘‘(C) projected ridership levels for all pas-
senger operations; 
‘‘(D) estimates of long-term and short-term 
debt and associated principal and interest pay-ments (both current and forecasts); 
‘‘(E) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets; 
‘‘(F) annual cash flow forecasts; ‘‘(G) a statement describing the methodologies 
and significant assumptions underlying esti-mates and forecasts; 
‘‘(H) specific performance measures that dem-
onstrate year over year changes in the results of Amtrak’s operations; 
‘‘(I) financial performance for each route 
within each business line, including descriptions of the cash operating loss or contribution and labor productivity for each route; 
‘‘(J) specific costs and savings estimates re-
sulting from reform initiatives; 
‘‘(K) prior fiscal year and projected equipment 
reliability statistics; and 
‘‘(L) an identification and explanation of any 
major adjustments made from previously-ap-proved plans. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR BUSINESS LINE PLANS PROCESS .—In 
meeting the requirements of this section, Amtrak shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate the development of the busi-
ness line plans with the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) for the Northeast Corridor business line 
plan, coordinate with the Northeast Corridor Commission and transmit to the Commission the final plan under subsection (a)(1), and consult with other entities, as appropriate; 
‘‘(C) for the State-supported route business 
line plan, coordinate with the State-Supported Route Committee established under section 24712; 
‘‘(D) for the long-distance route business line 
plan, coordinate with any States or Interstate Compacts that provide funding for such routes, as appropriate; 
‘‘(E) ensure that Amtrak’s annual budget re-
quest to Congress is consistent with the informa-tion in the 5-year business line plans; and 
‘‘(F) identify the appropriate Amtrak officials 
that are responsible for each business line. 
‘‘(4) S
TANDARDS TO PROMOTE FINANCIAL STA -
BILITY .—In meeting the requirements under this 
subsection, Amtrak shall use the categories spec-ified in the financial accounting and reporting system developed under section 203 of the Pas-senger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) when preparing its 5- year business line plans. 
‘‘(c) A
MTRAK 5-YEARASSETPLANS.— 
‘‘(1) A SSET CATEGORIES .—Amtrak shall pre-
pare a 5-year asset plan for each of the fol-lowing asset categories: 
‘‘(A) Infrastructure, including all Amtrak- 
controlled Northeast Corridor assets and other Amtrak-owned infrastructure, and the associ-ated facilities that support the operation, main-tenance, and improvement of those assets. 
‘‘(B) Passenger rail equipment, including all 
Amtrak-controlled rolling stock, locomotives, and mechanical shop facilities that are used to overhaul equipment. 
‘‘(C) Stations, including all Amtrak-controlled 
passenger rail stations and elements of other stations for which Amtrak has legal responsi-bility or intends to make capital investments. 
‘‘(D) National assets, including national res-
ervations, security, training and training cen-ters, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national passenger rail transportation system. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5 -YEAR ASSET PLANS .—Each 
asset plan shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a summary of Amtrak’s 5-year strategic 
plan for each asset category, including goals, objectives, any relevant performance metrics, and statutory or regulatory actions affecting the assets; 
‘‘(B) an inventory of existing Amtrak capital 
assets, to the extent practicable, including infor-mation regarding shared use or ownership, if applicable; 
‘‘(C) a prioritized list of proposed capital in-
vestments that— 
‘‘(i) categorizes each capital project as being 
primarily associated with— 
‘‘(I) normalized capital replacement; ‘‘(II) backlog capital replacement; 
‘‘(III) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; 
‘‘(IV) strategic initiatives that will improve 
overall operational performance, lower costs, or otherwise improve Amtrak’s corporate effi-ciency; or 
‘‘(V) statutory, regulatory, or other legal man-
dates; 
‘‘(ii) identifies each project or program that is 
associated with more than 1 category described in clause (i); and 
‘‘(iii) describes the anticipated business out-
come of each project or program identified under this subparagraph, including an assessment of— 
‘‘(I) the potential effect on passenger oper-
ations, safety, reliability, and resilience; 
‘‘(II) the potential effect on Amtrak’s ability 
to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
‘‘(III) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(D) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets for each asset cat-egory. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR ASSET PLAN PROCESS .—In meeting 
the requirements of this subsection, Amtrak shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate with each business line de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1) in the preparation of each 5-year asset plan and ensure integration of each 5-year asset plan with the 5-year business line plans; 
‘‘(B) as applicable, coordinate with the North-
east Corridor Commission, the State-Supported Route Committee, and owners of assets affected by 5-year asset plans; and 
‘‘(C) identify the appropriate Amtrak officials 
that are responsible for each asset category. 
‘‘(4) E
VALUATION OF NATIONAL ASSETS  
COSTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the costs and scope of all na-
tional assets; and 
‘‘(B) determine the activities and costs that 
are— 
‘‘(i) required in order to ensure the efficient 
operations of a national passenger rail system; 
‘‘(ii) appropriate for allocation to 1 of the 
other Amtrak business lines; and 
‘‘(iii) extraneous to providing an efficient na-
tional passenger rail system or are too costly rel-ative to the benefits or performance outcomes they provide. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF NATIONAL ASSETS .—In this 
section, the term ‘national assets’ means the Na-tion’s core rail assets shared among Amtrak services, including national reservations, secu-rity, training and training centers, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national pas-senger rail transportation system. 
‘‘(6) R
ESTRUCTURING OF NATIONAL ASSETS .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of comple-tion of the evaluation under paragraph (4), the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration, in consultation with the Amtrak Board of Directors, the governors of each relevant State, and the Mayor of the District of Colum-bia, or their designees, shall restructure or re-allocate, or both, the national assets costs in ac-cordance with the determination under that sec-tion, including making appropriate updates to Amtrak’s cost accounting methodology and sys-tem.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The requirements for 
Amtrak to submit final 5-year business line plans and 5-year asset plans under section 24320 of title 49, United States Code, shall take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243, as amended by section 35201 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and asset 
plans.’’. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF 5-YEARFINANCIAL PLAN.—Sec-
tion 204 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act, are repealed. 
(e) I
DENTIFICATION OF DUPLICATIVE REPORT -
INGREQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) review existing Amtrak reporting require-
ments and identify where the existing require-ments are duplicative with the business line and capital plans required by section 24320 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) if the duplicative reporting requirements 
are administrative, the Secretary shall eliminate the duplicative requirements; and 
(3) submit to Congress a report with any rec-
ommendations for repealing any other duplica-tive Amtrak reporting requirements. 
SEC. 35203. STATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 247 is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24712. State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak 
‘‘(a) S TATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish the State-Supported Route Committee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’) to promote mu-tual cooperation and planning pertaining to the rail operations of Amtrak and related activities of trains operated by Amtrak on State-supported routes and to further implement section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall con-
sist of— 
‘‘(i) members representing Amtrak; ‘‘(ii) members representing the Department of 
Transportation, including the Federal Railroad Administration; and 
‘‘(iii) members representing States. ‘‘(B) N
ON-VOTING MEMBERS .—The Committee 
may invite and accept other non-voting members to participate in Committee activities, as appro-priate. 
‘‘(3) D
ECISIONMAKING .—The Committee shall 
establish a bloc voting system under which, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) there are 3 separate voting blocs to rep-
resent the Committee’s voting members, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) 1 voting bloc to represent the members de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(i); 
‘‘(ii) 1 voting bloc to represent the members de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(ii); and 
‘‘(iii) 1 voting bloc to represent the members 
described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii); 
‘‘(B) each voting bloc has 1 vote; ‘‘(C) the vote of the voting bloc representing 
the members described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) requires the support of at least two-thirds of that voting bloc’s members; and 
‘‘(D) the Committee makes decisions by unani-
mous consent of the 3 voting blocs. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS ; RULES AND PROCEDURES .—The 
Committee shall convene a meeting and shall de-fine and implement the rules and procedures governing the Committee’s proceedings not later than 180 days after the date of establishment of the Committee by the Secretary. The rules and procedures shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7479 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(A) incorporate and further describe the de-
cisionmaking procedures to be used in accord-ance with paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(B) be adopted in accordance with such deci-
sionmaking procedures. 
‘‘(5) C
OMMITTEE DECISIONS .—Decisions made 
by the Committee in accordance with the Com-mittee’s rules and procedures, once established, are binding on all Committee members. 
‘‘(6) C
OST ALLOCATION METHODOLOGY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Committee may amend the cost alloca-tion methodology required and previously ap-proved under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES FOR CHANGING METHOD -
OLOGY .—The rules and procedures implemented 
under paragraph (4) shall include procedures for changing the cost allocation methodology. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cost allocation 
methodology shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure equal treatment in the provision of 
like services of all States and groups of States; and 
‘‘(ii) allocate to each route the costs incurred 
only for the benefit of that route and a propor-tionate share, based upon factors that reason-ably reflect relative use, of costs incurred for the common benefit of more than 1 route. 
‘‘(b) I
NVOICES AND REPORTS .—Not later than 
February 15, 2016, and monthly thereafter, Am-trak shall provide to each State that sponsors a State-supported route a monthly invoice of the cost of operating such route, including fixed costs and third-party costs. The Committee shall determine the frequency and contents of the fi-nancial and performance reports that Amtrak shall provide to the States, as well as the plan-ning and demand reports that the States shall provide to Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If a 
dispute arises with respect to the rules and pro-cedures implemented under subsection (a)(4), an invoice or a report provided under subsection (b), implementation or compliance with the cost allocation methodology developed under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) or amended under subsection (a)(6) of this section, either Amtrak or the State may request that the Surface Transportation Board conduct dispute resolution under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The Surface Transpor-
tation Board shall establish procedures for reso-lution of disputes brought before it under this subsection, which may include provision of pro-fessional mediation services. 
‘‘(3) B
INDING EFFECT .—A decision of the Sur-
face Transportation Board under this subsection shall be binding on the parties to the dispute. 
‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall affect the obligation of a State to pay an amount not in dispute. 
‘‘(d) A
SSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may provide 
assistance to the parties in the course of nego-tiations for a contract for operation of a State- supported route. 
‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—From among 
available funds, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide financial assistance to Amtrak or 
1 or more States to perform requested inde-pendent technical analysis of issues before the Committee; and 
‘‘(B) reimburse Members for travel expenses, 
including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in ac-cordance with section 5703 of title 5. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .—In negotiating 
a contract for operation of a State-supported route, Amtrak and the State or States that spon-sor the route shall consider including provisions that provide penalties and incentives for per-formance. 
‘‘(f) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND OBJECTIVES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall de-
velop a statement of goals, objectives, and asso-ciated recommendations concerning the future 
of State-supported routes operated by Amtrak. The statement shall identify the roles and re-sponsibilities of Committee members and any other relevant entities, such as host railroads, in meeting the identified goals and objectives, or carrying out the recommendations. The Com-mittee may consult with such relevant entities, as the Committee considers appropriate, when developing the statement. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS  
AND OBJECTIVES .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act the Committee shall transmit the statement developed under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The decisions 
of the Committee— 
‘‘(1) shall pertain to the rail operations of Am-
trak and related activities of trains operated by Amtrak on State-sponsored routes; and 
‘‘(2) shall not pertain to the rail operations or 
related activities of services operated by other rail passenger carriers on State-supported routes. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— 
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Committee. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF STATE.—In this section, 
the term ‘State’ means any of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, or a public entity that sponsor the operation of trains by Amtrak on a State-supported route.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of contents for chapter 247 is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24712. State-supported routes operated by Am-
trak.’’. 
SEC. 35204. ROUTE AND SERVICE PLANNING DECI-
SIONS. 
Section 208 of the Passenger Rail Investment 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 208. METHODOLOGIES FOR AMTRAK ROUTE 
AND SERVICE PLANNING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) M ETHODOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, as a condition of receiving a grant under section 101 of that Act, Amtrak shall obtain the services of an independent entity to develop and recommend objective methodologies for Amtrak to use in determining what intercity rail pas-senger transportation routes and services it should provide, including the establishment of new routes, the elimination of existing routes, and the contraction or expansion of services or frequencies over such routes. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Amtrak shall require 
the independent entity, in developing the meth-odologies described in subsection (a), to con-sider— 
‘‘(1) the current and expected performance 
and service quality of intercity rail passenger transportation operations, including cost recov-ery, on-time performance, ridership, on-board services, stations, facilities, equipment, and other services; 
‘‘(2) the connectivity of a route with other 
routes; 
‘‘(3) the transportation needs of communities 
and populations that are not well served by intercity rail passenger transportation service or by other forms of intercity transportation; 
‘‘(4) the methodologies of Amtrak and major 
intercity rail passenger transportation service providers in other countries for determining intercity passenger rail routes and services; 
‘‘(5) the financial and operational effects on 
the overall network, including the effects on in-direct costs; 
‘‘(6) the views of States and the recommenda-
tions described in State rail plans, rail carriers that own infrastructure over which Amtrak op-erates, Interstate Compacts established by Con-
gress and States, Amtrak employee representa-tives, stakeholder organizations, and other in-terested parties; and 
‘‘(7) the funding levels that will be available 
under authorization levels that have been en-acted into law. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Am-trak shall transmit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives recommendations developed by the independent entity under subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 90 days after the date the rec-ommendations are transmitted under subsection (c), Amtrak shall consider the adoption of each recommendation and transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives a report explaining the reasons for adopting or not adopting each recommenda-tion.’’. 
SEC. 35205. COMPETITION. 
(a) A LTERNATE PASSENGER RAIL SERVICE  
PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 24711 is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘§ 24711. Alternate passenger rail service pilot 
program 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate a rule to implement a pilot program for competi-tive selection of rail carriers for long-distance routes (as defined in section 24102). 
‘‘(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The pilot program shall— 
‘‘(A) allow a party described in paragraph (2) 
to petition the Secretary to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over a long-distance route in lieu of Amtrak for an operations period of 4 years from the date of commencement of service by the winning bidder and, at the option of the Secretary, consistent with the rule pro-mulgated under subsection (a), allow the con-tract to be renewed for an additional operations period of 4 years, but not to exceed a total of 3 operations periods; 
‘‘(B) require the Secretary to— ‘‘(i) notify the petitioner and Amtrak of re-
ceipt of the petition under subparagraph (A) and to publish in the Federal Register a notice of receipt not later than 30 days after the date of receipt; and 
‘‘(ii) establish a deadline, of not more than 120 
days after the notice of receipt is published in the Federal Register under clause (i), by which both the petitioner and Amtrak, if Amtrak chooses to do so, would be required to submit a complete bid to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over the applicable route; 
‘‘(C) require that each bid— ‘‘(i) describe the capital needs, financial pro-
jections, and operational plans, including staff-ing plans, for the service, and such other factors as the Secretary considers appropriate; and 
‘‘(ii) be made available by the winning bidder 
to the public after the bid award; 
‘‘(D) for a route that receives funding from a 
State or States, require that for each bid re-ceived from a party described in paragraph (2), other than a State, the Secretary have the con-currence of the State or States that provide funding for that route; 
‘‘(E) for a winning bidder that is not or does 
not include Amtrak, require the Secretary to execute a contract not later than 270 days after the deadline established under subparagraph (B)(ii) and award to the winning bidder— 
‘‘(i) subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the 
right and obligation to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over that route subject 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7480 November 3, 2015 
to such performance standards as the Secretary 
may require; and 
‘‘(ii) an operating subsidy, as determined by 
the Secretary, for— 
‘‘(I) the first year at a level that does not ex-
ceed 90 percent of the level in effect for that spe-cific route during the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in which the petition was received, adjusted for inflation; and 
‘‘(II) any subsequent years at the level cal-
culated under subclause (I), adjusted for infla-tion; and 
‘‘(F) for a winning bidder that is or includes 
Amtrak, award to that bidder an operating sub-sidy, as determined by the Secretary, over the applicable route that will not change during the fiscal year in which the bid was submitted solely as a result of the winning bid. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PETITIONERS .—The following 
parties are eligible to submit petitions under paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) A rail carrier or rail carriers that own 
the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route. 
‘‘(B) A rail passenger carrier with a written 
agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transpor-tation. 
‘‘(C) A State, group of States, or State-sup-
ported joint powers authority or other sub-State governance entity responsible for provision of intercity rail passenger transportation with a written agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(D) A State, group of States, or State-sup-
ported joint powers authority or other sub-State governance entity responsible for provision of intercity rail passenger transportation and a rail passenger carrier with a written agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—If the win-
ning bidder under paragraph (1)(E)(i) is not or does not include Amtrak, the performance standards shall be consistent with the perform-ance required of or achieved by Amtrak on the applicable route during the last fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) A
GREEMENT GOVERNING ACCESS ISSUES .— 
Unless the winning bidder already has applica-ble access agreements in place or includes a rail carrier that owns the infrastructure used in the operation of the route, the winning bidder under paragraph (1)(E)(i) shall enter into a written agreement governing access issues be-tween the winning bidder and the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which the winning bidder would operate and that host or would host the intercity rail pas-senger transportation. 
‘‘(c) A
CCESS TO FACILITIES ; EMPLOYEES .—If 
the Secretary awards the right and obligation to provide rail passenger transportation over a route under this section to an entity in lieu of Amtrak— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary shall require Amtrak to pro-
vide access to the Amtrak-owned reservation system, stations, and facilities directly related to operations of the awarded routes to the rail pas-senger carrier awarded a contract under this section, in accordance with subsection (g), as necessary to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion; 
‘‘(2) an employee of any person, except for a 
freight railroad or a person employed or con-tracted by a freight railroad, used by such rail passenger carrier in the operation of a route under this section shall be considered an em-ployee of that rail passenger carrier and subject to the applicable Federal laws and regulations governing similar crafts or classes of employees of Amtrak; and ‘‘(3) the winning bidder shall provide hiring 
preference to qualified Amtrak employees dis-placed by the award of the bid, consistent with the staffing plan submitted by the bidder, and shall be subject to the grant conditions under section 24405. 
‘‘(d) C
ESSATION OF SERVICE .—If a rail pas-
senger carrier awarded a route under this sec-tion ceases to operate the service or fails to ful-fill an obligation under the contract required under subsection (b)(1)(E), the Secretary shall take any necessary action consistent with this title to enforce the contract and ensure the con-tinued provision of service, including— 
‘‘(1) the installment of an interim rail pas-
senger carrier; 
‘‘(2) providing to the interim rail passenger 
carrier under paragraph (1) an operating sub-sidy necessary to provide service; and 
‘‘(3) rebidding the contract to operate the rail 
passenger transportation. 
‘‘(e) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide 
to a winning bidder that is not or does not in-clude Amtrak and that is selected under this section any appropriations withheld under sec-tion 35101(c) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent ap-propriation for the same purpose, necessary to cover the operating subsidy described in sub-section (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(2) A
MTRAK .—If the Secretary selects a win-
ning bidder that is not or does not include Am-trak, the Secretary may provide to Amtrak an appropriate portion of the appropriations under section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subse-quent appropriation for the same purpose, to cover any cost directly attributable to the termi-nation of Amtrak service on the route and any indirect costs to Amtrak imposed on other Am-trak routes as a result of losing service on the route operated by the winning bidder. Any amount provided by the Secretary to Amtrak under this paragraph shall not be deducted from or have any effect on the operating subsidy de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(f) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not pro-
mulgate the final rule and implement the pro-gram before the deadline under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a letter, signed by the Secretary and Ad-ministrator of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion, each month until the rule is complete, in-cluding— 
‘‘(1) the reasons why the rule has not been 
issued; 
‘‘(2) an updated staffing plan for completing 
the rule as soon as feasible; 
‘‘(3) the contact information of the official 
that will be overseeing the execution of the staffing plan; and 
‘‘(4) the estimated date of completion of the 
rule. 
‘‘(g) D
ISPUTES .—If Amtrak and the rail pas-
senger carrier awarded a route under this sec-tion cannot agree upon terms to carry out sub-section (c)(1), and the Surface Transportation Board finds that access to Amtrak’s facilities or equipment, or the provision of services by Am-trak, is necessary under subsection (c)(1) and that the operation of Amtrak’s other services will not be impaired thereby, the Surface Trans-portation Board shall issue an order that the fa-cilities and equipment be made available, and that services be provided, by Amtrak, and shall determine reasonable compensation, liability, and other terms for use of the facilities and equipment and provision of the services. 
‘‘(h) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 3 long-dis-
tance routes may be selected under this section for operation by a winning bidder that is not or does not include Amtrak. 
‘‘(i) P
RESERVATION OF RIGHT TO COMPETITION  
ONSTATE-SUPPORTED ROUTES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting a State 
from introducing competition for intercity rail passenger transportation or services on its State-supported route or routes.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of implementation of the pilot program under section 24711 of title 49, United States Code, and quadrennially thereafter until the pilot program is discontinued, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the results on the pilot program to date and any recommendations for further action. 
SEC. 35206. ROLLING STOCK PURCHASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Prior to entering into any 
contract in excess of $100,000,000 for rolling stock and locomotive procurements Amtrak shall submit a business case analysis to the Secretary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, on the utility of such procure-ments. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The business case analysis 
shall— 
(1) include a cost and benefit comparison that 
describes the total lifecycle costs and the antici-pated benefits related to revenue, operational ef-ficiency, reliability, and other factors; 
(2) set forth the total payments by fiscal year; (3) identify the specific source and amounts of 
funding for each payment, including Federal funds, State funds, Amtrak profits, Federal, State, or private loans or loan guarantees, and other funding; 
(4) include an explanation of whether any 
payment under the contract will increase Am-trak’s grant request, as required under section 24318 of title 49, United States Code, in that par-ticular fiscal year; and 
(5) describe how Amtrak will adjust the pro-
curement if future funding is not available. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as requiring Amtrak to disclose confidential information regarding a potential vendor’s proposed pricing or other sen-sitive business information prior to contract exe-cution. 
SEC. 35207. FOOD AND BEVERAGE POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 243, as amended in 
section 35202 of this Act, is further amended by adding after section 24320 the following: 
‘‘§ 24321. Food and beverage reform 
‘‘(a) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall develop and begin implementing a plan to elimi-nate, not later than 4 years after the date of en-actment of that Act, the operating loss associ-ated with providing food and beverage service on board Amtrak trains. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing and im-
plementing the plan under subsection (a), Am-trak shall consider a combination of cost man-agement and revenue generation initiatives, in-cluding— 
‘‘(1) scheduling optimization; ‘‘(2) onboard logistics; ‘‘(3) product development and supply chain 
efficiency; 
‘‘(4) training, awards, and accountability; ‘‘(5) technology enhancements and process im-
provements; and 
‘‘(6) ticket revenue allocation. ‘‘(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Amtrak shall ensure 
that no Amtrak employee holding a position as of the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act is involun-tarily separated because of— 
‘‘(1) the development and implementation of 
the plan required under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(2) any other action taken by Amtrak to im-
plement this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7481 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(d) N OFEDERAL FUNDING FOR OPERATING  
LOSSES .—Beginning on the date that is 4 years 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, no Fed-eral funds may be used to cover any operating loss associated with providing food and bev-erage service on a route operated by Amtrak or an alternative passenger rail service provider that operates a route in lieu of Amtrak under section 24711. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the plan developed under subsection (a) and a description of progress in the implementa-tion of the plan.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243, as amended in section 35202 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24321. Food and beverage reform.’’. 
SEC. 35208. LOCAL PRODUCTS AND PRO-
MOTIONAL EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall establish a pilot program for a State or States that sponsor a State-supported route op-erated by Amtrak to facilitate— 
(1) onboard purchase and sale of local food 
and beverage products; and 
(2) partnerships with local entities to hold 
promotional events on trains or in stations. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DESIGN .—The pilot program 
under paragraph (1) shall allow a State or States— 
(1) to nominate and select a local food and 
beverage products supplier or suppliers or local promotional event partner; 
(2) to charge a reasonable price or fee for local 
food and beverage products or promotional events and related activities to help defray the costs of program administration and State-sup-ported routes; and 
(3) a mechanism to ensure that State products 
can effectively be handled and integrated into existing food and beverage services, including compliance with all applicable regulations and standards governing such services. 
(c) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—The pilot pro-
gram shall— 
(1) for local food and beverage products, en-
sure the products are integrated into existing food and beverage services, including compli-ance with all applicable regulations and stand-ards; 
(2) for promotional events, ensure the events 
are held in compliance with all applicable regu-lations and standards, including terms to ad-dress insurance requirements; and 
(3) require an annual report that documents 
revenues and costs and indicates whether the products or events resulted in a reduction in the financial contribution of a State or States to the applicable State-supported route. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of establishment of the pilot programs under this section, Amtrak shall report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on which States have partici-pated in the pilot programs under this section. The report shall summarize the financial and operational outcomes of the pilot programs. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed as limiting Am-trak’s ability to operate special trains in accord-ance with section 216 of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24308 note). 
SEC. 35209. RIGHT-OF-WAY LEVERAGING. 
(a) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seeking qualified persons or entities to utilize right-of-way and real estate owned, controlled, or managed by Amtrak for telecommunications systems, energy distribution systems, and other activities consid-ered appropriate by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Request for Proposals 
shall provide sufficient information on the right-of-way and real estate assets to enable re-spondents to propose an arrangement that will monetize or generate additional revenue from such assets through revenue sharing or leasing agreements with Amtrak, to the extent possible. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 180 days following the deadline for the re-ceipt of proposals under subsection (a), Amtrak shall review and consider each qualified pro-posal. Amtrak may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified pro-posal. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days fol-
lowing the deadline for the receipt of proposals under subsection (a), Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the Re-quest for Proposals required by this section, in-cluding summary information of any proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals accept-ed by Amtrak. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to utilize right-of-way or real estate assets that it currently owns, controls, or manages or con-strain Amtrak’s ability to enter into agreements with other parties to utilize such assets. 
SEC. 35210. STATION DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OPTIONS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
(1) options to enhance economic development 
and accessibility of and around Amtrak stations and terminals, for the purposes of— 
(A) improving station condition, functionality, 
capacity, and customer amenities; 
(B) generating additional investment capital 
and development-related revenue streams; 
(C) increasing ridership and revenue; (D) complying with the applicable sections of 
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.); and 
(E) strengthening multimodal connections, in-
cluding transit, intercity buses, roll-on and roll- off bicycles, and airports, as appropriate; and 
(2) options for additional Amtrak stops that 
would have a positive incremental financial im-pact to Amtrak, based on Amtrak feasibility studies that demonstrate a financial benefit to Amtrak by generating additional revenue that exceeds any incremental costs. 
(b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date the report is trans-mitted under subsection (a), Amtrak shall issue a Request of Information for 1 or more owners of stations served by Amtrak to formally express an interest in completing the requirements of this section. 
(c) P
ROPOSALS .— 
(1) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date the Request for Informa-tion is issued under subsection (a), Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals from qualified per-sons, including small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals and veteran-owned small businesses, to lead, participate, or partner with Amtrak, a station owner that responded under subsection (b), and other entities in en-hancing development in and around such sta-tions and terminals using applicable options 
identified under subsection (a) at facilities se-lected by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date the Request for Pro-posals are issued under paragraph (1), Amtrak shall review and consider qualified proposals submitted under paragraph (1). Amtrak or a sta-tion owner that responded under subsection (b) may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified proposal. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the Request for Proposals process re-quired under this section, including summary information of any qualified proposals sub-mitted to Amtrak and any proposals acted upon by Amtrak or a station owner that responded under subsection (b). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘small business concern’’, ‘‘socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individual’’, and ‘‘vet-eran-owned small business’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 304(c) of this Act. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to develop its stations, terminals, or other assets, to constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into and carry out agreements with other parties to en-hance development at or around Amtrak sta-tions or terminals, or to affect any station devel-opment initiatives ongoing as of the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 35211. AMTRAK DEBT. 
Section 205 of the Passenger Rail Investment 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enactment of 
this Act’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent provided in 
advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘Am-trak’s indebtedness’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation’’ and in-serting ‘‘To the extent amounts are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘, to the ex-
tent provided in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘as appropriate’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘by section 
102 of this division’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘by section 
102’’ and inserting ‘‘for Amtrak’’; 
(6) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘, unless 
that debt receives credit assistance, including direct loans and loan guarantees, under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code or title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(7) by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 35212. AMTRAK PILOT PROGRAM FOR PAS-
SENGERS TRANSPORTING DOMES-TICATED CATS AND DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall develop a pilot program that allows passengers to transport domesticated cats or dogs on cer-tain trains operated by Amtrak. 
(b) P
ETPOLICY .—In developing the pilot pro-
gram required under subsection (a), Amtrak shall— 
(1) in the case of a passenger train that is 
comprised of more than 1 car, designate, where feasible, at least 1 car in which a ticketed pas-senger may transport a domesticated cat or dog in the same manner as carry-on baggage if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet ken-
nel; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7482 November 3, 2015 
(B) the pet kennel complies with Amtrak size 
requirements for carriage of carry-on baggage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train oper-
ating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(6) of title 49, United States Code; and 
(D) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); 
(2) allow a ticketed passenger to transport a 
domesticated cat or dog on a train in the same manner as cargo if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet ken-
nel; 
(B) the pet kennel is stowed in accordance 
with Amtrak requirements for cargo stowage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train oper-
ating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(6) of title 49, United States Code; 
(D) the cargo area is temperature controlled in 
a manner protective of cat and dog safety and health; and 
(E) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); and 
(3) collect fees for each cat or dog transported 
by a ticketed passenger in an amount that, in the aggregate and at a minimum, covers the full costs of the pilot program. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
pilot program required under subsection (a) is first implemented, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing an eval-uation of the pilot program. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— 
(1) S ERVICE ANIMALS .—The pilot program 
under subsection (a) shall be separate from and in addition to the policy governing Amtrak pas-sengers traveling with service animals. Nothing in this section may be interpreted to limit or waive the rights of passengers to transport serv-ice animals. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAIN CARS .—Nothing in this 
section may be interpreted to require Amtrak to add additional train cars or modify existing train cars. 
(3) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—No Federal funds may 
be used to implement the pilot program required under this section. 
SEC. 35213. AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24302(a) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) C OMPOSITION AND TERMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Amtrak Board of Di-
rectors (referred to in this section as the ‘Board’) is composed of the following 9 directors, each of whom must be a citizen of the United States: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) The President of Amtrak. ‘‘(C) 7 individuals appointed by the President 
of the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, with general busi-ness and financial experience, experience or qualifications in transportation, freight and passenger rail transportation, travel, hospi-tality, or passenger air transportation busi-nesses, or representatives of employees or users of passenger rail transportation or a State gov-ernment. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION .—In selecting individuals de-
scribed in paragraph (1)(C) for nominations for appointments to the Board, the President shall consult with the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, the minority leader of the House of Representatives, the majority leader of the Sen-ate, and the minority leader of the Senate. The individuals appointed to the Board under para-graph (1)(C) shall be composed of the following; 
‘‘(A) 2 individuals from the Northeast Cor-
ridor. 
‘‘(B) 4 individuals from regions of the country 
outside of the Northeast Corridor and geo-graphically distributed with— ‘‘(i) 2 individuals from States with long-dis-
tance routes operated by Amtrak; and 
‘‘(ii) 2 individuals from States with State-sup-
ported routes operated by Amtrak. 
‘‘(C) 1 individual from the Northeast Corridor 
or a State with long-distance or State-supported routes. 
‘‘(3) T
ERM.—An individual appointed under 
paragraph (1)(C) shall be appointed for a term of 5 years. The term may be extended until the individual’s successor is appointed and quali-fied. Not more than 4 individuals appointed under paragraph (1)(C) may be members of the same political party. 
‘‘(4) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
The Board shall elect a chairperson and vice chairperson, other than the President of Am-trak, from among its membership. The vice chairperson shall serve as chairperson in the ab-sence of the chairperson. 
‘‘(5) S
ECRETARY ’S DESIGNEE .—The Secretary 
may be represented at Board meetings by the Secretary’s designee.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as affecting the term of any director serving on the Amtrak Board of Directors under section 24302(a)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, on the day preceding the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 35214. AMTRAK BOARDING PROCEDURES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Amtrak Office of Inspector General shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) evaluates Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
for passengers, including passengers using or transporting nonmotorized transportation, such as wheelchairs and bicycles, at its 15 stations through which the most people pass; 
(2) compares Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
to— 
(A) commuter railroad boarding procedures at 
stations shared with Amtrak; 
(B) international intercity passenger rail 
boarding procedures; and 
(C) fixed guideway transit boarding proce-
dures; and 
(3) makes recommendations, as appropriate, in 
consultation with the Transportation Security Administration, to improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures, including recommendations regard-ing the queuing of passengers and free-flow of all station users and facility improvements need-ed to achieve the recommendations. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 6 months after the report is sub-mitted under subsection (a), Amtrak shall con-sider each recommendation provided under sub-section (a)(3) for implementation at appropriate locations across the Amtrak system. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
SEC. 35301. COMPETITIVE OPERATING GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244 is amended— 
(1) by striking section 24406; and (2) by inserting after section 24405 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘§ 24406. Competitive operating grants 
‘‘(a) A
PPLICANT DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘applicant’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) a group of States; ‘‘(3) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(4) a public agency or publicly chartered au-
thority established by 1 or more States and hav-ing responsibility for providing intercity rail passenger transportation or commuter rail pas-senger transportation; 
‘‘(5) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail passenger carrier 
that provides intercity rail passenger transpor-tation; 
‘‘(7) Any rail carrier in partnership with at 
least 1 of the entities described in paragraphs (1) through (5); and ‘‘(8) any combination of the entities described 
in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of 
Transportation shall develop and implement a program for issuing 3-year operating assistance grants to applicants, on a competitive basis, for the purpose of initiating, restoring, or enhanc-ing intercity rail passenger service. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—An applicant for a grant 
under this section shall submit to the Sec-retary— 
‘‘(1) a capital and mobilization plan that— 
‘‘(A) describes any capital investments, service 
planning actions (such as environmental re-views), and mobilization actions (such as quali-fication of train crews) required for initiation of service; and 
‘‘(B) includes the timeline for undertaking 
and completing each of the investments and ac-tions referred to in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(2) an operating plan that describes the 
planned operation of the service, including— 
‘‘(A) the identity and qualifications of the 
train operator; 
‘‘(B) the identity and qualifications of any 
other service providers; 
‘‘(C) service frequency; ‘‘(D) the planned routes and schedules; ‘‘(E) the station facilities that will be utilized; ‘‘(F) projected ridership, revenues, and costs; ‘‘(G) descriptions of how the projections under 
subparagraph (F) were developed; 
‘‘(H) the equipment that will be utilized, how 
such equipment will be acquired or refurbished, and where such equipment will be maintained; and 
‘‘(I) a plan for ensuring safe operations and 
compliance with applicable safety regulations; 
‘‘(3) a funding plan that— ‘‘(A) describes the funding of initial capital 
costs and operating costs for the first 3 years of operation; 
‘‘(B) includes a commitment by the applicant 
to provide the funds described in subparagraph (A) to the extent not covered by Federal grants and revenues; and 
‘‘(C) describes the funding of operating costs 
and capital costs, to the extent necessary, after the first 3 years of operation; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the status of negotiations 
and agreements with— 
‘‘(A) each of the railroads or regional trans-
portation authorities whose tracks or facilities would be utilized by the service; 
‘‘(B) the anticipated rail passenger carrier, if 
such entity is not part of the applicant group; and 
‘‘(C) any other service providers or entities ex-
pected to provide services or facilities that will be used by the service, including any required access to Amtrak systems, stations, and facilities if Amtrak is not part of the applicant group. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITIES .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applications— 
‘‘(1) for which planning, design, any environ-
mental reviews, negotiation of agreements, ac-quisition of equipment, construction, and other actions necessary for initiation of service have been completed or nearly completed; 
‘‘(2) that would restore service over routes for-
merly operated by Amtrak, including routes with international connections; 
‘‘(3) that would provide daily or daytime serv-
ice over routes where such service did not pre-viously exist; 
‘‘(4) that include private funding (including 
funding from railroads), and funding or other significant participation by State, local, and re-gional governmental and private entities; 
‘‘(5) that include a funding plan that dem-
onstrates the intercity rail passenger service will be financially sustainable beyond the 3-year grant period; 
‘‘(6) that would provide service to regions and 
communities that are underserved or not served by other intercity public transportation; 
‘‘(7) that would foster economic development, 
particularly in rural communities and for dis-advantaged populations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7483 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(8) that would provide other non-transpor-
tation benefits; and 
‘‘(9) that would enhance connectivity and ge-
ographic coverage of the existing national net-work of intercity passenger rail service. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D URATION .—Federal operating assistance 
grants authorized under this section for any in-dividual intercity rail passenger transportation route may not provide funding for more than 3 years and may not be renewed. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 6 of the op-
erating assistance grants awarded pursuant to subsection (b) may be simultaneously active. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM FUNDING .—Grants described in 
paragraph (1) may not exceed— 
‘‘(A) 80 percent of the projected net operating 
costs for the first year of service; 
‘‘(B) 60 percent of the projected net operating 
costs for the second year of service; and 
‘‘(C) 40 percent of the projected net operating 
costs for the third year of service. 
‘‘(f) U SEWITHCAPITAL GRANTS AND OTHER 
FEDERAL FUNDING .—A recipient of an operating 
assistance grant under subsection (b) may use that grant in combination with other grants awarded under this chapter or any other Fed-eral funding that would benefit the applicable service. 
‘‘(g) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION WITHAMTRAK .—If the 
Secretary awards a grant under this section to a rail passenger carrier other than Amtrak, Am-trak may be required under section 24711(c)(1) of this title to provide access to its reservation sys-tem, stations, and facilities that are directly re-lated to operations to such carrier, to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion. The Secretary may award an appropriate portion of the grant to Amtrak as compensation for this access. 
‘‘(i) C
ONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT AGREEMENT .—The Secretary shall 
require grant recipients under this section to enter into a grant agreement that requires them to provide similar information regarding the route performance, financial, and ridership pro-jections, and capital and business plans that Amtrak is required to provide, and such other data and information as the Secretary deems necessary. 
‘‘(2) I
NSTALLMENTS ; TERMINATION .—The Sec-
retary may— 
‘‘(A) award grants under this section in in-
stallments, as the Secretary considers appro-priate; and 
‘‘(B) terminate any grant agreement upon— ‘‘(i) the cessation of service; or ‘‘(ii) the violation of any other term of the 
grant agreement. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—Except as specifi-
cally provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this sec-tion shall be subject to the requirements under this chapter. 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary, after consultation with grant recipients under this section, shall submit a report to Congress that describes— 
‘‘(1) the implementation of this section; ‘‘(2) the status of the investments and oper-
ations funded by such grants; 
‘‘(3) the performance of the routes funded by 
such grants; 
‘‘(4) the plans of grant recipients for contin-
ued operation and funding of such routes; and 
‘‘(5) any legislative recommendations.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 244 
is amended— 
(1) in the table of contents, by inserting after 
the item relating to section 24405 the following: 
‘‘24406. Competitive operating grants.’’; 
(2) in the chapter title, by striking ‘‘ INTER-
CITY PASSENGER RAIL SERVICE COR-RIDOR CAPITAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RAIL CAP-
ITAL AND OPERATING ’’; 
(3) in section 24401, by striking paragraph (1); (4) in section 24402, by striking subsection (j) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICANT DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘applicant’ means a State (including the District of Columbia), a group of States, an Interstate Compact, a public agency or publicly chartered authority established by 1 or more States and having responsibility for providing intercity rail passenger transportation, or a po-litical subdivision of a State.’’; and 
(5) in section 24405— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, or for which an operating 
grant is issued under section 24406,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(43’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(45’’; 
(B) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or un-less Amtrak ceased providing intercity passenger railroad transportation over the affected route more than 3 years before the commencement of new service’’ after ‘‘unless such service was pro-vided solely by Amtrak to another entity’’; 
(C) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘under this 
chapter for commuter rail passenger transpor-tation, as defined in section 24012(4) of this title.’’ and inserting ‘‘under this chapter for commuter rail passenger transportation (as de-fined in section 24102(3)).’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) S
PECIAL TRANSPORTATION CIR-
CUMSTANCES .—In carrying out this chapter, the 
Secretary shall allocate an appropriate portion of the amounts available under this chapter to provide grants to States— 
‘‘(1) in which there is no intercity passenger 
rail service, for the purpose of funding freight rail capital projects that are on a State rail plan developed under chapter 227 that provide public benefits (as defined in chapter 227), as deter-mined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(2) in which the rail transportation system is 
not physically connected to rail systems in the continental United States or may not otherwise qualify for a grant under this section due to the unique characteristics of the geography of that State or other relevant considerations, for the purpose of funding transportation-related cap-ital projects.’’. 
SEC. 35302. FEDERAL-STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR 
STATE OF GOOD REPAIR. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 244 is amended by 
inserting after section 24406, as added by section 5301 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘§ 24407. Federal-State partnership for state 
of good repair 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘applicant’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a State (including the District of Colum-
bia); 
‘‘(B) a group of States; ‘‘(C) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(D) a public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States that has responsibility for providing intercity rail passenger transportation or commuter rail pas-senger transportation; 
‘‘(E) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(F) Amtrak, acting on its own behalf or 
under a cooperative agreement with 1 or more States; or 
‘‘(G) any combination of the entities described 
in subparagraphs (A) through (F). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL PROJECT .—The term ‘capital 
project’ means— 
‘‘(A) a project primarily intended to replace, 
rehabilitate, or repair major infrastructure as-sets utilized for providing intercity passenger rail service, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets, as determined by the Sec-retary; or 
‘‘(B) a project primarily intended to improve 
intercity passenger rail performance, including reduced trip times, increased train frequencies, 
higher operating speeds, and other improve-ments, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—The term ‘North-
east Corridor’ means— 
‘‘(A) the main rail line between Boston, Mas-
sachusetts and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia; and 
‘‘(B) the branch rail lines connecting to Har-
risburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachu-setts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED RAILROAD ASSET .—The term 
‘qualified railroad asset’ means infrastructure, equipment, or a facility that— 
‘‘(A) is owned or controlled by an eligible ap-
plicant; and 
‘‘(B) was not in a state of good repair on the 
date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation shall develop and im-plement a program for issuing grants to appli-cants, on a competitive basis, to fund capital projects that reduce the state of good repair backlog on qualified railroad assets. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Projects eligible for 
grants under this section include capital projects to replace or rehabilitate qualified rail-road assets, including— 
‘‘(1) capital projects to replace existing assets 
in-kind; 
‘‘(2) capital projects to replace existing assets 
with assets that increase capacity or provide a higher level of service; and 
‘‘(3) capital projects to ensure that service can 
be maintained while existing assets are brought to a state of good repair. 
‘‘(d) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .—In select-
ing an applicant for a grant under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) give preference to eligible projects— ‘‘(A) that are consistent with the goals, objec-
tives, and policies defined in any regional rail planning document that is applicable to a project proposal; and 
‘‘(B) for which the proposed Federal share of 
total project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
‘‘(2) take into account— ‘‘(A) the cost-benefit analysis of the proposed 
project, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project, including— 
‘‘(i) effects on system and service performance; ‘‘(ii) effects on safety, competitiveness, reli-
ability, trip or transit time, and resilience; 
‘‘(iii) efficiencies from improved integration 
with other modes; and 
‘‘(iv) ability to meet existing or anticipated de-
mand; 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential pri-vate sector participation in the financing, con-struction, or operation of the proposed project; 
‘‘(C) the applicant’s past performance in de-
veloping and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions; 
‘‘(D) whether the applicant has, or will 
have— 
‘‘(i) the legal, financial, and technical capac-
ity to carry out the project; 
‘‘(ii) satisfactory continuing control over the 
use of the equipment or facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) the capability and willingness to main-
tain the equipment or facilities; 
‘‘(E) if applicable, the consistency of the 
project with planning guidance and documents set forth by the Secretary or required by law; and 
‘‘(F) any other relevant factors, as determined 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) P
LANNING REQUIREMENTS .—A project is 
not eligible for a grant under this section unless the project is specifically identified— 
‘‘(1) on a State rail plan prepared in accord-
ance with chapter 227; or 
‘‘(2) if the project is located on the Northeast 
Corridor, on the Northeast Corridor Capital In-vestment Plan developed pursuant to section 24904(a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7484 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(f) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLIANCE WITH USAGE AGREEMENTS .— 
Grant funds may not be provided under this sec-tion to an eligible recipient for an eligible project located on the Northeast Corridor unless Amtrak and the public authorities providing commuter rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor are in compliance with sec-tion 24905(c)(2). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—When select-
ing projects located on the Northeast Corridor, the Secretary shall consider the appropriate se-quence and phasing of projects as contained in the Northeast Corridor Capital Investment Plan developed pursuant to section 24904(a). 
‘‘(g) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COST .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total cost of a project under this section based on the best available informa-tion, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, environmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equip-ment or facilities. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total costs for a project under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF AMTRAK REVENUE .—If Am-
trak or another rail passenger carrier is an ap-plicant under this section, Amtrak or the other rail passenger carrier, as applicable, may use ticket and other revenues generated from its op-erations and other sources to satisfy the non- Federal share requirements. 
‘‘(h) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may issue a 
letter of intent to a grantee under this section that— 
‘‘(A) announces an intention to obligate, for a 
major capital project under this section, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the project; and 
‘‘(B) states that the contingent commitment— ‘‘(i) is not an obligation of the Federal Gov-
ernment; and 
‘‘(ii) is subject to the availability of appropria-
tions under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment. 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days be-
fore issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit written notification to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The notification submitted 
pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the proposed letter or agree-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) the criteria used under subsection (d) for 
selecting the project for a grant award; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the project meets 
such criteria. 
‘‘(3) A PPROPRIATIONS REQUIRED .—An obliga-
tion or administrative commitment may be made under this section only when amounts are ap-propriated for such purpose. 
‘‘(i) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated for 
carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(j) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—Except as specifi-
cally provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this sec-tion shall be subject to the requirements under this chapter.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 244 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 24406 the fol-lowing: ‘‘24407. Federal-State partnership for state of 
good repair.’’. 
SEC. 35303. LARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
Section 24402 is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(m) L ARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a grant awarded under 
this chapter for an amount in excess of $1,000,000,000, the following conditions shall apply: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Transportation may not 
obligate any funding unless the applicant dem-onstrates, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that the applicant has committed, and will be able to fulfill, the non-Federal share required for the grant within the applicant’s proposed project completion timetable. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary may not obligate any 
funding for work activities that occur after the completion of final design unless— 
‘‘(i) the applicant submits a financial plan to 
the Secretary that generally identifies the sources of the non-Federal funding required for any subsequent segments or phases of the cor-ridor service development program covering the project for which the grant is awarded; 
‘‘(ii) the grant will result in a useable seg-
ment, a transportation facility, or equipment, that has operational independence or is finan-cially sustainable; and 
‘‘(iii) the intercity passenger rail benefits an-
ticipated to result from the grant, such as in-creased speed, improved on-time performance, reduced trip time, increased frequencies, new service, safety improvements, improved accessi-bility, or other significant enhancements, are detailed by the grantee and approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C)(i) The Secretary shall ensure that the 
project is maintained to the level of utility that is necessary to support the benefits approved under subparagraph (B)(iii) for a period of 20 years from the date on which the useable seg-ment, transportation facility, or equipment de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii) is placed in serv-ice. 
‘‘(ii) If the project property is not maintained 
as required under clause (i) for a 12-month pe-riod, the grant recipient shall refund a pro-rata share of the Federal contribution, based upon the percentage remaining of the 20-year period that commenced when the project property was placed in service. 
‘‘(2) E
ARLY WORK .—The Secretary may allow 
a grantee subject to this subsection to engage in at-risk work activities subsequent to the conclu-sion of final design if the Secretary determines that such work activities are reasonable and necessary.’’. 
SEC. 35304. SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION 
STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a na-
tionwide disparity and availability study on the availability and use of small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals and veteran- owned small businesses in publicly funded inter-city passenger rail service projects. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report containing the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term 
‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), except that the term does not in-clude any concern or group of concerns con-trolled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, 
as adjusted annually by the Secretary for infla-tion. 
(2) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘socially and eco-
nomically disadvantaged individual’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and rel-evant subcontracting regulations issued pursu-ant to such Act, except that women shall be pre-sumed to be socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals for purposes of this section. 
(3) V
ETERAN -OWNED SMALL BUSINESS .—The 
term ‘‘veteran-owned small business’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’’ in section 3(q)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(3)), except that the term does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same veterans that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted annually by the Secretary for inflation. 
SEC. 35305. GULF COAST RAIL SERVICE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to evaluate the restoration of intercity rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region between New Orleans, Louisiana, and Orlando, Florida. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group con-
vened pursuant to subsection (a) shall consist of representatives of— 
(1) the Federal Railroad Administration, 
which shall serve as chair of the working group; 
(2) Amtrak; (3) the States along the proposed route or 
routes; 
(4) regional transportation planning organiza-
tions and metropolitan planning organizations, municipalities, and communities along the pro-posed route or routes, which shall be selected by the Administrator; 
(5) the Southern Rail Commission; 
(6) freight railroad carriers whose tracks may 
be used for such service; and 
(7) other entities determined appropriate by 
the Secretary, which may include independent passenger rail operators that express an interest in Gulf Coast service. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall— 
(1) evaluate all options for restoring intercity 
rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region, including options outlined in the report trans-mitted to Congress pursuant to section 226 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432); 
(2) select a preferred option for restoring such 
service; 
(3) develop a prioritized inventory of capital 
projects and other actions required to restore such service and cost estimates for such projects or actions; and 
(4) identify Federal and non-Federal funding 
sources required to restore such service, includ-ing options for entering into public-private part-nerships to restore such service. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that includes— 
(1) the preferred option selected under sub-
section (c)(2) and the reasons for selecting such option; 
(2) the information described in subsection 
(c)(3); 
(3) the funding sources identified under sub-
section (c)(4); 
(4) the costs and benefits of restoring intercity 
rail passenger transportation in the region; and 
(5) any other information the working group 
determines appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7485 November 3, 2015 
SEC. 35306. INTEGRATED PASSENGER RAIL WORK-
ING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall convene a working group to review issues relating to— 
(1) the potential operation of State-supported 
routes by rail passenger carriers other than Am-trak; and 
(2) their role in establishing an integrated 
intercity passenger rail network in the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group shall 
consist of a balanced representation of— 
(1) the Federal Railroad Administration, who 
shall chair the Working Group; 
(2) States that fund State-sponsored routes; (3) independent passenger rail operators, in-
cluding those that carry at least 5,000,000 pas-sengers annually in United States or inter-national rail service; 
(4) Amtrak; (5) railroads that host intercity State-sup-
ported routes; 
(6) employee representatives from railroad 
unions and building trade unions with substan-tial engagement in railroad rights of way con-struction and maintenance; and 
(7) other entities determined appropriate by 
the Secretary. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall evaluate options for improving State-sup-ported routes and may make recommendations, as appropriate, regarding— 
(1) best practices for State or State authority 
governance of State-supported routes; 
(2) future sources of Federal and non-Federal 
funding sources for State-supported routes; 
(3) best practices in obtaining passenger rail 
operations and services on a competitive basis with the objective of creating the highest quality service at the lowest cost to the taxpayer; 
(4) ensuring potential interoperability of 
State-supported routes as a part of a national network with multiple providers providing inte-grated services including ticketing, scheduling, and route planning; and 
(5) the interface between State-supported 
routes and connecting commuter rail operations, including maximized intra-modal and inter-modal connections and common sources of fund-ing for capital projects. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—Not later than 60 days after 
the establishment of the working group by the Secretary under subsection (a), the working group shall convene an organizational meeting outside of the District of Columbia and shall de-fine the rules and procedures governing the pro-ceedings of the working group. The working group shall hold at least 3 meetings per year in States that fund State-supported routes. 
(e) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) P RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 1 
year after the date the working group is estab-lished, the working group shall submit a pre-liminary report to the Secretary, the Governors of States funding State-supported routes, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes— 
(A) administrative recommendations that can 
be implemented by a State and State authority or by the Secretary; and 
(B) preliminary legislative recommendations. (2) F
INAL LEGISLATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date the work-ing group is established, the working group shall submit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes final legislative recommendations. 
SEC. 35307. SHARED-USE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with Amtrak, commuter rail au-thorities, and other passenger rail operators, railroad carriers that own rail infrastructure 
over which both passenger and freight trains operate, States, the Surface Transportation Board, the Northeast Corridor Commission es-tablished under section 24905, the State-Sup-ported Route Committee established under sec-tion 24712, and groups representing rail pas-sengers and customers, as appropriate, shall complete a study that evaluates— 
(1) the shared use of right-of-way by pas-
senger and freight rail systems; and 
(2) the operational, institutional, and legal 
structures that would best support improvements to the systems referred to in paragraph (1). 
(b) A
REAS OF STUDY .—In conducting the 
study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— 
(1) the access and use of railroad right-of-way 
by a rail carrier that does not own the right-of- way, such as passenger rail services that oper-ate over privately-owned right-of-way, includ-ing an analysis of— 
(A) access agreements; (B) costs of access; and (C) the resolution of disputes relating to such 
access or costs; 
(2) the effectiveness of existing contractual, 
statutory, and regulatory mechanisms for estab-lishing, measuring, and enforcing train perform-ance standards, including— 
(A) the manner in which passenger train 
delays are recorded; 
(B) the assignment of responsibility for such 
delays; and 
(C) the use of incentives and penalties for per-
formance; 
(3) strengths and weaknesses in the existing 
mechanisms described in paragraph (2) and pos-sible approaches to address the weaknesses; 
(4) mechanisms for measuring and maintain-
ing public benefits resulting from publicly fund-ed freight or passenger rail improvements, in-cluding improvements directed towards shared- use right-of-way by passenger and freight rail; 
(5) approaches to operations, capacity, and 
cost estimation modeling that— 
(A) allows for transparent decisionmaking; 
and 
(B) protects the proprietary interests of all 
parties; 
(6) liability requirements and arrangements, 
including— 
(A) whether to expand statutory liability lim-
its to additional parties; 
(B) whether to revise the current statutory li-
ability limits; 
(C) whether current insurance levels of pas-
senger rail operators are adequate and whether to establish minimum insurance requirements for such passenger rail operators; and 
(D) whether to establish a liability regime 
modeled after section 170 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2210); 
(7) the effect on rail passenger services, oper-
ations, liability limits and insurance levels of the assertion of sovereign immunity by a State; and 
(8) other issues identified by the Secretary. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the 
study under subsection (a) is complete, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(1) the results of the study; and (2) any recommendations for further action, 
including any legislative proposals consistent with such recommendations. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall in-
tegrate the recommendations submitted under subsection (c) into its financial assistance pro-grams under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, and section 502 of the Railroad Revital-ization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822), as appropriate. 
SEC. 35308. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION. 
(a) C OMPOSITION .—Section 24905(a) is amend-
ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘, infrastructure investments,’’ after ‘‘rail operations’’; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) members representing the Department of 
Transportation, including the Office of the Sec-retary, the Federal Railroad Administration, and the Federal Transit Administration;’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D) by inserting ‘‘and 
commuter’’ after ‘‘freight’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(6) The members of the Commission shall 
elect co-chairs consisting of 1 member described in paragraph (1)(B) and 1 member described in paragraph (1)(C).’’. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Section 24905(b) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and peri-
odically update’’ after ‘‘develop’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘beyond 
those specified in the state of good repair plan under section 211 of the Passenger Rail Invest-ment and Improvement Act of 2008’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS , 
RECOMMENDATIONS , AND PERFORMANCE RE -
PORTS .—The Commission shall submit to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives— 
‘‘(A) any updates made to the statement of 
goals developed under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after such updates are made; and 
‘‘(B) annual performance reports and rec-
ommendations for improvements, as appropriate, issued not later than March 31 of each year, for the prior fiscal year, which summarize— 
‘‘(i) the operations and performance of com-
muter, intercity, and freight rail transportation along the Northeast Corridor; and 
‘‘(ii) the delivery of the capital plan described 
in section 24904.’’. 
(c) C
OST ALLOCATION POLICY .—Section 
24905(c) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A C-
CESS COSTS’’ and inserting ‘‘A LLOCATION OF  
COSTS’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
FORMULA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ POLICY ’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘Within 2 years after the date of en-actment of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for-
mula’’ and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(D) by striking subparagraph (B) through (D) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) develop a proposed timetable for imple-
menting the policy; 
‘‘(C) submit the policy and timetable devel-
oped under subparagraph (B) to the Surface Transportation Board, the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(D) not later than October 1, 2015, adopt and 
implement the policy in accordance with the timetable; and 
‘‘(E) with the consent of a majority of its 
members, the Commission may petition the Sur-face Transportation Board to appoint a medi-ator to assist the Commission members through nonbinding mediation to reach an agreement under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘formula proposed in’’ and in-
serting ‘‘policy developed under’’; and 
(B) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘the timetable, the Commission 
shall petition the Surface Transportation Board to’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(D) or fail to comply with the policy thereafter, the Surface Transportation Board shall’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7486 November 3, 2015 
(ii) by striking ‘‘amounts for such services in 
accordance with section 24904(c) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘for such usage in accordance with the procedures and procedural schedule applicable to a proceeding under section 24903(c), after taking into consideration the pol-icy developed under paragraph (1)(A), as appli-cable’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘formula’’ 
and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If a 
dispute arises with the implementation of, or compliance with, the policy developed under paragraph (1), the Commission, Amtrak, or pub-lic authorities providing commuter rail pas-senger transportation on the Northeast Corridor may request that the Surface Transportation Board conduct dispute resolution. The Surface Transportation Board shall establish procedures for resolution of disputes brought before it under this paragraph, which may include the provision of professional mediation services.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 24905 
is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(3) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘to the Commission such sums as may be necessary for the period encompassing fiscal years 2009 through 2013 to carry out this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Secretary for the use of the Commission and the Northeast Corridor Safety Committee such sums as may be nec-essary to carry out this section during fiscal year 2016 through 2019, in addition to amounts withheld under section 35101(e) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(2), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘on the main line.’’ and inserting ‘‘on the main line and meet annually with the Com-mission on the topic of Northeast Corridor safe-ty and security.’’. 
(e) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PLANNING .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 249 is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 24904 as section 
24903; and 
(B) by inserting after section 24903, as redesig-
nated, the following: 
‘‘§ 24904. Northeast Corridor planning 
‘‘(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR CAPITAL INVEST -
MENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than May 1 of 
each year, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 (referred to in this section as the ‘Commission’) shall— 
‘‘(A) develop a capital investment plan for the 
Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the Virginia Avenue inter-locking in the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massa-chusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, in-cluding the facilities and services used to oper-ate and maintain those lines; and 
‘‘(B) submit the capital investment plan to the 
Secretary of Transportation and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The capital investment plan 
shall— 
‘‘(A) reflect coordination and network optimi-
zation across the entire Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(B) integrate the individual capital and serv-
ice plans developed by each operator using the methods described in the cost allocation policy developed under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) cover a period of 5 fiscal years, beginning 
with the first fiscal year after the date on which the plan is completed; 
‘‘(D) notwithstanding section 24902(b), iden-
tify, prioritize, and phase the implementation of projects and programs to achieve the service outcomes identified in the Northeast Corridor service development plan and the asset condi-
tion needs identified in the Northeast Corridor asset management plans, once available, and consider— 
‘‘(i) the benefits and costs of capital invest-
ments in the plan; 
‘‘(ii) project and program readiness; ‘‘(iii) the operational impacts; and ‘‘(iv) funding availability; ‘‘(E) categorize capital projects and programs 
as primarily associated with; 
‘‘(i) normalized capital replacement and basic 
infrastructure renewals; 
‘‘(ii) replacement or rehabilitation of major 
Northeast Corridor infrastructure assets, includ-ing tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets; 
‘‘(iii) statutory, regulatory, or other legal 
mandates; 
‘‘(iv) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; or 
‘‘(v) strategic initiatives that will improve 
overall operational performance or lower costs; 
‘‘(F) identify capital projects and programs 
that are associated with more than 1 category described in subparagraph (E); 
‘‘(G) describe the anticipated outcomes of each 
project or program, including an assessment of— 
‘‘(i) the potential effect on passenger accessi-
bility, operations, safety, reliability, and resil-iency; 
‘‘(ii) the ability of infrastructure owners and 
operators to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
‘‘(iii) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(H) include a financial plan. ‘‘(3) F
INANCIAL PLAN .—The financial plan 
under paragraph (2)(H) shall— 
‘‘(A) identify funding sources and financing 
methods; 
‘‘(B) identify the expected allocated shares of 
costs pursuant to the cost allocation policy de-veloped under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) identify the projects and programs that 
the Commission expects will receive Federal fi-nancial assistance; and 
‘‘(D) identify the eligible entity or entities 
that the Commission expects will receive the Federal financial assistance described under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(b) F
AILURE TODEVELOP A CAPITAL INVEST -
MENT PLAN.—If a capital investment plan has 
not been developed by the Commission for a given fiscal year, then the funds assigned to the account established under section 24319(b) for that fiscal year may be spent only on— 
‘‘(1) capital projects described in clause (i) or 
(iii) of subsection (a)(2)(E) of this section; or 
‘‘(2) capital projects described in subsection 
(a)(2)(E)(iv) of this section that are for the sole benefit of Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ASSET MANAGE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—With regard to its infrastruc-
ture, Amtrak and each State and public trans-portation entity that owns infrastructure that supports or provides for intercity rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor shall develop an asset management system and de-velop and update, as necessary, a Northeast Corridor asset management plan for each service territory described in subsection (a) that— 
‘‘(A) are consistent with the Federal Transit 
Administration process, as authorized under section 5326, when implemented; and 
‘‘(B) include, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) an inventory of all capital assets owned 
by the developer of the asset management plan; 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of asset condition; ‘‘(iii) a description of the resources and proc-
esses necessary to bring or maintain those assets in a state of good repair, including decision-sup-port tools and investment prioritization meth-ods; and 
‘‘(iv) a description of changes in asset condi-
tion since the previous version of the plan. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Each entity described in 
paragraph (1) shall transmit to the Commis-sion— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, its Northeast Corridor asset management plan developed under para-graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) at least biennial thereafter, an update to 
its Northeast Corridor asset management plan. 
‘‘(d) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SERVICE DEVELOP -
MENT PLANUPDATES .—Not less frequently than 
once every 10 years, the Commission shall up-date the Northeast Corridor service development plan.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) N OTE AND MORTGAGE .—Section 24907(a) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 24904 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24903’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents for chapter 249 is amended— 
(i) by redesignating the item relating to sec-
tion 24904 as relating to section 24903; and 
(ii) by inserting after the item relating to sec-
tion 24903, as redesignated, the following: 
‘‘24904. Northeast Corridor planning.’’. 
(3) R EPEAL .—Section 211 of the Passenger Rail 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (divi-sion B of Public Law 110–432; 49 U.S.C. 24902 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 35309. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR THROUGH- 
TICKETING AND PROCUREMENT EF-FICIENCIES. 
(a) T HROUGH -TICKETING STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905(a) of title 49, United States Code (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’), in con-sultation with Amtrak and the commuter rail passenger transportation providers along the Northeast Corridor shall complete a study on the feasibility of and options for permitting through-ticketing between Amtrak service and commuter rail services on the Northeast Cor-ridor. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study under 
paragraph (1), the Northeast Corridor Commis-sion shall— 
(A) examine the current state of intercity and 
commuter rail ticketing technologies, policies, and other relevant aspects on the Northeast Corridor; 
(B) consider and recommend technology, proc-
ess, policy, or other options that would permit through-ticketing to allow intercity and com-muter rail passengers to purchase, in a single transaction, travel that utilizes Amtrak and connecting commuter rail services; 
(C) consider options to expand through- 
ticketing to include local transit services; 
(D) summarize costs, benefits, opportunities, 
and impediments to developing such through- ticketing options; and 
(E) develop a proposed methodology, includ-
ing cost and schedule estimates, for carrying out a pilot program on through-ticketing on the Northeast Corridor. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date the study under paragraph (1) is complete, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further action. (b) J
OINT PROCUREMENT STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Commission, Amtrak, and commuter rail transportation authorities on the Northeast Corridor shall complete a study of the potential benefits resulting from Amtrak and such authorities undertaking select joint pro-curements for common materials, assets, and equipment when expending Federal funds for such purchases. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7487 November 3, 2015 
(A) the types of materials, assets, and equip-
ment that are regularly purchased by Amtrak and such authorities that are similar and could be jointly procured; 
(B) the potential benefits of such joint pro-
curements, including lower procurement costs, better pricing, greater market relevancy, and other efficiencies; 
(C) the potential costs of such joint procure-
ments; 
(D) any significant impediments to under-
taking joint procurements, including any nec-essary harmonization and reconciliation of Fed-eral and State procurement or safety regulations or standards and other requirements; and 
(E) whether to create Federal incentives or re-
quirements relating to considering or carrying out joint procurements when expending Federal funds. 
(3) T
RANSMISSION .—Not later than 60 days 
after completing the study required under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further action. (c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘Northeast Corridor’’ means the North-east Corridor main line between Boston, Massa-chusetts, and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, including the facili-ties and services used to operate and maintain those lines. 
SEC. 35310. DATA AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) D ATA.—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Surface Transportation Board, Amtrak, freight railroads, State and local governments, and regional business, tour-ism and economic development agencies shall conduct a data needs assessment— 
(1) to support the development of an efficient 
and effective intercity passenger rail network; 
(2) to identify the data needed to conduct 
cost-effective modeling and analysis for intercity passenger rail development programs; 
(3) to determine limitations to the data used 
for inputs; 
(4) to develop a strategy to address such limi-
tations; 
(5) to identify barriers to accessing existing 
data; 
(6) to develop recommendations regarding 
whether the authorization of additional data collection for intercity passenger rail travel is warranted; and 
(7) to determine which entities will be respon-
sible for generating or collecting needed data. 
(b) B
ENEFIT -COSTANALYSIS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enhance the usefulness of assessments of benefits and costs, for intercity passenger rail and freight rail projects— 
(1) by providing ongoing guidance and train-
ing on developing benefit and cost information for rail projects; 
(2) by providing more direct and consistent re-
quirements for assessing benefits and costs across transportation funding programs, includ-ing the appropriate use of discount rates; 
(3) by requiring applicants to clearly commu-
nicate the methodology used to calculate the project benefits and costs, including non-propri-etary information on— 
(A) assumptions underlying calculations; (B) strengths and limitations of data used; 
and 
(C) the level of uncertainty in estimates of 
project benefits and costs; and 
(4) by ensuring that applicants receive clear 
and consistent guidance on values to apply for key assumptions used to estimate potential project benefits and costs. (c) C
ONFIDENTIAL DATA.—The Secretary shall 
protect sensitive or confidential to the greatest extent permitted by law. Nothing in this section shall require any entity to provide information to the Secretary in the absence of a voluntary agreement. 
SEC. 35311. PERFORMANCE-BASED PROPOSALS. 
(a) S OLICITATION OF PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for projects for the financing, design, construction, oper-ation, and maintenance of an intercity pas-senger rail system, including— 
(A) the Northeast Corridor; (B) the California Corridor; (C) the Empire Corridor; (D) the Pacific Northwest Corridor; (E) the South Central Corridor; (F) the Gulf Coast Corridor; (G) the Chicago Hub Network; (H) the Florida Corridor; (I) the Keystone Corridor; (J) the Northern New England Corridor; and (K) the Southeast Corridor. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Proposals shall be submitted 
to the Secretary not later than 180 days after the publication of such request for proposals under paragraph (1). 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARD .—Proposals sub-
mitted under paragraph (2) shall meet any standards established by the Secretary. For cor-ridors with existing intercity passenger rail serv-ice, proposals shall also be designed to achieve a reduction of existing minimum intercity rail service trip times between the main corridor city pairs by a minimum of 25 percent. In the case of a proposal submitted with respect to paragraph (1)(A), the proposal shall be designed to achieve a 2-hour or less express service between Wash-ington, District of Columbia, and New York City, New York. 
(4) C
ONTENTS .—A proposal submitted under 
this subsection shall include— 
(A) the names and qualifications of the per-
sons submitting the proposal and the entities proposed to finance, design, construct, operate, and maintain the railroad, railroad equipment, and related facilities, stations, and infrastruc-ture; 
(B) a detailed description of the proposed rail 
service, including possible routes, required in-frastructure investments and improvements, equipment needs and type, train frequencies, peak and average operating speeds, and trip times; 
(C) a description of how the project would 
comply with all applicable Federal rail safety and security laws, orders, and regulations; 
(D) the locations of proposed stations, which 
maximize the usage of existing infrastructure to the extent possible, and the populations such stations are intended to serve; 
(E) the type of equipment to be used, includ-
ing any technologies, to achieve trip time goals; 
(F) a description of any proposed legislation 
needed to facilitate all aspects of the project; 
(G) a financing plan identifying— (i) projected revenue, and sources thereof; (ii) the amount of any requested public con-
tribution toward the project, and proposed sources; 
(iii) projected annual ridership projections for 
the first 10 years of operations; 
(iv) annual operations and capital costs; (v) the projected levels of capital investments 
required both initially and in subsequent years to maintain a state-of-good-repair necessary to provide the initially proposed level of service or higher levels of service; 
(vi) projected levels of private investment and 
sources thereof, including the identity of any person or entity that has made or is expected to make a commitment to provide or secure funding and the amount of such commitment; and 
(vii) projected funding for the full fair market 
compensation for any asset, property right or interest, or service acquired from, owned, or 
held by a private person or Federal entity that would be acquired, impaired, or diminished in value as a result of a project, except as other-wise agreed to by the private person or entity; 
(H) a description of how the project would 
contribute to the development of the intercity passenger rail system and an intermodal plan describing how the system will facilitate conven-ient travel connections with other transpor-tation services; 
(I) a description of how the project will ensure 
compliance with Federal laws governing the rights and status of employees associated with the route and service, including those specified in section 24405 of title 49, United States Code; 
(J) a description of how the design, construc-
tion, implementation, and operation of the project will accommodate and allow for future growth of existing and projected intercity, com-muter, and freight rail service; 
(K) a description of how the project would 
comply with Federal and State environmental laws and regulations, of what environmental impacts would result from the project, and of how any adverse impacts would be mitigated; and 
(L) a description of the project’s impacts on 
highway and aviation congestion, energy con-sumption, land use, and economic development in the service area. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION AND ESTABLISHMENT OF  
COMMISSIONS .—Not later than 90 days after re-
ceipt of the proposals under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) make a determination as to whether any 
such proposals— 
(A) contain the information required under 
paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (a); 
(B) are sufficiently credible to warrant further 
consideration; 
(C) are likely to result in a positive impact on 
the Nation’s transportation system; and 
(D) are cost-effective and in the public inter-
est; 
(2) establish a commission under subsection (c) 
for each corridor with 1 or more proposals that the Secretary determines satisfy the require-ments of paragraph (1); and 
(3) forward to each commission established 
under paragraph (2) the applicable proposals for review and consideration. 
(c) C
OMMISSIONS .— 
(1) M EMBERS .—Each commission established 
under subsection (b)(2) shall include— 
(A) the governors of the affected States, or 
their respective designees; 
(B) mayors of appropriate municipalities with 
stops along the proposed corridor, or their re-spective designees; 
(C) a representative from each freight railroad 
carrier using the relevant corridor, if applicable; 
(D) a representative from each transit author-
ity using the relevant corridor, if applicable; 
(E) representatives of nonprofit employee 
labor organizations representing affected rail-road employees; and 
(F) the President of Amtrak or his or her des-
ignee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT AND SELECTION .—The Sec-
retary shall appoint the members under para-graph (1). In selecting each commission’s mem-bers to fulfill the requirements under subpara-graphs (B) and (E) of paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall consult with the Chairperson and Ranking Member of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE -CHAIRPERSON SE -
LECTION .—The Chairperson and Vice-Chair-
person shall be elected from among members of each commission. 
(4) Q
UORUM AND VACANCY .— 
(A) Q UORUM .—A majority of the members of 
each commission shall constitute a quorum. 
(B) V ACANCY .—Any vacancy in each commis-
sion shall not affect its powers and shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7488 November 3, 2015 
filled in the same manner in which the original 
appointment was made. 
(5) A PPLICATION OF LAW .—Except where oth-
erwise provided by this section, the Federal Ad-visory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to each commission created under this section. 
(d) C
OMMISSION CONSIDERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each commission established 
under subsection (b)(2) shall be responsible for reviewing the proposal or proposals forwarded to it under that subsection and not later than 90 days after the establishment of the commission, shall transmit to the Secretary a report, includ-ing— 
(A) a summary of each proposal received; (B) services to be provided under each pro-
posal, including projected ridership, revenues, and costs; 
(C) proposed public and private contributions 
for each proposal; 
(D) the advantages offered by the proposal 
over existing intercity passenger rail services; 
(E) public operating subsidies or assets needed 
for the proposed project; 
(F) possible risks to the public associated with 
the proposal, including risks associated with project financing, implementation, completion, safety, and security; 
(G) a ranked list of the proposals rec-
ommended for further consideration under sub-section (e) in accordance with each proposal’s projected positive impact on the Nation’s trans-portation system; 
(H) an identification of any proposed Federal 
legislation that would facilitate implementation of the projects and Federal legislation that would be required to implement the projects; and 
(I) any other recommendations by the commis-
sion concerning the proposed projects. 
(2) V
ERBAL PRESENTATION .—Proposers shall be 
given an opportunity to make a verbal presen-tation to the commission to explain their pro-posals. 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of each commission estab-lished under subsection (b)(2) such sums as are necessary to carry out this section. 
(e) S
ELECTION BY SECRETARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
receiving the recommended proposals of the com-missions established under subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
(A) review such proposals and select any pro-
posal that provides substantial benefits to the public and the national transportation system, is cost-effective, offers significant advantages over existing services, and meets other relevant factors determined appropriate by the Secretary; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port containing any proposal with respect to subsection (a)(1)(A) that is selected by the Sec-retary under subparagraph (A) of this para-graph, all the information regarding the pro-posal provided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers relevant. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT REPORT .—Following the sub-
mission of the report under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report containing any proposal with re-spect to subparagraphs (B) through (K) of sub-section (a)(1) that are selected by the Secretary under paragraph (1) of this subsection, all the information regarding the proposal provided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers rel-evant. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON REPORT SUBMISSION .—The 
report required under paragraph (2) shall not be submitted by the Secretary until the report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1)(B) has been consid-ered through a hearing by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives on the report submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(f) N
OACTIONS WITHOUT ADDITIONAL AU-
THORITY .—No Federal agency may take any ac-
tion to implement, establish, facilitate, or other-wise act upon any proposal submitted under this section, other than those actions specifi-cally authorized by this section, without explicit statutory authority enacted after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) I NTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL .—The term 
‘‘intercity passenger rail’’ means intercity rail passenger transportation as defined in section 
24102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of 
the 50 States or the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 35312. AMTRAK INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall have the authority available to other Inspectors General, as necessary in car-rying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), to inves-tigate any alleged violation of sections 286, 287, 371, 641, 1001, 1002 and 1516 of title 18, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY .—For purposes of sections 286, 287, 
371, 641, 1001, 1002, and 1516 of title 18, United States Code, Amtrak and the Amtrak Office of Inspector General, shall be considered a cor-poration in which the United States has a pro-prietary interest as set forth in section 6 of that title. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall— 
(1) not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, initiate an assessment to de-termine whether current expenditures or pro-curements involving Amtrak’s fulfillment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) utilize competitive, market- driven provisions that are applicable throughout the entire term of such related expenditures or procurements; and 
(2) not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives the assessment under paragraph (1). 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The authority provided by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall be effective only with respect to a fiscal year for which Amtrak receives a Federal subsidy. 
SEC. 35313. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ITLE49 A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) C ONTINGENT INTEREST RECOVERIES .—Sec-
tion 22106(b) is amended by striking ‘‘interest thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘interest thereon’’. 
(2) A
UTHORITY .—Section 22702(b)(4) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘5 years for reapproval by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘4 years for accept-ance by the Secretary’’. 
(3) C
ONTENTS OF STATE RAIL PLANS .—Section 
22705(a) is amended by striking paragraph (12). 
(4) M ISSION .—Section 24101(b) is amended by 
striking ‘‘of subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘set forth in subsection (c)’’. 
(5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents for chapter 243 is amended by striking the item relating to section 24316 and inserting the following: 
‘‘24316. Plans to address the needs of families of 
passengers involved in rail pas-senger accidents.’’. 
(6) U
PDATE .—Section 24305(f)(3) is amended by 
striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
(7) A MTRAK .—Chapter 247 is amended— 
(A) in section 24702(a), by striking ‘‘not in-
cluded in the national rail passenger transpor-tation system’’; (B) in section 24706— 
(i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a dis-
continuance under section 24704 or or’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’; and 
(C) in section 24709, by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Attorney Gen-eral,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Home-land Security,’’. 
(b) P
ASSENGER RAILINVESTMENT AND IM-
PROVEMENT ACTAMENDMENTS .—Section 305(a) 
of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improve-ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘nonprofit organizations rep-resenting employees who perform overhaul and maintenance of passenger railroad equipment,’’ after ‘‘equipment manufacturers,’’. 
Subtitle D—Rail Safety 
PART I—SAFETY IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 35401. HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSING 
SAFETY. 
(a) M ODEL STATE HIGHWAY -RAIL GRADE  
CROSSING ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop a model of a State-specific high-way-rail grade crossing action plan and dis-tribute the model plan to each State. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan developed under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) methodologies, tools, and data sources for 
identifying and evaluating highway-rail grade crossing safety risks, including the public safety risks posed by blocked highway-rail grade cross-ings due to idling trains; 
(B) best practices to reduce the risk of high-
way-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents and to alleviate the blockage of highway-rail grade crossings due to idling trains, including strategies for— 
(i) education, including model stakeholder en-
gagement plans or tools; 
(ii) engineering, including the benefits and 
costs of different designs and technologies used to mitigate highway-rail grade crossing safety risks; and 
(iii) enforcement, including the strengths and 
weaknesses associated with different enforce-ment methods; 
(C) for each State, a customized list and data 
set of the highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents in that State over the past 3 years, including the location, number of deaths, and number of injuries for each accident or incident; and 
(D) contact information of a Department of 
Transportation safety official available to assist the State in adapting the model plan to satisfy the requirements under subsection (b). 
(b) S
TATE HIGHWAY -RAILGRADE CROSSING AC-
TION PLANS.— 
(1) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 18 months 
after the Secretary develops and distributes the model plan under subsection (a), the Secretary shall promulgate a rule that requires— 
(A) each State, except the 10 States identified 
under section 202 of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to de-velop and implement a State highway-rail grade crossing action plan; and 
(B) each State that was identified under sec-
tion 202 of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to update its State action plan under that section and submit to the Secretary the updated State action plan and a report describing what the State did to imple-ment its previous State action plan under that section and how it will continue to reduce high-way-rail grade crossing safety risks. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each State plan required 
under this subsection shall— 
(A) identify highway-rail grade crossings that 
have experienced recent highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents, or are at high- risk for accidents or incidents; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7489 November 3, 2015 
(B) identify specific strategies for improving 
safety at highway-rail grade crossings, includ-ing highway-rail grade crossing closures or grade separations; and 
(C) designate a State official responsible for 
managing implementation of the State plan under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1), as applicable. 
(3) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall provide 
assistance to each State in developing and car-rying out, as appropriate, the State plan under this subsection. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each State shall 
submit its final State plan under this subsection to the Secretary for publication. The Secretary shall make each approved State plan publicly available on an official Internet Web site. 
(5) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary may condition 
the awarding of a grant to a State under chap-ter 244 of title 49, United States Code, on that State submitting an acceptable State plan under this subsection. 
(6) R
EVIEW OF ACTION PLANS .—Not later than 
60 days after the date of receipt of a State plan under this subsection, the Secretary shall— 
(A) if the State plan is approved, notify the 
State and publish the State plan under para-graph (4); and 
(B) if the State plan is incomplete or deficient, 
notify the State of the specific areas in which the plan is deficient and allow the State to com-plete the plan or correct the deficiencies and re-submit the plan under paragraph (1). 
(7) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of a notice under paragraph (6)(B), a State shall complete the plan or correct the defi-ciencies and resubmit the plan. 
(8) F
AILURE TO COMPLETE OR CORRECT PLAN .— 
If a State fails to meet the deadline under para-graph (7), the Secretary shall post on the Web site under paragraph (4) a notice that the State has an incomplete or deficient highway-rail grade crossing action plan. 
(c) R
AILWAY -HIGHWAY CROSSINGS FUNDS.— 
The Secretary may use funds made available to carry out section 130 of title 23, United States Code, to provide States with funds to develop a State highway-rail grade crossing action plan under subsection (b)(1)(A) of this section or to update a State action plan under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H IGHWAY -RAIL GRADE CROSSING .—The term 
‘‘highway-rail grade crossing’’ means a location within a State, other than a location where 1 or more railroad tracks cross 1 or more railroad tracks at grade, where— 
(A) a public highway, road, or street, or a pri-
vate roadway, including associated sidewalks and pathways, crosses 1 or more railroad tracks either at grade or grade-separated; or 
(B) a pathway explicitly authorized by a pub-
lic authority or a railroad carrier that is dedi-cated for the use of non-vehicular traffic, in-cluding pedestrians, bicyclists, and others, that is not associated with a public highway, road, or street, or a private roadway, crosses 1 or more railroad tracks either at grade or grade-sepa-rated. 
(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means a State of 
the United States or the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 35402. SPEED LIMIT ACTION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, each railroad carrier providing intercity rail passenger trans-portation or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation, in consultation with any applicable host railroad carrier, shall survey its entire system and identify each main track location where there is a reduction of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve or bridge. 
(b) A
CTION PLANS.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date that the survey under subsection (a) is complete, a rail passenger carrier shall submit to the Secretary an action plan that— (1) identifies each main track location where 
there is a reduction of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve or bridge; 
(2) describes appropriate actions, including 
modification to automatic train control systems, if applicable, other signal systems, increased crew size, improved signage, or other practices, including increased crew communication, to en-able warning and enforcement of the maximum authorized speed for passenger trains at each lo-cation identified under paragraph (1); 
(3) contains milestones and target dates for 
implementing each appropriate action described under paragraph (2); and 
(4) ensures compliance with the maximum au-
thorized speed at each location identified under paragraph (1). 
(c) A
PPROVAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date an action plan is submitted under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall approve, approve with conditions, or disapprove the action plan. 
(d) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the requirements of this section each segment of track for which op-erations are governed by a positive train control system certified under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety tech-nology or practice that would achieve an equiv-alent or greater level of safety in reducing de-railment risk. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes— 
(1) the actions the railroad carriers have 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2013–08, entitled ‘‘Operational Tests and Inspections for Compliance With Maximum Authorized Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; 
(2) the actions the railroad carriers have 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2015–03, entitled ‘‘Operational and Signal Modifications for Compliance with Maximum Authorized Pas-senger Train Speeds and Other Speed Restric-tions’’; and 
(3) the actions the Federal Railroad Adminis-
tration has taken to evaluate or incorporate the information and findings arising from the safety advisories referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) into the development of regulatory action and oversight activities. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall prohibit the Secretary from applying the requirements of this section to other segments of track at high risk of overspeed derailment. 
SEC. 35403. SIGNAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall promul-
gate such regulations as the Secretary considers necessary to require each railroad carrier pro-viding intercity rail passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger transportation, in con-sultation with any applicable host railroad car-rier, to install signs to warn train crews before the train approaches a location that the Sec-retary identifies as having high risk of over-speed derailment. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the requirements of this section each segment of track for which op-erations are governed by a positive train control system certified under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety tech-nology or practice that would achieve an equiv-alent or greater level of safety in reducing de-railment risk. 
SEC. 35404. ALERTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall promul-
gate a rule to require a working alerter in the controlling locomotive of each passenger train in intercity rail passenger transportation (as de-fined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) or commuter rail passenger transportation 
(as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code). 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may promul-
gate a rule to specify the essential functionalities of a working alerter, including the manner in which the alerter can be reset. 
(2) A
LTERNATE PRACTICE OR TECHNOLOGY .— 
The Secretary may require or allow a tech-nology or practice in lieu of a working alerter if the Secretary determines that the technology or practice would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in enhancing or ensuring appro-priate locomotive control. 
SEC. 35405. SIGNAL PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall promul-
gate regulations to require, not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, that on-track safety regulations, whenever practicable and consistent with other safety re-quirements and operational considerations, in-clude requiring implementation of redundant signal protection, such as shunting or other practices and technologies that achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety, for mainte-nance-of-way work crews who depend on a train dispatcher to provide signal protection. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the requirements of this section each segment of track for which op-erations are governed by a positive train control system certified under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety tech-nology or practice that would achieve an equiv-alent or greater level of safety in providing ad-ditional signal protection. 
SEC. 35406. TECHNOLOGY IMPLEMENTATION 
PLANS. 
Section 20156(e) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) each railroad carrier required to submit 
such a plan, until the implementation of a posi-tive train control system by the railroad carrier, shall analyze and, as appropriate, prioritize technologies and practices to mitigate the risk of overspeed derailments.’’. 
SEC. 35407. COMMUTER RAIL TRACK INSPEC-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall evaluate 
track inspection regulations to determine if a railroad carrier providing commuter rail pas-senger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines should be required to inspect the lines in the same manner as currently required for other commuter railroad lines. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Considering safety, includ-
ing railroad carrier employee and contractor safety, and system capacity, the Secretary may promulgate a rule for high density commuter railroad lines. If, after the evaluation under subsection (a), the Secretary determines that it is necessary to promulgate a rule, the Secretary shall specifically consider the following regu-latory requirements for high density commuter railroad lines: 
(1) At least once every 2 weeks— (A) traverse each main line by vehicle; or (B) inspect each main line on foot. (2) At least once each month, traverse and in-
spect each siding by vehicle or by foot. 
(c) R
EPORT .—If, after the evaluation under 
subsection (a), the Secretary determines it is not necessary to revise the regulations under this section, the Secretary, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, shall transmit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives explaining the reasons for not revising the regu-lations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7490 November 3, 2015 
(d) C ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to promulgate regulations or issue or-ders under any other law. 
SEC. 35408. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with railroad carriers, shall conduct a study to determine whether limitations or weak-nesses exist in the emergency response informa-tion carried by train crews transporting haz-ardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate the differences between the emergency response in-formation carried by train crews transporting hazardous materials and the emergency re-sponse guidance provided in the Emergency Re-sponse Guidebook issued by the Department of Transportation. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port of the findings of the study under sub-section (a) and any recommendations for legisla-tive action. 
SEC. 35409. PRIVATE HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE 
CROSSINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with railroad carriers, shall conduct a study— 
(1) to determine whether limitations or weak-
nesses exist regarding the availability and use-fulness for safety purposes of data on private highway-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) to evaluate existing engineering practices 
on private highway-rail grade crossings. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall make rec-ommendations as necessary to improve— 
(1) the utility of the data on private highway- 
rail grade crossings; and 
(2) the implementation of private highway-rail 
crossing safety measures, including signage and warning systems. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port of the findings of the study and any rec-ommendations for further action. 
SEC. 35410. REPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DAM-
AGED TRACK INSPECTION EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 201 
is amended by inserting after section 20120 the following: 
‘‘§ 20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment 
‘‘The Secretary of Transportation may receive 
and expend cash, or receive and utilize spare parts and similar items, from non-United States Government sources to repair damages to or re-place United States Government owned auto-mated track inspection cars and equipment as a result of third-party liability for such damages, and any amounts collected under this section shall be credited directly to the Railroad Safety and Operations account of the Federal Railroad Administration, and shall remain available until expended for the repair, operation, and mainte-nance of automated track inspection cars and equipment in connection with the automated track inspection program.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter I of chapter 201 is amended by adding after section 21020 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment.’’. 
SEC. 35411. RAIL POLICE OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 28101 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘or agent, 
as applicable,’’ after ‘‘an employee’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a railroad police officer 
directly employed by or contracted by a rail car-rier and certified or commissioned as a police of-ficer under the laws of a State transfers primary employment or residence from the certifying or commissioning State to another State or jurisdic-tion, the railroad police officer, not later than 1 year after the date of transfer, shall apply to be certified or commissioned as a police office under the laws of the State of new primary em-ployment or residence. 
‘‘(2) I
NTERIM PERIOD .—During the period be-
ginning on the date of transfer and ending 1 year after the date of transfer, a railroad police officer directly employed by or contracted by a rail carrier and certified or commissioned as a police officer under the laws of a State may en-force the laws of the new jurisdiction in which the railroad police officer resides, to the same extent as provided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) T
RAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall recognize as 
meeting that State’s basic police officer certifi-cation or commissioning requirements for quali-fication as a rail police officer under this section any individual who successfully completes a program at a State-recognized police training academy in another State or at a Federal law enforcement training center and who is certified or commissioned as a police officer by that other State. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed as superseding or affecting any unique State training require-ments related to criminal law, criminal proce-dure, motor vehicle code, or State-mandated comparative or annual in-service training acad-emy or Federal law enforcement training cen-ter.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the regulations in part 207 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to rail-road police officers), to permit a railroad to des-ignate an individual, who is commissioned in the individual’s State of legal residence or State of primary employment and directly employed by or contracted by a railroad to enforce State laws for the protection of railroad property, per-sonnel, passengers, and cargo, to serve in the States in which the railroad owns property. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A MTRAK RAIL POLICE .—Section 24305(e) is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting 
‘‘may directly employ or contract with’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and inserting 
‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘employed without’’ and in-
serting ‘‘directly employed or contracted with-out’’. 
(2) S
ECURE GUN STORAGE OR SAFETY DEVICE ; 
EXCEPTIONS .—Section 922(z)(2)(B) of title 18 is 
amended by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and insert-ing ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’. 
SEC. 35412. OPERATION DEEP DIVE; REPORT. 
(a) P ROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter until the completion date, the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes the progress of Metro-North Commuter Railroad in imple-menting the directives and recommendations issued by the Federal Railroad Administration in its March 2014 report to Congress titled ‘‘Op-eration Deep Dive Metro-North Commuter Rail-road Safety Assessment’’. (b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after the completion date, the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall sub-mit a final report on the directives and rec-ommendations to Congress. 
(c) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term 
‘‘completion date’’ means the date on which Metro-North Commuter Railroad has completed all of the directives and recommendations re-ferred to in subsection (a). 
SEC. 35413. POST-ACCIDENT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation, in cooperation with the National Trans-portation Safety Board and the National Rail-road Passenger Corporation (referred to in this section as ‘‘Amtrak’’), shall conduct a post-acci-dent assessment of the Amtrak Northeast Re-gional Train #188 crash on May 12, 2015. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted 
pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with the 
plan for addressing the needs of the families of passengers involved in any rail passenger acci-dent, which was submitted pursuant to section 24316 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with the 
emergency preparedness plan required under section 239.101(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; 
(3) a determination of any additional action 
items that should be included in the plans re-ferred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) to meet the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families, including— 
(A) notification of emergency contacts; (B) dedicated and trained staff to manage 
family assistance; 
(C) the establishment of a family assistance 
center at the accident locale or other appro-priate location; 
(D) a system for identifying and recovering 
items belonging to passengers that were lost in the crash; and 
(E) the establishment of a single customer 
service entity within Amtrak to coordinate the response to the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families; 
(4) recommendations for any additional train-
ing needed by Amtrak staff to better implement the plans referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2), including the establishment of a regular sched-ule for training drills and exercises. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives that describes— 
(1) its plan to achieve the recommendations 
referred to in subsection (b)(4); and 
(2) steps that have been taken to address any 
deficiencies identified through the assessment. 
SEC. 35414. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO FAMILIES OF PASSENGERS  
INVOLVED IN RAILPASSENGER ACCIDENTS .—Sec-
tion 1139 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘phone 
number’’ and inserting ‘‘telephone number’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘post trau-
ma communication with families’’ and inserting ‘‘post-trauma communication with families’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘railroad pas-
senger accident’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘rail passenger accident’’. 
(b) S
OLID WASTE RAILTRANSFER FACILITY  
LAND-USEEXEMPTION .—Section 10909 is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Clean Railroad Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘Clean Railroads Act of 2008’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Upon the 
granting of petition from the State’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Upon the granting of a petition from the State’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7491 November 3, 2015 
(c) R ULEMAKING PROCESS .—Section 20116 is 
amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(2)’’ before ‘‘the code, rule, 
standard, requirement, or practice has been sub-ject to notice and comment under a rule or order issued under this part.’’ and indenting accord-ingly; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘unless’’ and in-
denting accordingly; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘order, or’’ and inserting ‘‘order; or’’; and 
(4) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), as 
redesignated, by striking ‘‘unless’’ and inserting ‘‘unless—’’. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT REPORT .—Section 20120(a) 
is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘accident 
and incidence reporting’’ and inserting ‘‘acci-dent and incident reporting’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)(G), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(4) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘Adminis-
trative Hearing Officer or Administrative Law Judge’’ and inserting ‘‘administrative hearing officer or administrative law judge’’. 
(e) R
AILROAD SAFETY RISKREDUCTION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 20156 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by inserting a comma 
after ‘‘In developing its railroad safety risk re-duction program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) by inserting a comma after ‘‘good faith’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘non-profit’’ and inserting 
‘‘nonprofit’’. 
(f) R
OADWAY USERSIGHT DISTANCE AT HIGH-
WAY-RAILGRADE CROSSINGS .—Section 20159 is 
amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Secretary of Transportation’’. 
(g) N
ATIONAL CROSSING INVENTORY .—Section 
20160 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘con-
cerning each previously unreported crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’ and inserting ‘‘concerning each previously unreported cross-ing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘con-
cerning each crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it op-erates’’ and inserting ‘‘concerning each crossing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’. 
(h) M
INIMUM TRAINING STANDARDS AND  
PLANS.—Section 20162(a)(3) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘railroad compliance with Federal stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘railroad carrier compli-ance with Federal standards’’. 
(i) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF RAILSAFETY  
TECHNOLOGY .—Section 20164(a) is amended by 
striking ‘‘after enactment of the Railroad Safety Enhancement Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008’’. 
(j) R
AILSAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2008.— 
(1) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—Section 1(b) of divi-
sion A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4848) is amended— 
(A) in the item relating to section 307, by 
striking ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; 
(B) in the item relating to title VI, by striking 
‘‘solid waste facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facilities’’; and 
(C) in the item relating to section 602, by strik-
ing ‘‘solid waste transfer facilities’’ and insert-ing ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facilities’’. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2(a)(1) of division A 
of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4849) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting a comma after ‘‘at grade’’. 
(3) R
AILROAD SAFETY STRATEGY .—Section 
102(a)(6) of title I of division A of the Rail Safe-ty Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Improving the 
safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fatalities caused by catastrophic failures and other bridge and tunnel failures.’’ and inserting ‘‘Improving the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fa-talities caused by catastrophic and other fail-ures of such infrastructure.’’. 
(4) O
PERATION LIFESAVER .—Section 206(a) of 
title II of division A of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Public Service Announcements’’ and inserting ‘‘public service announcements’’. 
(5) U
PDATE OF FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINIS -
TRATION ’S WEB SITE .—Section 307 of title III of 
division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 103 note) is amended— 
(A) in the heading by striking ‘‘ FEDERAL 
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION’S WEBSITE ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Federal Railroad Administration Web site’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘website’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘website’s’’ and inserting 
‘‘Web site’s’’. 
(6) A
LCOHOL AND CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE  
TESTING FOR MAINTENANCE -OF-WAY EMPLOY -
EES.—Section 412 of title IV of division A of the 
Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20140 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
(7) T
UNNEL INFORMATION .—Section 414 of title 
IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘parts 171.8, 173.115’’ and in-
serting ‘‘sections 171.8, 173.115’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘part 1520.5’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 1520.5’’. 
(8) S
AFETY INSPECTIONS IN MEXICO .—Section 
416 of title IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20107 note) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘subsection’’ 
and inserting ‘‘section’’. 
(9) H
EADING OF TITLE VI .—The heading of title 
VI of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘ SOLID WASTE FACILITIES ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘ SOLID WASTE RAIL TRANSFER FA-
CILITIES ’’. 
(10) H
EADING OF SECTION 602 .—Section 602 of 
title VI of division A of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘ SOLID WASTE TRANSFER FACILI-
TIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SOLID WASTE RAIL 
TRANSFER FACILITIES ’’. 
SEC. 35415. GAO STUDY ON USE OF LOCOMOTIVE 
HORNS AT HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSINGS. 
The Comptroller General of the United States 
shall submit a report to Congress containing the results of a study evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Railroad Administration’s final rule on the use of locomotive horns at highway-rail grade crossings, which was published in the Federal Register on August 17, 2006 (71 Fed. Reg. 47614). 
SEC. 35416. BRIDGE INSPECTION REPORTS. 
Section 417(d) of the Rail Safety Improvement 
Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF BRIDGE INSPECTION RE -
PORTS .—The Administrator of the Federal Rail-
road Administration shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain a copy of the most recent 
bridge inspection reports prepared in accordance with section (b)(5); and 
‘‘(B) provide copies of the reports described in 
subparagraph (A) to appropriate State and local government transportation officials, upon re-
quest.’’. 
PART II—CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRA-
STRUCTURE AND SAFETY IMPROVE-MENTS 
SEC. 35421. CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUC-
TURE AND SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244, as amended by 
section 35302 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24408. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this section to an eligi-ble recipient to assist in financing the cost of improving passenger and freight rail transpor-tation systems in terms of safety, efficiency, or reliability. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The following en-
tities are eligible to receive a grant under this section: 
‘‘(1) A State. ‘‘(2) A group of States. ‘‘(3) An Interstate Compact. ‘‘(4) A public agency or publicly chartered au-
thority established by 1 or more States and hav-ing responsibility for providing intercity rail passenger, commuter rail passenger, or freight rail transportation service. 
‘‘(5) A political subdivision of a State. ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail passenger carrier 
that provides intercity rail passenger transpor-tation (as defined in section 24102) or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in sec-tion 24102). 
‘‘(7) A Class II railroad or Class III railroad 
(as those terms are defined in section 20102). 
‘‘(8) Any rail carrier or rail equipment manu-
facturer in partnership with at least 1 of the en-tities described in paragraphs (1) through (5). 
‘‘(9) Any entity established to procure, man-
age, or maintain passenger rail equipment under section 305 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(10) An organization that is actively involved 
in the development of operational and safety-re-lated standards for rail equipment and oper-ations or the implementation of safety-related programs. 
‘‘(11) The Transportation Research Board and 
any entity with which it contracts in the devel-opment of rail-related research, including coop-erative research programs. 
‘‘(12) A University transportation center ac-
tively engaged in rail-related research. 
‘‘(13) A non-profit labor organization rep-
resenting a class or craft of employees of rail-road carriers or railroad carrier contractors. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—The following 
projects are eligible to receive grants under this section: 
‘‘(1) Deployment of railroad safety tech-
nology, including positive train control and rail integrity inspection systems. 
‘‘(2) A capital project as defined in section 
24401, except that a project shall not be required to be in a State rail plan developed under chap-ter 227. 
‘‘(3) A capital project identified by the Sec-
retary as being necessary to address congestion challenges affecting rail service. 
‘‘(4) A highway-rail grade crossing improve-
ment, including grade separations, private high-way-rail grade crossing improvements, and safe-ty engineering improvements to reduce risk in quiet zones or potential quiet zones. 
‘‘(5) A rail line relocation project. ‘‘(6) A capital project to improve short-line or 
regional railroad infrastructure. 
‘‘(7) Development of public education, aware-
ness, and targeted law enforcement activities to reduce violations of traffic laws at highway-rail grade crossings and to help prevent and reduce injuries and fatalities along railroad rights-of- way. 
‘‘(8) The preparation of regional rail and cor-
ridor service development plans and cor-responding environmental analyses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7492 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(9) Any project that the Secretary considers 
necessary to enhance multimodal connections or facilitate service integration between rail service and other modes, including between intercity rail passenger transportation and intercity bus service. 
‘‘(10) The development of rail-related capital, 
operations, and safety standards. 
‘‘(11) The implementation and operation of a 
safety program or institute designed to improve rail safety culture and rail safety performance. 
‘‘(12) Any research that the Secretary con-
siders necessary to advance any particular as-pect of rail-related capital, operations, or safety improvements. 
‘‘(13) Workforce development activities, co-
ordinated to the extent practicable with the ex-isting local training programs supported by the Department of Transportation, Department of Labor, and Department of Education. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall prescribe the form and manner of filing an application under this section. 
‘‘(e) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In selecting a recipient of a 
grant for an eligible project, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) give preference to a proposed project for 
which the proposed Federal share of total project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
‘‘(B) after factoring in preference to projects 
under subparagraph (A), select projects that will maximize the net benefits of the funds ap-propriated for use under this section, consid-ering the cost-benefit analysis of the proposed project, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project and factoring in the other considerations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall also consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential pri-vate sector participation in the financing, con-struction, or operation of the project; 
‘‘(B) The recipient’s past performance in de-
veloping and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions; 
‘‘(C) Whether the recipient has or will have 
the legal, financial, and technical capacity to carry out the proposed project, satisfactory con-tinuing control over the use of the equipment or facilities, and the capability and willingness to maintain the equipment or facilities; 
‘‘(D) If applicable, the consistency of the pro-
posed project with planning guidance and docu-ments set forth by the Secretary or required by law or State rail plans developed under chapter 227; 
‘‘(E) If applicable, any technical evaluation 
ratings that proposed project received under previous competitive grant programs adminis-tered by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(F) Such other factors as the Secretary con-
siders relevant to the successful delivery of the project. 
‘‘(3) B
ENEFITS .—The benefits described in 
paragraph (1)(B) may include the effects on sys-tem and service performance, including meas-ures such as improved safety, competitiveness, reliability, trip or transit time, resilience, effi-ciencies from improved integration with other modes, and ability to meet existing or antici-pated demand. 
‘‘(f) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Secretary 
shall establish performance measures for each grant recipient to assess progress in achieving strategic goals and objectives. The Secretary may require a grant recipient to periodically re-port information related to such performance measures. 
‘‘(g) R
URAL AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-
priated under this section, at least 25 percent shall be available for projects in rural areas. The Secretary shall consider a project to be in a rural area if all or the majority of the project (determined by the geographic location or loca-tions where the majority of the project funds 
will be spent) is located in a rural area. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF RURAL AREA .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘rural area’ means any area not in an urbanized area, as defined by the Cen-sus Bureau. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COSTS .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total costs of a project under this subsection based on the best available infor-mation, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, environmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equip-ment or facilities. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total project costs under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF PASSENGER RAIL REV -
ENUE.—If Amtrak or another rail passenger car-
rier is an applicant under this section, Amtrak or the other rail passenger carrier, as applica-ble, may use ticket and other revenues gen-erated from its operations and other sources to satisfy the non-Federal share requirements. 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICABILITY .—Except as specifically 
provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements of this chapter. 
‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated for 
carrying out this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 244, as amended by section 35302 of this Act, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 24407 the following: 
‘‘24408. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements.’’. 
PART III—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS BY 
RAIL SAFETY AND OTHER SAFETY EN-HANCEMENTS 
SEC. 35431. REAL-TIME EMERGENCY RESPONSE 
INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall promulgate regulations— 
(1) to require a Class I railroad transporting 
hazardous materials— 
(A) to generate accurate, real-time, and elec-
tronic train consist information, including— 
(i) the identity, quantity, and location of haz-
ardous materials on a train; 
(ii) the point of origin and destination of the 
train; 
(iii) any emergency response information or 
resources required by the Secretary; and 
(iv) an emergency response point of contact 
designated by the Class I railroad; and 
(B) to enter into a memorandum of under-
standing with each applicable fusion center to provide that fusion center with secure and con-fidential access to the electronic train consist in-formation described in subparagraph (A) for each train transporting hazardous materials in that fusion center’s jurisdiction; 
(2) to require each applicable fusion center to 
provide the electronic train consist information described in paragraph (1)(A) to first respond-ers, emergency response officials, and law en-forcement personnel that are involved in the re-sponse to or investigation of an incident, acci-dent, or public health or safety emergency in-volving the rail transportation of hazardous ma-terials and that request such electronic train consist information; 
(3) upon the request of each State, political 
subdivision of a State, or public agency respon-sible for emergency response or law enforcement, to require each applicable fusion center to pro-vide advance notice for each high-hazard flam-mable train traveling through the jurisdiction of each State, political subdivision of a State, or public agency, which notice shall include the electronic train consist information described in paragraph (1)(A) for the high-hazard flammable train, and to the extent practicable, for request-ing States, political subdivisions, or public agen-
cies, to ensure that the fusion center shall pro-vide at least 12 hours of advance notice for a high-hazard flammable train that will be trav-eling through the jurisdiction of the State, polit-ical subdivision of a State, or public agency, and include within the notice its best estimate of the time the train will enter the jurisdiction; 
(4) to prohibit any railroad, employee, or 
agent from withholding, or causing to be with-held the train consist information from first re-sponders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel described in paragraph (2) in the event of an incident, accident, or pub-lic health or safety emergency involving the rail transportation of hazardous materials; 
(5) to establish security and confidentiality 
protections to prevent the release of the elec-tronic train consist information to unauthorized persons; and 
(6) to allow each Class I railroad to enter into 
a memorandum of understanding with any Class II or Class III railroad that operates trains over the Class I railroad’s line to incor-porate the Class II or Class III railroad’s train consist information within the existing frame-work described in paragraph (1). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE FUSION CENTER .—The term 
‘‘applicable fusion center’’ means a fusion cen-ter with responsibility for a geographic area in which a Class I railroad operates. 
(2) C
LASS I RAILROAD .—The term ‘‘Class I rail-
road’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) F
USION CENTER .—The term ‘‘fusion center’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 124h(j) of title 6, United States Code. 
(4) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous materials’’ means material designated as hazardous by the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 51 of the United States Code. 
(5) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE TRAIN .—The 
term ‘‘high-hazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a con-tinuous block or a single train transporting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flam-mable liquid throughout the train consist. 
(6) T
RAIN CONSIST .—The term ‘‘train consist’’ 
includes, with regard to a specific train, the number of rail cars and the commodity trans-ported by each rail car. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) Nothing in this section may be construed 
to prohibit a Class I railroad from voluntarily entering into a memorandum of understanding, as described in subsection (a)(1)(B), with a State emergency response commission or an entity rep-resenting or including first responders, emer-gency response officials, and law enforcement personnel. 
(2) Nothing in this section may be construed 
to amend any requirement for a railroad to pro-vide a State Emergency Response Commission, for each State in which it operates trains trans-porting 1,000,000 gallons or more of Bakken crude oil, notification regarding the expected movement of such trains through the counties in the State. 
SEC. 35432. THERMAL BLANKETS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to require each tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification and each non-jack-eted tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification— 
(1) to be equipped with a thermal blanket; or (2) to have sufficient thermal resistance so 
that there will be no release of any lading with-in the tank car, except release through the pres-sure relief device, when subjected to a pool fire for 200 minutes and a torch fire for 30 minutes. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF THERMAL BLANKET .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘thermal blanket’’ means an insulating blanket that is applied between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7493 November 3, 2015 
the outer surface of a tank car tank and the 
inner surface of a tank car jacket and that has thermal conductivity no greater than 2.65 Btu per inch, per hour, per square foot, and per de-gree Fahrenheit at a temperature of 2000 degrees Fahrenheit, plus or minus 100 degrees Fahr-enheit. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) P RESSURE RELIEF DEVICES .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect or pro-hibit any requirement to equip with appro-priately sized pressure relief devices a tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification or a non-jacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification. 
(2) H
ARMONIZATION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to require or allow the Sec-retary to prescribe an implementation deadline or authorization end date for the requirement under subsection (a) that is earlier than the ap-plicable implementation deadline or authoriza-tion end date for other tank car modifications necessary to meet the DOT–117R specification. 
SEC. 35433. COMPREHENSIVE OIL SPILL RE-
SPONSE PLANS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue a notice of proposed rule-making to require each railroad carrier trans-porting a Class 3 flammable liquid to maintain a comprehensive oil spill response plan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The regulations under sub-
section (a) shall require each rail carrier de-scribed in that subsection— 
(1) to include in the comprehensive oil spill re-
sponse plan procedures and resources for re-sponding, to the maximum extent practicable, to a worst-case discharge; 
(2) to ensure the comprehensive oil spill re-
sponse plan is consistent with the National Con-tingency Plan and each applicable Area Contin-gency Plan; 
(3) to include in the comprehensive oil spill re-
sponse plan appropriate notification and train-ing procedures; 
(4) to review and update its comprehensive oil 
spill response plan as appropriate; and 
(5) to provide the comprehensive oil spill re-
sponse plan for acceptance by the Secretary. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in the section 
may be construed as prohibiting the Secretary from promulgating different comprehensive oil response plan standards for Class I, Class II, and Class III railroads. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A REA CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term ‘‘Area 
Contingency Plan’’ has the meaning given the term in section 311(a) of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)). 
(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) C
LASS I RAILROAD , CLASS II RAILROAD , AND 
CLASS III RAILROAD .—The terms ‘‘Class I rail-
road’’, ‘‘Class II railroad’’ and ‘‘Class III rail-road’’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) N
ATIONAL CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term 
‘‘National Contingency Plan’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1001 of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701). 
(5) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(6) W
ORST-CASE DISCHARGE .—The term 
‘‘worst-case discharge’’ means a railroad car-rier’s calculation of its largest foreseeable dis-charge in the event of an accident or incident. 
SEC. 35434. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS BY RAIL LI-
ABILITY STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate a study on the levels and structure of insurance for a railroad carrier transporting hazardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— (1) the level and structure of insurance, in-
cluding self-insurance, available in the private market against the full liability potential for damages arising from an accident or incident in-volving a train transporting hazardous mate-rials; 
(2) the level and structure of insurance that 
would be necessary and appropriate— 
(A) to efficiently allocate risk and financial 
responsibility for claims; and 
(B) to ensure that a railroad carrier trans-
porting hazardous materials can continue to op-erate despite the risk of an accident or incident; 
(3) the potential applicability to trains trans-
porting hazardous materials of— 
(A) a liability regime modeled after section 170 
of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2210); and 
(B) a liability regime modeled after subtitle 2 
of title XXI of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300aa–10 et seq.). 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date the study under subsection (a) is initiated, the Secretary shall submit a report containing the results of the study and recommendations for addressing liability issues with rail transpor-tation of hazardous materials to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H AZARDOUS MATERIAL .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous material’’ means a substance or material the Secretary designates under section 5103(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35435. STUDY AND TESTING OF ELECTRONI-
CALLY-CONTROLLED PNEUMATIC BRAKES. 
(a) G OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Government Account-
ability Office shall complete an independent evaluation of ECP brake systems pilot program data and the Department of Transportation’s research and analysis on the effects of ECP brake systems. 
(2) S
TUDY ELEMENTS .—In completing the inde-
pendent evaluation under paragraph (1), the Government Accountability Office shall examine the following issues related to ECP brake sys-tems: 
(A) Data and modeling results on safety bene-
fits relative to conventional brakes and to other braking technologies or systems, such as distrib-uted power and 2-way end-of-train devices. 
(B) Data and modeling results on business 
benefits, including the effects of dynamic brak-ing. 
(C) Data on costs, including up-front capital 
costs and on-going maintenance costs. 
(D) Analysis of potential operational chal-
lenges, including the effects of potential loco-motive and car segregation, technical reliability issues, and network disruptions. 
(E) Analysis of potential implementation chal-
lenges, including installation time, positive train control integration complexities, component availability issues, and tank car shop capabili-ties. 
(F) Analysis of international experiences with 
the use of advanced braking technologies. 
(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Govern-ment Accountability Office shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the independent evaluation under paragraph (1). 
(b) E
MERGENCY BRAKING APPLICATION TEST-
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall enter into an agreement with the NCRRP Board— (A) to complete testing of ECP brake systems 
during emergency braking application, includ-ing more than 1 scenario involving the uncou-pling of a train with 70 or more DOT–117-speci-fication or DOT–117R-specification tank cars; and 
(B) to transmit, not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the testing. 
(2) I
NDEPENDENT EXPERTS .—In completing the 
testing under paragraph (1), the NCRRP Board may contract with 1 or more engineering or rail experts, as appropriate, with relevant experience in conducting railroad safety technology tests or similar crash tests. 
(3) T
ESTING FRAMEWORK .—In completing the 
testing under paragraph (1), the NCRRP Board and each contractor described in paragraph (2) shall ensure that the testing objectively, accu-rately, and reliably measures the performance of ECP brake systems relative to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2-way end-of-train devices, including differences in— 
(A) the number of cars derailed; (B) the number of cars punctured; (C) the measures of in-train forces; and (D) the stopping distance. (4) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall require, as 
part of the agreement under paragraph (1), that the NCRRP Board fund the testing required under this section— 
(A) using such sums made available under sec-
tion 24910 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) to the extent funding under subparagraph 
(A) is insufficient or unavailable to fund the testing required under this section, using such sums as are necessary from the amounts appro-priated to the Office of the Secretary. 
(5) E
QUIPMENT .—The NCRRP Board and each 
contractor described in paragraph (2) may re-ceive or use rolling stock, track, and other equipment or infrastructure from a private enti-ty for the purposes of conducting the testing re-quired under this section. 
(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED APPROACH .— 
(1) A NALYSIS .—The Secretary shall— 
(A) not later than 90 days after the report 
date, fully incorporate and reflect the findings from both reports into a draft updated regu-latory impact analysis of the effects of the ap-plicable ECP brake system requirements; 
(B) as soon as practicable after completion of 
the draft updated analysis under subparagraph (A), solicit public comment on the analysis for a period of not more than 30 days; and 
(C) not later than 60 days after the end of the 
public comment period, post the final updated regulatory impact analysis on the Department of Transportation Web site. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the report date, the Secretary shall— 
(A) determine, based on whether the final reg-
ulatory impact analysis described in paragraph (1)(C) demonstrates that the benefits, including safety benefits, of the applicable ECP brake sys-tem requirements exceed their costs, whether the applicable ECP brake system requirements are justified; and 
(B)(i) if the applicable ECP brake system re-
quirements are justified, publish in the Federal Register the determination with the reasons for it; or 
(ii) if the Secretary does not publish the deter-
mination under clause (i), repeal the applicable ECP brake system requirements. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE ECP BRAKE SYSTEM REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The term ‘‘applicable brake system re-
quirements’’ means sections 174.310(a)(3)(ii), 174.310(a)(3)(iii), 174.310(a)(5)(v), 179.102–10, 179.202–12(g), and 179.202–13(i) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and any other regula-tion in effect on the date of enactment of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7494 November 3, 2015 
Act requiring the installation of ECP brakes or 
operation in ECP brake mode. 
(2) C LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) ECP.—The term ‘‘ECP’’ means electroni-
cally-controlled pneumatic when applied to a brake or brakes. 
(4) ECP 
BRAKE MODE .—The term ‘‘ECP brake 
mode’’ includes any operation of a rail car or an entire train using an ECP brake system. 
(5) ECP 
BRAKE SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ECP brake sys-
tem’’ means a train power braking system actu-ated by compressed air and controlled by elec-tronic signals from the locomotive or an ECP– EOT to the cars in the consist for service and emergency applications in which the brake pipe is used to provide a constant supply of com-pressed air to the reservoirs on each car but does not convey braking signals to the car. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ECP brake sys-
tem’’ includes dual mode and stand-alone ECP brake systems. 
(6) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE UNIT TRAIN .— 
The term ‘‘high-hazard flammable unit train’’ means a single train transporting 70 or more loaded tank cars containing Class 3 flammable liquid. 
(7) NCRRP 
BOARD .—The term ‘‘NCRRP 
Board’’ means the independent governing board of the National Cooperative Rail Research Pro-gram. 
(8) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(9) R
EPORT DATE .—The term ‘‘report date’’ 
means the date that both the report under sub-section (a)(3) and the report under subsection (b)(1)(B) have been transmitted under those sub-sections. 
SEC. 35436. RECORDING DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 201 
is amended by adding after section 20167 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 20168. Installation of audio and image re-
cording devices 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate regulations to require each rail carrier that pro-vides regularly scheduled intercity rail pas-senger or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation to the public to install inward- and out-ward-facing image recording devices in all con-trolling locomotive cabs and cab car operating compartments in such passenger trains. 
‘‘(b) D
EVICE STANDARDS .—Each inward- and 
outward-facing image recording device shall— 
‘‘(1) have a minimum 12-hour continuous re-
cording capability; 
‘‘(2) have crash and fire protections for any 
in-cab image recordings that are stored only within a controlling locomotive cab or cab car operating compartment; and 
‘‘(3) have recordings accessible for review dur-
ing an accident investigation. 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall establish a 
process to review and approve or disapprove an inward- or outward-facing recording device for compliance with the standards described in sub-section (b). 
‘‘(d) U
SES.—A rail carrier that has installed 
an inward- or outward-facing image recording device approved under subsection (c) may use recordings from that inward- or outward-facing image recording device for the following pur-poses: 
‘‘(1) Verifying that train crew actions are in 
accordance with applicable safety laws and the rail carrier’s operating rules and procedures. 
‘‘(2) Assisting in an investigation into the 
causation of a reportable accident or incident. 
‘‘(3) Carrying out efficiency testing and sys-
tem-wide performance monitoring programs. ‘‘(4) Documenting a criminal act or moni-
toring unauthorized occupancy of the control-ling locomotive cab or car operating compart-ment. 
‘‘(5) Other purposes that the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
‘‘(e) V
OLUNTARY IMPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each rail carrier operating 
freight rail service may implement any inward- or outward-facing image recording devices ap-proved under subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED USES .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, each rail carrier may use recordings from an inward- or outward-facing image recording device approved under sub-section (c) for any of the purposes described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(f) D
ISCRETION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) require in-cab audio recording devices 
for the purposes described in subsection (d); and 
‘‘(B) define in appropriate technical detail the 
essential features of the devices required under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) E
XEMPTIONS .—The Secretary may exempt 
any rail passenger carrier or any part of a rail passenger carrier’s operations from the require-ments under subsection (a) if the Secretary de-termines that the rail passenger carrier has im-plemented an alternative technology or practice that provides an equivalent or greater safety benefit or is better suited to the risks of the op-eration. 
‘‘(g) T
AMPERING .—A rail carrier may take ap-
propriate enforcement or administrative action against any employee that tampers with or dis-ables an audio or inward- or outward-facing image recording device installed by the rail car-rier. 
‘‘(h) P
RESERVATION OF DATA.—Each rail pas-
senger carrier subject to the requirements of sub-section (a) shall preserve recording device data for 1 year after the date of a reportable accident or incident. 
‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may not disclose publicly any part of an in-cab audio or image recording or transcript of oral communications by or among train employ-ees or other operating employees responsible for the movement and direction of the train, or be-tween such operating employees and company communication centers, related to an accident investigated by the Secretary. However, the Sec-retary shall make public any part of a tran-script or any written depiction of visual infor-mation that the Secretary decides is relevant to the accident at the time a majority of the other factual reports on the accident are released to the public. 
‘‘(j) P
ROHIBITED USE.—An in-cab audio or 
image recording obtained by a rail carrier under this section may not be used to retaliate against an employee. 
‘‘(k) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed as requiring a rail carrier to cease or restrict operations upon a technical failure of an inward- or outward-facing image recording device. Such rail carrier shall repair or replace the failed inward- or outward-facing image recording device as soon as practicable.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter II of chapter 201 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘20168. Installation of audio and image record-
ing devices.’’. 
SEC. 35437. RAIL PASSENGER TRANSPORTATION 
LIABILITY. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .—Section 28103(a) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking 
‘‘$200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$295,000,000, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (3).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The liability cap under paragraph (2) 
shall be adjusted every 5 years by the Secretary of Transportation to reflect changes in the Con-sumer Price Index-All Urban Consumers. ‘‘(4) The Federal Government shall have no fi-
nancial responsibility for any claims described in paragraph (2).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF RAILPASSENGER TRANSPOR -
TATION .—Section 28103(e) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D EFINITION .— 
’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS .—’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘rail passenger transportation’ 
includes commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102).’’. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—No Federal funds may be 
appropriated for the purpose of paying for the portion of an insurance premium attributable to the increase in allowable awards under the amendments made by subsection (a). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall be effective for any pas-senger rail accident or incident occurring on or after May 12, 2015. 
SEC. 35438. MODIFICATION REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a reporting requirement to mon-itor industry-wide progress toward modifying tank cars used in high-hazard flammable train service by the applicable deadlines or authoriza-tion end dates set in regulation. 
(b) T
ANKCARDATA.—The Secretary shall col-
lect data from shippers and tank car owners on— 
(1) the total number of tank cars modified to 
meet the DOT–117R specification, or equivalent, specifying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank car 
before it was modified, including non-jacketed DOT–111, jacketed DOT–111, non-jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 stand-ard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 3 
flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year; 
(2) the total number of tank cars built to meet 
the DOT–117 specification, or equivalent; and 
(3) the total number of tank cars used or like-
ly to be used in high-hazard flammable train service that have not been modified, speci-fying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank car 
not modified, including the non-jacketed DOT– 111, jacketed DOT–111, non-jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 3 
flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year. 
(c) T
ANK CARSHOP DATA.—The Secretary 
shall conduct a survey of tank car facilities modifying tank cars to the DOT–117R specifica-tion, or equivalent, or building new tank cars to the DOT–117 specification, or equivalent, to generate statistically-valid estimates of the ex-pected number of tank cars those facilities ex-pect to modify to DOT–117R specification, or equivalent, or build to the DOT–117 specifica-tion, or equivalent. 
(d) F
REQUENCY .—The Secretary shall collect 
the data under subsection (b) and conduct the survey under subsection (c) annually until May 1, 2025. 
(e) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall only re-
port data in industry-wide totals and shall treat company-specific information as confidential business information. 
(2) L
EVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure the data collected under sub-section (b) and the survey data under subsection (c) have the same level of confidentiality as con-tained in the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note), as administered by the Bu-reau of Transportation Statistics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7495 November 3, 2015 
(3) D ESIGNEE .—The Secretary may designate 
the Director of the Bureau of Transportation Statistics to collect data under subsection (b) and the survey data under subsection (c) and direct the Director to ensure the confidentially of company-specific information to the max-imum extent permitted by law. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Each year, not later than 60 
days after the date that both the collection of the data under subsection (b) and the survey under subsection (c) are complete, the Secretary shall report on the aggregate results, without company-specific information, to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(2) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE TRAIN .—The 
term ‘‘high-hazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a con-tinuous block or a single train transporting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flam-mable liquid throughout the train consist. 
SEC. 35439. REPORT ON CRUDE OIL CHARACTER-
ISTICS RESEARCH STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the research 
completion of the comprehensive Crude Oil Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study at Sandia National Laboratories, the Secretary of Energy, in cooperation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives that contains— 
(1) the results of the comprehensive Crude Oil 
Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study; and 
(2) recommendations, based on the findings of 
the study, for— 
(A) regulations that should be prescribed by 
the Secretary of Transportation or the Secretary of Energy to improve the safe transport of crude oil; and 
(B) statutes that should be enacted by Con-
gress to improve the safe transport of crude oil. 
PART IV—POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
SEC. 35441. COORDINATION OF SPECTRUM. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary, in coordina-
tion with the Chairman of the Federal Commu-nications Commission, shall assess spectrum needs and availability for implementing positive train control systems (as defined in section 20157(i)(3) of title 49, United States Code). The Secretary and the Chairman may consult with external stakeholders in carrying out this sec-tion. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the assessment con-ducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 35442. UPDATED PLANS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION .—Section 20157(a) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) P LAN REQUIRED .—Each Class I railroad 
carrier and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation shall develop and submit to the Secretary of Transportation a plan for imple-menting a positive train control system by De-cember 31, 2015, governing operations on— 
‘‘(A) its main line over which intercity rail 
passenger transportation or commuter rail pas-senger transportation (as defined in section 
24102) is regularly provided; 
‘‘(B) its main line over which poison- or toxic- 
by-inhalation hazardous materials (as defined in sections 171.8, 173.115, and 173.132 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) are transported; and 
‘‘(C) such other tracks as the Secretary may 
prescribe by regulation or order. 
‘‘(2) I
NTEROPERABILITY AND PRIORITIZATION .— 
The plan shall describe how the railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) will pro-vide for interoperability of the positive train control systems with movements of trains of other railroad carriers over its lines and shall, to the extent practical, implement the positive 
train control systems in a manner that addresses areas of greater risk before areas of lesser risk. 
‘‘(3) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW OF UPDATED  
PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) S UBMISSION OF UPDATED PLANS .—Not-
withstanding the deadline set forth in para-graph (1), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, each Class I railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) may submit to the Secretary an updated plan that amends the plan submitted under para-graph (1) with an updated implementation schedule (as described in paragraph (4)(B)) and milestones or metrics (as described in paragraph (4)(A)) that demonstrate that the railroad car-rier or other entity will implement a positive train control system as soon as practicable, if implementing in accordance with the updated plan will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, successful, and safe implementa-tion. 
‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF UPDATED PLANS .—Not later 
than 150 days after receiving an updated plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall re-view the updated plan and approve or dis-approve it. In determining whether to approve or disapprove the updated plan, the Secretary shall consider whether the railroad carrier or other entity submitting the plan— 
‘‘(i)(I) has encountered technical or pro-
grammatic challenges identified by the Secretary in the 2012 report transmitted to Congress pur-suant to subsection (d); and 
‘‘(II) the challenges referred to in subclause 
(I) have negatively affected the successful im-plementation of positive train control systems; 
‘‘(ii) has demonstrated due diligence in its ef-
fort to implement a positive train control system; 
‘‘(iii) has included in its plan milestones or 
metrics that demonstrate the railroad carrier or other entity will implement a positive train con-trol system as soon as practicable, if imple-menting in accordance with the milestones or metrics will not introduce operational chal-lenges or risks to full, successful, and safe im-plementation; and 
‘‘(iv) has set an implementation schedule in its 
plan that shows the railroad will comply with paragraph (7), if implementing in accordance with the implementation schedule will not intro-duce operational challenges or risks to full, suc-cessful, and safe implementation. 
‘‘(C) M
ODIFICATION OF UPDATED PLANS .—(i) If 
the Secretary has not approved an updated plan under subparagraph (B) within 60 days of re-ceiving the updated plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall immediately— 
‘‘(I) provide a written response to the railroad 
carrier or other entity that identifies the reason for not approving the updated plan and ex-plains any incomplete or deficient items; 
‘‘(II) allow the railroad carrier or other entity 
to submit, within 30 days of receiving the writ-ten response under subclause (I), a modified version of the updated plan for the Secretary’s review; and 
‘‘(III) approve or issue final disapproval for a 
modified version of the updated plan submitted under subclause (II) not later than 60 days after receipt. 
‘‘(ii) During the 60-day period described in 
clause (i)(III), the railroad or other entity that has submitted a modified version of the updated 
plan under clause (i)(II) may make additional modifications, if requested by the Secretary, for the purposes of correcting incomplete or defi-cient items to receive approval. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 30 
days after approving an updated plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make the updated plan available on the website of the Federal Railroad Administration. 
‘‘(E) P
ENDING REVIEWS .—For an applicant 
that submits an updated plan under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall extend the dead-line for implementing a positive train control system at least until the date the Secretary ap-proves or issues final disapproval for the up-dated plan with an updated implementation schedule (as described in paragraph (4)(B)). 
‘‘(F) D
ISAPPROVAL .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity that has its modified version of its updated plan disapproved by the Secretary under subparagraph (C)(i)(III), and that has not implemented a positive train control system by the deadline in subsection (a)(1), is subject to enforcement action authorized under subsection (e). 
‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS OF UPDATED PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) M ILESTONES OR METRICS .—Each updated 
plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall de-scribe the following milestones or metrics: 
‘‘(i) The total number of components that will 
be installed with positive train control by the end of each calendar year until positive train control is fully implemented, with totals sepa-rated by each component category. 
‘‘(ii) The number of employees that will re-
ceive the training, as required under the appli-cable positive train control system regulations, by the end of each calendar year until positive train control is fully implemented. 
‘‘(iii) The calendar year or years in which 
spectrum will be acquired and will be available for use in all areas that it is needed for positive train control implementation, if such spectrum is not already acquired and ready for use. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION SCHEDULE .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall include an implementation schedule that identi-fies the dates by which the railroad carrier or other entity will— 
‘‘(i) fully implement a positive train control 
system; 
‘‘(ii) complete all component installation, con-
sistent with the milestones or metrics described in subparagraph (A)(i); 
‘‘(iii) complete all employee training required 
under the applicable positive train control sys-tem regulations, consistent with the milestones or metrics described in subparagraph (A)(ii); 
‘‘(iv) acquire all necessary spectrum, con-
sistent with the milestones or metrics in sub-paragraph (A)(iii); and 
‘‘(v) activate its positive train control system. ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall include— 
‘‘(i) the total number of positive train control 
components required for implementation, with totals separated by each major component cat-egory; 
‘‘(ii) the total number of employees requiring 
training under the applicable positive train con-trol system regulations; 
‘‘(iii) a summary of the remaining challenges 
to positive train control system implementation, including— 
‘‘(I) testing issues; ‘‘(II) interoperability challenges; ‘‘(III) permitting issues; and ‘‘(IV) certification challenges. ‘‘(D) D
EFINED TERM .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘component’ means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit (including any associ-ated legacy signal system replacements), back office system hardware, a base station radio, a wayside radio, or a locomotive radio. 
‘‘(5) P
LAN IMPLEMENTATION .—The Class I rail-
road carrier or other entity subject to paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7496 November 3, 2015 
(1) shall implement a positive train control sys-
tem in accordance with its plan, including any amendments made to the plan by its updated plan approved by the Secretary under para-graph (3), and subject to section 35443 of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act. 
‘‘(6) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Each Class I railroad 
carrier or other entity with an approved up-dated plan shall submit an annual report to the Secretary that describes the progress made on positive train control implementation, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the extent to which the railroad carrier 
or other entity met or exceeded the metrics or milestones described in paragraph (4)(A); 
‘‘(B) the extent to which the railroad carrier 
or other entity complied with its implementation schedule under paragraph (4)(B); and 
‘‘(C) any update to the information provided 
under paragraph (4)(C). 
‘‘(7) C
ONSTRAINT .—Each updated plan shall 
reflect that the railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) will, not later than De-cember 31, 2018— 
‘‘(A) complete component installation and 
spectrum acquisition; and 
‘‘(B) activate its positive train control system 
without undue delay.’’. 
(b) E
NFORCEMENT .—Section 20157(e) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) E NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary is author-
ized to assess civil penalties pursuant to chapter 213 for the failure to submit or comply with a plan for implementing positive train control under subsection (a), including any amend-ments to the plan made by an updated plan (in-cluding milestones or metrics and an updated implementation schedule) approved by the Sec-retary under paragraph (3) of such subsection, subject to section 35443 of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 20157(i) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) A
CTIVATE .—The term ‘activate’ means to 
initiate the use of a positive train control system in every subdivision or district where the rail-road carrier or other entity is prepared to do so safely, reliably, and successfully, and proceed with revenue service demonstration as necessary for system testing and certification, prior to full implementation.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
20157(g) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONFORMING REGULATORY AMEND -
MENTS .—Immediately after the date of the en-
actment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall remove or revise any references to 
specified dates in the regulations or orders im-plementing this section to the extent necessary to conform with the amendments made by such Act; and 
‘‘(B) may not enforce any such date-specific 
deadlines or requirements that are inconsistent with the amendments made by such Act.’’. 
(e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— 
(1) R ESUBMISSION OF INFORMATION .—Nothing 
in the amendments made by this section may be construed to require a Class I railroad carrier or other entity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, to resubmit in its up-dated plan information from its initial imple-mentation plan that is not changed or affected by the updated plan. The Secretary shall con-sider an updated plan submitted pursuant to paragraph (3) of that section to be an addendum that makes amendments to the initial implemen-tation plan. (2) S
UBMISSION OF NEW PLAN .—Nothing in the 
amendments made by this section may be con-strued to require a Class I railroad carrier or other entity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, to submit a new imple-mentation plan pursuant to the deadline set forth in that section. 
(3) A
PPROVAL .—A railroad carrier or other en-
tity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, that has its updated plan, includ-ing a modified version of the updated plan, ap-proved by the Secretary under subparagraph (B) or subparagraph (C) of paragraph (3) of that section shall not be required to implement a positive train control system by the deadline under paragraph (1) of that section. 
SEC. 35443. EARLY ADOPTION AND INTEROPER-
ABILITY. 
(a) E ARLY ADOPTION .—During the 1-year pe-
riod beginning on the date on which the last railroad carrier’s or other entity’s positive train control system, subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, is certified by the Sec-retary under subsection (h) of such section and implemented on all of that railroad carrier’s or other entity’s lines required to have operations governed by a positive train control system, any railroad carrier or other entity shall not be sub-ject to the operational restrictions set forth in subpart I of part 236 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, that would otherwise apply in the event of a positive train control system compo-nent failure. 
(b) I
NTEROPERABILITY PROCEDURE .—If mul-
tiple railroad carriers operate on a single rail-road line through a trackage or haulage agree-ment, each railroad carrier operating on the railroad line shall not be subject to the oper-ating restrictions set forth in subpart I of part 236 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to the railroad line, until the Secretary certifies that— 
(1) each Class I railroad carrier and each enti-
ty providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation that op-erates on the railroad line is in compliance with its positive train control requirements under sec-tion 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) each Class II or Class III railroad that op-
erates on the railroad line is in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements to equip locomotives operating in positive train control territory; and 
(3) the implementation of any and all positive 
train control systems are interoperable and operational on the railroad line in conformance with each approved implementation plan so that each freight and passenger railroad can operate on the line with that freight or passenger rail-road’s positive train control equipment. 
(c) S
MALL RAILROADS .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall amend section 236.1006(b)(4)(iii)(B) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to equipping locomotives for applicable Class II and Class III railroads operating in positive train control territory) to extend each deadline by 3 years. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
nothing in subsection (a) may be construed to prohibit the Secretary from enforcing the metrics and milestones under section 20157(a)(4)(A) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by sec-tion 35442 of this Act. 
(2) A
CTIVATION .—Beginning on the date in 
which a railroad carrier or other entity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 35442 of this Act, has activated its positive train control system, the railroad carrier or other entity shall not be in violation of its plan, including its updated plan, approved under this Act if implementing such plan introduces operational challenges or risks to full, successful, and safe implementa-tion. SEC. 35444. POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL AT GRADE 
CROSSINGS EFFECTIVENESS STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—After the Secretary certifies that 
each Class I railroad carrier and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or com-muter rail passenger transportation is in compli-ance with the positive train control require-ments under section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Cooperative Rail Research Program Board— 
(1) to conduct a study of the possible effective-
ness of positive train control and related tech-nologies on reducing collisions at highway-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) to submit a report containing the results of 
the study conducted under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(b) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may require, as 
part of the agreement under subsection (a), that the National Cooperative Rail Research Pro-gram Board fund the study required under this section using such sums as may be necessary out of the amounts made available under section 24910 of title 49, United States Code. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
SEC. 35501. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Track, Rail-
road, and Infrastructure Network Act’’. 
SEC. 35502. PRESERVATION OF PUBLIC LANDS. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
taking into consideration any avoidance, mini-mization, and mitigation or enhancement meas-ures incorporated into the program or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .—Improvements to, or 
the maintenance, rehabilitation, or operation of, railroad or rail transit lines or elements of such lines, with the exception of stations, that are in use or were historically used for the transpor-tation of goods or passengers, shall not be con-sidered a use of an historic site under subsection (a), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element of such line is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of Historic Places.’’. 
(b) T
RANSPORTATION PROJECTS .—Section 303 is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) and (e)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
taking into consideration any avoidance, mini-mization, and mitigation or enhancement meas-ures incorporated into the program or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .—Improvements to, or 
the maintenance, rehabilitation, or operation of, railroad or rail transit lines or elements of such lines, with the exception of stations, that are in use or were historically used for the transpor-tation of goods or passengers, shall not be con-sidered a use of an historic site under subsection (c), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element of such line is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of Historic Places.’’. 
SEC. 35503. EFFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ for 
multimodal projects ’’ and inserting ‘‘ and in-
creasing the efficiency of environmental re-views ’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
FFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall apply the project development pro-cedures, to the greatest extent feasible, described in section 139 of title 23, United States Code, to any rail project that requires the approval of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7497 November 3, 2015 
the Secretary of Transportation under the Na-
tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS AND PROCEDURES .—The 
Secretary of Transportation shall incorporate such project development procedures into the agency regulations and procedures pertaining to rail projects. 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICABILITY OF NEPA D ECISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A Department of Transpor-
tation operating administration may apply a categorical exclusion designated by another De-partment of Transportation operating adminis-tration under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) F
INDINGS .—A Department of Transpor-
tation operating administration may adopt, in whole or in part, another Department of Trans-portation operating administration’s Record of Decision, Finding of No Significant Impact, and any associated evaluations, determinations, or findings demonstrating compliance with any law related to environmental review or historic preservation.’’. 
SEC. 35504. ADVANCE ACQUISITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 241 is amended by 
inserting after section 24105 the following— 
‘‘§ 24106. Advance acquisition 
‘‘(a) R AIL CORRIDOR PRESERVATION .—The 
Secretary may assist a recipient of funding in acquiring right-of-way and adjacent real prop-erty interests before or during the completion of the environmental reviews for any project re-ceiving funding under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, that may use such property interests if the acquisition is otherwise permitted under Federal law, and the recipient requesting Federal funding for the acquisition certifies, with the concurrence of the Secretary, that— 
‘‘(1) the recipient has authority to acquire the 
right-of-way or adjacent real property interest; and 
‘‘(2) the acquisition of the right-of-way or ad-
jacent real property interest— 
‘‘(A) is for a transportation or transportation- 
related purpose; 
‘‘(B) will not cause significant adverse envi-
ronmental impact; 
‘‘(C) will not limit the choice of reasonable al-
ternatives for the proposed project or otherwise influence the decision of the Secretary on any approval required for the proposed project; 
‘‘(D) does not prevent the lead agency for the 
review process from making an impartial deci-sion as to whether to accept an alternative that is being considered; 
‘‘(E) complies with other applicable Federal 
law, including regulations; 
‘‘(F) will be acquired through negotiation and 
without the threat of condemnation; and 
‘‘(G) will not result in the elimination or re-
duction of benefits or assistance to a displaced person under the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.). 
‘‘(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLETION OF NEPA REVIEW .—Before 
authorizing any Federal funding for the acqui-sition of a real property interest that is the sub-ject of a grant or other funding under this sub-title, the Secretary shall complete, if required, the review process under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to the acquisition. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLETION OF SECTION 106 .—An acquisi-
tion of a real property interest involving an his-toric site shall not occur unless the section 106 process, if required, under the National Historic Preservation Act (54 U.S.C. 306108) is complete. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING OF ACQUISITIONS .—A real prop-
erty interest acquired under subsection (a) may not be developed in anticipation of the proposed project until all required environmental reviews for the project have been completed.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 241 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 24105 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘24106. Advance acquisition.’’. 
SEC. 35505. RAILROAD RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
Section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(b) O PPORTUNITY TOCOM-
MENT .—’’ before ‘‘The head of the Federal agen-
cy shall afford’’ and indenting accordingly; 
(2) in the matter before subsection (b), by in-
serting ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘The head 
of any Federal agency having direct’’ and in-denting accordingly; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
XEMPTION FOR RAILROAD RIGHTS -OF- 
WAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Track, Railroad, and Infrastructure Network Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a proposed ex-emption of railroad rights-of-way from the re-view under this chapter to the Council for its consideration, consistent with the exemption for interstate highways approved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928). 
‘‘(2) F
INAL EXEMPTION .—Not later than 180 
days after the date that the Secretary submits the proposed exemption under paragraph (1) to the Council, the Council shall issue a final ex-emption of railroad rights-of-way from review under this chapter, consistent with the exemp-tion for interstate highways approved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928).’’. 
SEC. 35506. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this title, or any amendment made 
by this title, shall be construed as superceding, amending, or modifying the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or affect the responsibility of any Federal officer to comply with or enforce any such statute. 
SEC. 35507. TRANSITION. 
Nothing in this title, or any amendment made 
by this title, shall affect any existing environ-mental review process, program, agreement, or funding arrangement approved by the Secretary under title 49, United States Code, as that title was in effect on the day preceding the date of enactment of this subtitle. 
Subtitle F—Financing 
SEC. 35601. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited 
as the ‘‘Railroad Infrastructure Financing Im-provement Act’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES TO THE RAILROAD REVITAL -
IZATION AND REGULATORY REFORM ACT OF  
1976.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this subtitle an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Railroad Revi-talization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, as amended (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
SEC. 35602. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 501 (45 U.S.C. 821) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (10); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as 
paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘investment-grade rating’ means 
a rating of BBB minus, Baa 3, bbb minus, BBB(low), or higher assigned by a rating agen-cy.’’; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (8), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘master credit agreement’ means 
an agreement to make 1 or more direct loans or loan guarantees at future dates for a program of related projects on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) The term ‘project obligation’ means a 
note, bond, debenture, or other debt obligation issued by a borrower in connection with the fi-nancing of a project, other than a direct loan or 
loan guarantee under this title. 
‘‘(12) The term ‘railroad’ has the meaning 
given the term ‘railroad carrier’ in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
‘‘(13) The term ‘rating agency’ means a credit 
rating agency registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a nationally recog-nized statistical rating organization (as defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))). 
‘‘(14) The term ‘substantial completion’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) the opening of a project to passenger or 
freight traffic; or 
‘‘(B) a comparable event, as determined by the 
Secretary and specified in the direct loan.’’. 
SEC. 35603. ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS. 
Section 502(a) (45 U.S.C. 822(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘one rail-
road; and’’ and inserting ‘‘1 of the entities de-scribed in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), or (6);’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(6) solely for the purpose of constructing a 
rail connection between a plant or facility and a rail carrier, limited option freight shippers that own or operate a plant or other facility; and’’. 
SEC. 35604. ELIGIBLE PURPOSES. 
Section 502(b)(1) (45 U.S.C. 822(b)(1)) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, and 
costs related to these activities, including pre- construction costs’’ after ‘‘shops’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A); or’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A) or (C);’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) reimburse planning and design expenses 
relating to projects described in subparagraph (A) or (C).’’. 
SEC. 35605. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURES .— 
Section 502(i) (45 U.S.C. 822(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION STATUS NOTICES .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date that the Secretary receives an application under this section, the Secretary shall provide the applicant written notice as to whether the application is complete or incomplete. 
‘‘(2) I
NCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS .—If the Sec-
retary determines that an application is incom-plete, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide the applicant with a description 
of all of the specific information or material that is needed to complete the application; and 
‘‘(B) allow the applicant to resubmit the infor-
mation and material described under subpara-graph (A) to complete the application. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION APPROVALS AND DIS -
APPROVALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date the Secretary notifies an appli-cant that an application is complete under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide the applicant written notice as to whether the Sec-retary has approved or disapproved the applica-tion. 
‘‘(B) A
CTIONS BY THE OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
AND BUDGET .—In order to enable compliance 
with the time limit under subparagraph (A), the Office of Management and Budget shall take any action required with respect to the applica-tion within that 60-day period. 
‘‘(4) E
XPEDITED PROCESSING .—The Secretary 
shall implement procedures and measures to economize the time and cost involved in obtain-ing an approval or a disapproval of credit as-sistance under this title. 
‘‘(5) D
ASHBOARD .—The Secretary shall post on 
the Department of Transportation’s public Web 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7498 November 3, 2015 
site a monthly report that includes for each ap-
plication— 
‘‘(A) the name of the applicant or applicants; ‘‘(B) the location of the project; ‘‘(C) a brief description of the project, includ-
ing its purpose; 
‘‘(D) the requested direct loan or loan guar-
antee amount; 
‘‘(E) the date on which the Secretary provided 
application status notice under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(F) the date that the Secretary provided no-
tice of approval or disapproval under paragraph (3).’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF DIRECT LOANS AND  
LOANGUARANTEES .—Section 503 (45 U.S.C. 823) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘, including a program guide and standard term sheet and specific time-tables.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) through (l) 
as subsections (d) through (m), respectively; 
(3) by striking ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF LOAN 
GUARANTEES .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) A SSIGNMENT  
OFLOANGUARANTEES .—’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the modification cost has been covered 
under section 502(f).’’; and 
(5) by amending subsection (l), as redesig-
nated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(l) C
HARGES AND LOANSERVICING .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSES .—The Secretary may collect 
and spend from each applicant, obligor, or loan party a reasonable charge for— 
‘‘(A) the cost of evaluating the application, 
amendments, modifications, and waivers, in-cluding for evaluating project viability, appli-cant creditworthiness, and the appraisal of the value of the equipment or facilities for which the direct loan or loan guarantee is sought, and for making necessary determinations and find-ings; 
‘‘(B) the cost of award management and 
project management oversight; 
‘‘(C) the cost of services from expert firms, in-
cluding counsel, and independent financial ad-visors to assist in the underwriting, auditing, servicing, and exercise of rights with respect to direct loans and loan guarantees; and 
‘‘(D) the cost of all other expenses incurred as 
a result of a breach of any term or condition or any event of default on a direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary may charge 
different amounts under this subsection based on the different costs incurred under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
ERVICER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may appoint 
a financial entity to assist the Secretary in serv-icing a direct loan or loan guarantee under this section. 
‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—A servicer appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall act as the agent of the Secretary in serving a direct loan or loan guar-antee under this section. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A servicer appointed under sub-
paragraph (A) shall receive a servicing fee from the obligor or other loan party, subject to ap-proval by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) S
AFETY AND OPERATIONS ACCOUNT .— 
Amounts collected under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) be credited directly to the Safety and Op-
erations account of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration; and 
‘‘(B) remain available until expended to pay 
for the costs described in this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 35606. LOAN TERMS AND REPAYMENT. 
(a) P REREQUISITES FOR ASSISTANCE .—Section 
502(g)(1) (45 U.S.C. 822(g)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘35 years from the date of its execu-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘the lesser of 35 years after 
the date of substantial completion of the project or the estimated useful life of the rail equipment or facilities to be acquired, rehabilitated, im-proved, developed, or established’’. 
(b) R
EPAYMENT SCHEDULES .—Section 502(j) (45 
U.S.C. 822(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the sixth 
anniversary date of the original loan disburse-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years after the date of substantial completion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFERRED PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If at any time after the 
date of substantial completion the project is un-able to generate sufficient revenues to pay the scheduled loan repayments of principal and in-terest on the direct loan, the Secretary, subject to subparagraph (B), may allow, for a maximum aggregate time of 1 year over the duration of the direct loan, the obligor to add unpaid principal and interest to the outstanding balance of the direct loan. 
‘‘(B) I
NTEREST .—A payment deferred under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) continue to accrue interest under para-
graph (2) until the loan is fully repaid; and 
‘‘(ii) be scheduled to be amortized over the re-
maining term of the loan. 
‘‘(4) P REPAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF EXCESS REVENUES .—Any excess 
revenues that remain after satisfying scheduled debt service requirements on the project obliga-tions and direct loan and all deposit require-ments under the terms of any trust agreement, bond resolution, or similar agreement securing project obligations may be applied annually to prepay the direct loan without penalty. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PROCEEDS OF REFINANCING .—The 
direct loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty from the proceeds of refinancing from non-Federal funding sources.’’. 
(c) S
ALE OF DIRECT LOANS.—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) S
ALE OF DIRECT LOANS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) 
and as soon as practicable after substantial completion of a project, the Secretary, after no-tifying the obligor, may sell to another entity or reoffer into the capital markets a direct loan for the project if the Secretary determines that the sale or reoffering has a high probability of being made on favorable terms. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSENT OF OBLIGOR .—In making a sale 
or reoffering under paragraph (1), the Secretary may not change the original terms and condi-tions of the secured loan without the prior writ-ten consent of the obligor’’. 
(d) N
ONSUBORDINATION .—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822), as amended in subsection (c), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(l) N
ONSUBORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2)(B), a direct loan shall not be subordi-nated to the claims of any holder of project obli-gations in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation of the obligor. 
‘‘(2) P
REEXISTING INDENTURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement under paragraph (1) for a pub-lic agency borrower that is financing ongoing capital programs and has outstanding senior bonds under a preexisting indenture if— 
‘‘(i) the direct loan is rated in the A category 
or higher; 
‘‘(ii) the direct loan is secured and payable 
from pledged revenues not affected by project performance, such as a tax-based revenue pledge or a system-backed pledge of project reve-nues; and 
‘‘(iii) the program share, under this title, of el-
igible project costs is 50 percent or less. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may impose 
limitations for the waiver of the nonsubordina-tion requirement under this paragraph if the Secretary determines that such limitations would be in the financial interest of the Federal 
Government.’’. 
SEC. 35607. CREDIT RISK PREMIUMS. 
Section 502(f) (45 U.S.C. 822(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by amending the first 
sentence to read as follows: ‘‘In lieu of or in combination with appropriations of budget au-thority to cover the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees as required under section 504(b)(1) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661c(b)(1)), including the cost of a modification thereof, the Secretary may accept on behalf of an applicant for assistance under this section a commitment from a non-Federal source, including a State or local government or agency or public benefit corporation or public authority thereof, to fund in whole or in part credit risk premiums and modification costs with respect to the loan that is the subject of the ap-plication or modification.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as sub-
paragraph (E); 
(3) by striking paragraph (4); (4) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
REDITWORTHINESS .—An applicant may 
propose and the Secretary may accept as a basis for determining the amount of the credit risk premium under paragraph (2) any of the fol-lowing in addition to the value of any tangible asset: 
‘‘(A) The net present value of a future stream 
of State or local subsidy income or other dedi-cated revenues to secure the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(B) Adequate coverage requirements to en-
sure repayment, on a non-recourse basis, from cash flows generated by the project or any other dedicated revenue source, including— 
‘‘(i) tolls; ‘‘(ii) user fees; or ‘‘(iii) payments owing to the obligor under a 
public-private partnership. 
‘‘(C) An investment-grade rating on the direct 
loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, except that if the total amount of the direct loan or loan guarantee is greater than $75,000,000, the applicant shall have an investment-grade rating from at least 2 rating agencies on the direct loan or loan guarantee.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘amounts (and in the case of a modification, before the modifica-tion is executed), to the extent appropriations are not available to the Secretary to meet the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees, in-cluding costs of modifications thereof’’. 
SEC. 35608. MASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS. 
Section 502 (45 U.S.C. 822), as amended by 
subsections (c) and (d) of section 35606 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to section 502(d) 
and paragraph (2) of this subsection, the Sec-retary may enter into a master credit agreement that is contingent on all of the conditions for the provision of a direct loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, under this title and other applica-ble requirements being satisfied prior to the issuance of the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS .—Each master credit agree-
ment shall— 
‘‘(A) establish the maximum amount and gen-
eral terms and conditions of each applicable di-rect loan or loan guarantee; 
‘‘(B) identify 1 or more dedicated non-Federal 
revenue sources that will secure the repayment of each applicable direct loan or loan guar-antee; 
‘‘(C) provide for the obligation of funds for 
the direct loans or loan guarantees contingent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7499 November 3, 2015 
on and after all requirements have been met for 
the projects subject to the master credit agree-ment; and 
‘‘(D) provide 1 or more dates, as determined by 
the Secretary, before which the master credit agreement results in each of the direct loans or loan guarantees or in the release of the master credit agreement.’’. 
SEC. 35609. PRIORITIES AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) P RIORITY PROJECTS .—Section 502(c) (45 
U.S.C. 822(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including 
projects for the installation of a positive train control system (as defined in section 20157(i) of title 49, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘public safe-ty’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as 
paragraphs (3) and (2), respectively; 
(3) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘or chapter 
227 of title 49’’ after ‘‘section 135 of title 23’’; 
(4) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through 
(8) as paragraphs (7) through (9), respectively; and 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) improve railroad stations and passenger 
facilities and increase transit-oriented develop-ment;’’. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS OF ASSISTANCE .—Section 
502(h) (45 U.S.C. 822(h)) is amended in para-graph (2), by inserting ‘‘, if applicable’’ after ‘‘project’’. 
SEC. 35610. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), this subtitle, and the amendments made by this subtitle, shall not affect any direct loan (or direct loan obligation) or an out-standing loan guarantee (or loan guarantee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. Any such transaction entered into before the date of enactment of this Act shall be administered until completion under its terms as if this Act were not enacted. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION COSTS.—At the discretion of 
the Secretary, the authority to accept modifica-tion costs on behalf of an applicant under sec-tion 502(f) of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(f)), as amended by section 35607 of this Act, may apply with respect to any direct loan (or direct loan obligation) or an outstanding loan guar-antee (or loan guarantee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
DIVISION D—FREIGHT AND MAJOR 
PROJECTS 
TITLE XLI—FREIGHT POLICY 
SEC. 41001. ESTABLISHMENT OF FREIGHT CHAP-
TER. 
(a) F REIGHT .—Subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after chap-ter 53 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 54—FREIGHT 
‘‘5401. Definitions. 
‘‘5402. National multimodal freight policy. ‘‘5403. National multimodal freight network. ‘‘5404. National freight strategic plan. ‘‘5405. State freight advisory committees. ‘‘5406. State freight plans. ‘‘5407. Transportation investment planning and 
data tools. 
‘‘5408. Savings provision. ‘‘5409. Assistance for freight projects. 
‘‘§ 5401. Definitions 
‘‘In this chapter: 
‘‘(1) E
CONOMIC COMPETITIVENESS .—The term 
‘economic competitiveness’ means the ability of the economy to efficiently move freight and peo-ple, produce goods, and deliver services, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) reductions in the travel time of freight; ‘‘(B) reductions in the congestion caused by 
the movement of freight; 
‘‘(C) improvements to freight travel time reli-
ability; and ‘‘(D) reductions in freight transportation costs 
due to congestion and insufficient infrastruc-ture. 
‘‘(2) F
REIGHT .—The term ‘freight’ means the 
commercial transportation of cargo, including agricultural, manufactured, retail, or other goods by vessel, vehicle, pipeline, or rail. 
‘‘(3) F
REIGHT TRANSPORTATION MODES .—The 
term ‘freight transportation modes’ means— 
‘‘(A) the infrastructure supporting any mode 
of transportation that moves freight, including highways, ports, waterways, rail facilities, and pipelines; and 
‘‘(B) any vehicles or equipment transporting 
goods on such infrastructure. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT NETWORK .— 
The term ‘national highway freight network’ means the network established under section 167 of title 23. 
‘‘(5) N
ATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT NET -
WORK .—The term ‘national multimodal freight 
network’ means the network established under section 5403. 
‘‘(6) N
ATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT STRA -
TEGIC PLAN .—The term ‘national multimodal 
freight strategic plan’ means the strategic plan developed under section 5404. 
‘‘(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Transportation. 
‘‘(8) S TATE.—The term ‘State’ means a State of 
the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for subtitle III of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to chapter 53 the following: 
‘‘54. Freight ........................................ 5401’’. 
SEC. 41002. NATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
POLICY. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as added by section 41001, is amended by adding after section 5401 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5402. National multimodal freight policy 
‘‘(a) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United 
States— 
‘‘(1) to support investment to maintain and 
improve the condition and performance of the national multimodal freight network; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that the United States maxi-
mizes its competitiveness in the global economy by increasing the overall productivity and connectivity of the national freight system; and 
‘‘(3) to pursue the goals described in sub-
section (b). 
‘‘(b) G
OALS.—The national multimodal freight 
policy has the following goals: 
‘‘(1) To enhance the economic competitiveness 
of the United States by investing in infrastruc-ture improvements and implementing oper-ational improvements on the freight network of the United States that achieve 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(A) Strengthen the contribution of the na-
tional freight network to the economic competi-tiveness of the United States. 
‘‘(B) Reduce congestion and relieve bottle-
necks in the freight transportation system. 
‘‘(C) Reduce the cost of freight transportation. ‘‘(D) Improve the reliability of freight trans-
portation. 
‘‘(E) Increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that create jobs. 
‘‘(2) To improve the safety, security, effi-
ciency, and resiliency of freight transportation in rural and urban areas. 
‘‘(3) To improve the condition of the national 
freight network. 
‘‘(4) To use advanced technology to improve 
the safety and efficiency of the national freight network. 
‘‘(5) To incorporate concepts of performance, 
innovation, competition, and accountability into the operation and maintenance of the national 
freight network. 
‘‘(6) To improve the efficiency and produc-
tivity of the national freight network. 
‘‘(7) To pursue these goals in a manner that is 
not burdensome to State and local governments. 
‘‘(c) S
TRATEGIES .—The United States may 
achieve the goals described in subsection (b) by— 
‘‘(1) providing funding to maintain and im-
prove freight infrastructure facilities; 
‘‘(2) implementing appropriate safety, envi-
ronmental, energy and other transportation policies; 
‘‘(3) utilizing advanced technology and inno-
vation; 
‘‘(4) promoting workforce development; and ‘‘(5) using performance management activities. ‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Under Secretary 
for Policy, who shall be responsible for the over-sight and implementation of the national multimodal freight policy, shall— 
‘‘(1) assist with the coordination of modal 
freight planning; 
‘‘(2) ensure consistent, expedited review of 
multimodal freight projects; 
‘‘(3) review the project planning and approval 
processes at each modal administration to iden-tify modeling and metric inconsistencies, ap-provals, and terminology differences that could hamper multimodal project approval; 
‘‘(4) identify interagency data sharing oppor-
tunities to promote freight planning and coordi-nation; 
‘‘(5) identify multimodal efforts and connec-
tions; 
‘‘(6) designate the lead agency for multimodal 
freight projects; 
‘‘(7) develop recommendations for State incen-
tives for multimodal planning efforts, which may include— 
‘‘(A) reducing the State cost share; or ‘‘(B) expediting the review of agreements for 
multimodal or freight specific projects; 
‘‘(8) explore opportunities within existing 
legal authorities to reduce project delays by issuing categorical exclusions or allowing self- certifications of right-of-way acquisitions for freight projects; and 
‘‘(9) submit a report to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives that identifies required reports, statutory requirements, and other limitations on efficient freight project delivery that could be streamlined or consolidated.’’. 
SEC. 41003. NATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
NETWORK. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as amended by section 41002, is amended by adding after section 5402 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5403. National multimodal freight network 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a national freight network, in accordance with this section— 
‘‘(1) to assist States in strategically directing 
resources toward improved system performance for the efficient movement of freight on trans-portation networks; 
‘‘(2) to inform freight transportation plan-
ning; 
‘‘(3) to assist in the prioritization of Federal 
investment; and 
‘‘(4) to assess and support Federal investments 
to achieve the national multimodal freight pol-icy goals described in section 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23. 
‘‘(b) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The national 
multimodal freight network established under this section shall consist of all connectors, cor-ridors, and facilities in all freight transportation modes that are the most critical to the current and future movement of freight, including the national highway freight network, to achieve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7500 November 3, 2015 
the national multimodal freight policy goals de-
scribed in section 5402(b) of this title and in sec-tion 150(b) of title 23. 
‘‘(c) I
NITIAL DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary, after soliciting input from stake-holders, including multimodal freight system users, transport providers, metropolitan plan-ning organizations, local governments, ports, airports, railroads, and States, through a public process to identify critical freight facilities and corridors that are vital to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in sec-tion 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23, and after providing notice and oppor-tunity for comment on a draft system, shall des-ignate a primary freight system with the goal of— 
‘‘(A) improving network and intermodal 
connectivity; and 
‘‘(B) using measurable data as part of the as-
sessment of the significance of freight move-ment, including the consideration of points of origin, destination, and linking components of domestic and international supply chains. 
‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—In designating or redesig-
nating a primary freight system, the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) origins and destinations of freight move-
ment within, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(B) volume, value, tonnage, and the strategic 
importance of freight; 
‘‘(C) access to border crossings, airports, sea-
ports, and pipelines; 
‘‘(D) economic factors, including balance of 
trade; 
‘‘(E) access to major areas for manufacturing, 
agriculture, or natural resources; 
‘‘(F) access to energy exploration, develop-
ment, installation, and production areas; 
‘‘(G) intermodal links and intersections that 
promote connectivity; 
‘‘(H) freight choke points and other impedi-
ments contributing to significant measurable congestion, delay in freight movement, or ineffi-cient modal connections; 
‘‘(I) impacts on all freight transportation 
modes and modes that share significant freight infrastructure; 
‘‘(J) elements and transportation corridors 
identified by a multi-State coalition, a State, a State advisory committee, or a metropolitan planning organization, using national or local data, as having critical freight importance to the region; 
‘‘(K) intermodal connectors, major distribu-
tion centers, inland intermodal facilities, and first- and last-mile facilities; 
‘‘(L) the annual average daily truck traffic on 
principal arterials; and 
‘‘(M) the significance of goods movement, in-
cluding consideration of global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—A des-
ignation may be made under this subsection if the freight transportation facility or infrastruc-ture being considered— 
‘‘(A) is in an urbanized area, regardless of 
population; 
‘‘(B) has been designated under subsection (d) 
as a critical rural freight corridor; 
‘‘(C) connects an intermodal facility to— ‘‘(i) the primary freight network; or ‘‘(ii) an intermodal freight facility; ‘‘(D)(i) is located within a corridor of a route 
on the primary freight network; and 
‘‘(ii) provides an alternative option important 
to goods movement; 
‘‘(E) serves a major freight generator, logistic 
center, agricultural region, or manufacturing, warehouse, or industrial land; or 
‘‘(F) is important to the movement of freight 
within a State or metropolitan region, as deter-mined by the State or the metropolitan planning organization. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In designating or re-
designating the primary freight system under subsection (e), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) use, to the extent practicable, measurable 
data to assess the significance of goods move-ment, including the consideration of points of origin, destination, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains; 
‘‘(B) consider— ‘‘(i) the factors described in subsection (c)(2); 
and 
‘‘(ii) any changes in the economy or freight 
transportation network demand; and 
‘‘(C) provide the States with an opportunity to 
submit proposed designations in accordance with paragraph (5). 
‘‘(5) S
TATE INPUT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State that proposes 
increased designations on the primary freight system shall— 
‘‘(i) consider nominations for additional des-
ignations from metropolitan planning organiza-tions and State freight advisory committees within the State; 
‘‘(ii) consider nominations for the additional 
designations from owners and operators of port, rail, pipeline, and airport facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) ensure that additional designations are 
consistent with the State Transportation Im-provement Program or freight plan. 
‘‘(B) R
EVISIONS .—States may revise routes cer-
tified under section 4006 of the Intermodal Sur-face Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (Pub-lic Law 102–240; 105 Stat. 2148) to conform with the designated freight system under this section. 
‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION AND CERTIFICATION .—Each 
State shall submit to the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) a list of the additional designations added 
under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) certification that— ‘‘(I) the State has satisfied the requirements 
under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(II) the designations referred to in clause (i) 
address the factors for redesignation described in subsection (c)(3). 
‘‘(d) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT CORRIDORS .—A 
State may designate freight transportation in-frastructure or facilities within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road or facility— 
‘‘(1) is a rural principal arterial roadway or 
facility; 
‘‘(2) provides access or service to energy explo-
ration, development, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(3) provides access or service to— ‘‘(A) a grain elevator; ‘‘(B) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(C) a mining facility; ‘‘(D) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(E) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(4) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(5) provides access to significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
‘‘(6) has been determined by the State to be 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(e) R
EDESIGNATION OF PRIMARY FREIGHT  
SYSTEM .—Beginning on the date that is 5 years 
after the initial designation under subsection (c), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary, using the designation factors described in sub-section (c)(3), shall redesignate the primary freight system.’’. 
TITLE XLII—PLANNING 
SEC. 42001. NATIONAL FREIGHT STRATEGIC PLAN. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by title XLI), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5404. National freight strategic plan 
‘‘(a) I
NITIAL DEVELOPMENT OF NATIONAL  
FREIGHT STRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary, in consultation with State departments of transportation, metropolitan planning organizations, and other appropriate public and private transportation stakeholders, shall develop, after providing opportunity for 
notice and comment on a draft national freight strategic plan, and post on the public website of the Department of Transportation a national freight strategic plan that includes— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of the condition and per-
formance of the national multimodal freight net-work; 
‘‘(2) an identification of bottlenecks on the 
national multimodal freight network that create significant freight congestion based on a quan-titative methodology developed by the Secretary, which shall, at a minimum, include— 
‘‘(A) information from the Freight Analysis 
Framework of the Federal Highway Administra-tion; and 
‘‘(B) to the maximum extent practicable, an 
estimate of the cost of addressing each bottle-neck and any operational improvements that could be implemented; 
‘‘(3) a forecast of freight volumes, based on 
the most recent data available, for— 
‘‘(A) the 5-year period beginning in the year 
during which the plan is issued; and 
‘‘(B) if practicable, for the 10- and 20-year pe-
riod beginning in the year during which the plan is issued; 
‘‘(4) an identification of major trade gateways 
and national freight corridors that connect major economic corridors, population centers, trade gateways, and other major freight genera-tors for current and forecasted traffic and freight volumes, the identification of which shall be revised, as appropriate, in subsequent plans; 
‘‘(5) an assessment of statutory, regulatory, 
technological, institutional, financial, and other barriers to improved freight transportation per-formance (including opportunities for over-coming the barriers); 
‘‘(6) an identification of routes providing ac-
cess to energy exploration, development, instal-lation, or production areas; 
‘‘(7) routes for providing access to major areas 
for manufacturing, agriculture, or natural re-sources; 
‘‘(8) best practices for improving the perform-
ance of the national freight network; 
‘‘(9) best practices to mitigate the impacts of 
freight movement on communities; 
‘‘(10) a process for addressing multistate 
projects and encouraging jurisdictions to col-laborate on multistate projects; 
‘‘(11) identification of locations or areas with 
congestion involving freight traffic, and strate-gies to address those issues; 
‘‘(12) strategies to improve freight intermodal 
connectivity; and 
‘‘(13) best practices for improving the perform-
ance of the national multimodal freight network and rural and urban access to critical freight corridors. 
‘‘(b) U
PDATES TO NATIONAL FREIGHT STRA-
TEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 5 years after the 
date of completion of the first national multimodal freight strategic plan under sub-section (a) and every 5 years thereafter, the Sec-retary shall update and repost on the public website of the Department of Transportation a revised national freight strategic plan.’’. 
SEC. 42002. STATE FREIGHT ADVISORY COMMIT-
TEES. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42001), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5405. State freight advisory committees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State shall establish 
a freight advisory committee consisting of a rep-resentative cross-section of public and private sector freight stakeholders, including represent-atives of ports, third party logistics providers, shippers, carriers, freight-related associations, the freight industry workforce, the transpor-tation department of the State, and local gov-ernments. 
‘‘(b) R
OLE OF COMMITTEE .—A freight advisory 
committee of a State described in subsection (a) shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7501 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(1) advise the State on freight-related prior-
ities, issues, projects, and funding needs; 
‘‘(2) serve as a forum for discussion for State 
transportation decisions affecting freight mobil-ity; 
‘‘(3) communicate and coordinate regional pri-
orities with other organizations; 
‘‘(4) promote the sharing of information be-
tween the private and public sectors on freight issues; and 
‘‘(5) participate in the development of the 
freight plan of the State described in section 5406.’’. 
SEC. 42003. STATE FREIGHT PLANS. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42002), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5406. State freight plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State shall develop a 
freight plan that provides a comprehensive plan for the immediate and long-range planning ac-tivities and investments of the State with respect to freight. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN CONTENTS .—A freight plan de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues with respect to the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies, strat-
egies, and performance measures that will guide the freight-related transportation investment de-cisions of the State; 
‘‘(3) when applicable, a listing of critical rural 
and urban freight corridors designated within the State under section 5403 of this title or sec-tion 167 of title 23; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the plan will im-
prove the ability of the State to meet the na-tional freight goals established under section 5402(b) of this title and section 150(b) of title 23; 
‘‘(5) a description of how innovative tech-
nologies and operational strategies, including freight intelligent transportation systems, that improve the safety and efficiency of freight movement, were considered; 
‘‘(6) in the case of roadways on which travel 
by heavy vehicles (including mining, agricul-tural, energy cargo or equipment, and timber ve-hicles) is projected to substantially deteriorate the condition of roadways, a description of im-provements that may be required to reduce or impede the deterioration; 
‘‘(7) an inventory of facilities with freight mo-
bility issues, such as bottlenecks, within the State, and where the facilities are State owned or operated, a description of the strategies the State is employing to address those freight mo-bility issues; 
‘‘(8) consideration of any significant conges-
tion or delay caused by freight movements and any strategies to mitigate that congestion or delay; and 
‘‘(9) a freight investment plan that, subject to 
subsection (c)(2), includes a list of priority projects and describes how funds made available to carry out section 167 of title 23 would be in-vested and matched. 
‘‘(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LONG-RANGE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I NCORPORATION .—A State freight plan de-
scribed in subsection (a) may be developed sepa-rately from or incorporated into the statewide strategic long-range transportation plan re-quired by section 135 of title 23. 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—The freight invest-
ment plan component of a freight plan shall in-clude a project, or an identified phase of a project, only if funding for completion of the project can reasonably be anticipated to be available for the project within the time period identified in the freight investment plan. 
‘‘(d) P
LANNING PERIOD .—The freight plan 
shall address a 5-year forecast period. 
‘‘(e) U PDATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall update the 
freight plan not less frequently than once every 5 years. ‘‘(2) F
REIGHT INVESTMENT PLAN .—A State may 
update the freight investment plan more fre-quently than is required under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 42004. FREIGHT DATA AND TOOLS. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42003), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5407. Transportation investment data and 
planning tools 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) begin development of new tools and im-
provement of existing tools to support an out-come-oriented, performance-based approach to evaluate proposed freight-related and other transportation projects, including— 
‘‘(A) methodologies for systematic analysis of 
benefits and costs on a national or regional basis; 
‘‘(B) tools for ensuring that the evaluation of 
freight-related and other transportation projects could consider safety, economic competitiveness, urban and rural access, environmental sustain-ability, and system condition in the project se-lection process; 
‘‘(C) improved methods for data collection and 
trend analysis; 
‘‘(D) encouragement of public-private partner-
ships to carry out data sharing activities while maintaining the confidentiality of all propri-etary data; and 
‘‘(E) other tools to assist in effective transpor-
tation planning; 
‘‘(2) identify transportation-related model 
data elements to support a broad range of eval-uation methods and techniques to assist in mak-ing transportation investment decisions; and 
‘‘(3) at a minimum, in consultation with other 
relevant Federal agencies, consider any im-provements to existing freight flow data collec-tion efforts that could reduce identified freight data gaps and deficiencies and help improve forecasts of freight transportation demand. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-
sult with Federal, State, and other stakeholders to develop, improve, and implement the tools and collect the data described in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 42005. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42004), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5408. Savings provision 
‘‘Nothing in this chapter provides additional 
authority to regulate or direct private activity on freight networks designated by this chap-ter.’’. 
TITLE XLIII—FORMULA FREIGHT 
PROGRAM 
SEC. 43001. NATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 167 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 167. National highway freight program 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—It is the policy of the 
United States to improve the condition and per-formance of the national highway freight net-work to ensure that the national freight net-work provides the foundation for the United States to compete in the global economy and achieve each goal described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—In support of the goals 
described in subsection (b), the Federal High-way Administrator (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall establish a national highway freight program in accordance with this section to improve the efficient movement of freight on the national highway freight net-work. 
‘‘(b) G
OALS.—The goals of the national high-
way freight program are— 
‘‘(1) to invest in infrastructure improvements 
and to implement operational improvements on the highways of the United States that— ‘‘(A) strengthen the contribution of the na-
tional highway freight network to the economic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(B) reduce congestion and relieve bottlenecks 
in the freight transportation system; 
‘‘(C) reduce the cost of freight transportation; ‘‘(D) improve the reliability of freight trans-
portation; and 
‘‘(E) increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that create high-value jobs; 
‘‘(2) to improve the safety, security, efficiency, 
and resiliency of freight transportation in rural and urban areas; 
‘‘(3) to improve the state of good repair of the 
national highway freight network; 
‘‘(4) to use advanced technology to improve 
the safety and efficiency of the national high-way freight network; 
‘‘(5) to incorporate concepts of performance, 
innovation, competition, and accountability into the operation and maintenance of the national highway freight network; 
‘‘(6) to improve the efficiency and productivity 
of the national highway freight network; and 
‘‘(7) to reduce the environmental impacts of 
freight movement. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF A NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-
tablish a national highway freight network in accordance with this section to assist States in strategically directing resources toward im-proved system performance for efficient move-ment of freight on highways. 
‘‘(2) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The national 
highway freight network shall consist of— 
‘‘(A) the primary highway freight system, as 
designated under subsection (d); 
‘‘(B) critical rural freight corridors established 
under subsection (e); 
‘‘(C) critical urban freight corridors estab-
lished under subsection (f); and 
‘‘(D) the portions of the Interstate System not 
designated as part of the primary highway freight system, including designated future Interstate System routes as of the date of enact-ment of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(d) D
ESIGNATION AND REDESIGNATION OF THE  
PRIMARY HIGHWAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGH -
WAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .—The initial designation 
of the primary highway freight system shall be— 
‘‘(A) the network designated by the Secretary 
under section 167(d) of title 23, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act; and 
‘‘(B) all National Highway System freight 
intermodal connectors. 
‘‘(2) R
EDESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date that 
is 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act and every 5 years thereafter, using the designation factors described in subpara-graph (E), the Administrator shall redesignate the primary highway freight system (including any additional mileage added to the primary highway freight system under this paragraph as of the date on which the redesignation process is effective). 
‘‘(B) M
ILEAGE .— 
‘‘(i) F IRST REDESIGNATION .—In redesignating 
the primary highway freight system on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Administrator shall limit the system to 30,000 centerline miles, without regard to the connectivity of the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT REDESIGNATIONS .—Each re-
designation after the redesignation described in clause (i), the Administrator may increase the primary highway freight system by up to 5 per-cent of the total mileage of the system, without regard to the connectivity of the primary high-way freight system. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7502 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In redesignating the pri-
mary highway freight system, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall use measurable data to assess the significance of goods movement, including consideration of points of origin, destination, and linking compo-nents of the United States global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(ii) I
NTERMODAL CONNECTORS .—In redesig-
nating the primary highway freight system, the Administrator shall include all National High-way System freight intermodal connectors. 
‘‘(D) I
NPUT.—In addition to the process pro-
vided to State freight advisory committees under paragraph (3), in redesignating the primary highway freight system, the Administrator shall provide an opportunity for State freight advi-sory committees to submit additional miles for consideration. 
‘‘(E) F
ACTORS FOR REDESIGNATION .—In redes-
ignating the primary highway freight system, the Administrator shall consider— 
‘‘(i) the origins and destinations of freight 
movement in, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(ii) land and water ports of entry; ‘‘(iii) access to energy exploration, develop-
ment, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(iv) proximity of access to other freight inter-
modal facilities, including rail, air, water, and pipelines; 
‘‘(v) the total freight tonnage and value 
moved via highways; 
‘‘(vi) significant freight bottlenecks, as identi-
fied by the Administrator; 
‘‘(vii) the annual average daily truck traffic 
on principal arterials; and 
‘‘(viii) the significance of goods movement on 
principal arterials, including consideration of global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY FOR ADDITIONAL MILES  
ON PRIMARY HIGHWAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
each redesignation conducted by the Adminis-trator under paragraph (2), each State, under the advisement of the State freight advisory committee, as developed and carried out in ac-cordance with subsection (l), may increase the number of miles designated as part of the pri-mary highway freight system in that State by not more than 10 percent of the miles designated in that State under this subsection if the addi-tional miles— 
‘‘(i) close gaps between primary highway 
freight system segments; 
‘‘(ii) establish connections of the primary 
highway freight system critical to the efficient movement of goods, including ports, inter-national border crossings, airports, intermodal facilities, logistics centers, warehouses, and ag-ricultural facilities; or 
‘‘(iii) designate critical emerging freight 
routes. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Each State, under the 
advisement of the State freight advisory com-mittee that increases the number of miles on the primary highway freight system under subpara-graph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) consider nominations for the additional 
miles from metropolitan planning organizations within the State; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the additional miles are con-
sistent with the freight plan of the State; and 
‘‘(iii) review the primary highway freight sys-
tem of the State designated under paragraph (1) and redesignate miles in a manner that is con-sistent with paragraph (2). 
‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION .—Each State, under the ad-
visement of the State freight advisory committee shall— 
‘‘(i) submit to the Administrator a list of the 
additional miles added under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) certify that— ‘‘(I) the additional miles meet the require-
ments of subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(II) the State, under the advisement of the 
State freight advisory committee, has satisfied the requirements of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(e) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT CORRIDORS .—A 
State may designate a public road within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road— 
‘‘(1) is a rural principal arterial roadway and 
has a minimum of 25 percent of the annual aver-age daily traffic of the road measured in pas-senger vehicle equivalent units from trucks (Federal Highway Administration vehicle class 8 to 13); 
‘‘(2) provides access to energy exploration, de-
velopment, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(3) connects the primary highway freight 
system, a roadway described in paragraph (1) or (2), or the Interstate System to facilities that handle more than— 
‘‘(A) 50,000 20-foot equivalent units per year; 
or 
‘‘(B) 500,000 tons per year of bulk commod-
ities; 
‘‘(4) provides access to— ‘‘(A) a grain elevator; ‘‘(B) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(C) a mining facility; ‘‘(D) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(E) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(5) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(6) provides access to significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
‘‘(7) is, in the determination of the State, vital 
to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(f) C
RITICAL URBAN FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
‘‘(1) U RBANIZED AREA WITH POPULATION OF  
500,000 OR MORE .—In an urbanized area with a 
population of 500,000 or more individuals, the representative metropolitan planning organiza-tion, in consultation with the State, may des-ignate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight cor-ridor. 
‘‘(2) U
RBANIZED AREA WITH A POPULATION  
LESS THAN 500 ,000.—In an urbanized area with a 
population of less than 500,000 individuals, the State, in consultation with the representative metropolitan planning organization, may des-ignate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight cor-ridor. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—A des-
ignation may be made under paragraphs (1) or (2) if the public road— 
‘‘(A) is in an urbanized area, regardless of 
population; and 
‘‘(B)(i) connects an intermodal facility to— 
‘‘(I) the primary highway freight network; ‘‘(II) the Interstate System; or ‘‘(III) an intermodal freight facility; ‘‘(ii) is located within a corridor of a route on 
the primary highway freight network and pro-vides an alternative highway option important to goods movement; 
‘‘(iii) serves a major freight generator, logistic 
center, or manufacturing and warehouse indus-trial land; or 
‘‘(iv) is important to the movement of freight 
within the region, as determined by the metro-politan planning organization or the State. 
‘‘(g) D
ESIGNATION AND CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—States and metropolitan 
planning organizations may designate corridors under subsections (e) and (f) and submit the designated corridors to the Administrator on a rolling basis. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Each State or metropoli-
tan planning organization that designates a corridor under subsection (e) or (f) shall certify to the Administrator that the designated cor-ridor meets the requirements of the applicable subsection. 
‘‘(h) H
IGHWAY FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION CON-
DITIONS AND PERFORMANCE REPORTS .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act and biennially thereafter, the Ad-ministrator shall prepare and submit to Con-gress a report that describes the conditions and performance of the national highway freight network in the United States. ‘‘(i) U
SE OF APPORTIONED FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall obligate funds 
apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) to improve the movement of freight on the na-tional highway freight network. 
‘‘(2) F
ORMULA .—The Administrator shall cal-
culate for each State the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total mileage in the State designated 
as part of the primary highway freight system; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total mileage of the primary highway 
freight system in all States. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATES WITH HIGH PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion of 
a State under paragraph (2) is greater than or equal to 3 percent, the State may obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on— 
‘‘(i) the primary highway freight system; ‘‘(ii) critical rural freight corridors; and ‘‘(iii) critical urban freight corridors. ‘‘(B) S
TATES WITH LOW PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion of 
a State under paragraph (2) is less than 3 per-cent, the State may obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on any component of the national highway freight network. 
‘‘(4) F
REIGHT PLANNING .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, effective beginning 2 years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, a State may not obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) unless the State has— 
‘‘(A) established a freight advisory committee 
in accordance with section 5405 of title 49; and 
‘‘(B) developed a freight plan in accordance 
with section 5406 of title 49, except that the multimodal component of the plan may be in-complete before an obligation may be made under this section. 
‘‘(5) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this 
subsection, for a project to be eligible for fund-ing under this section the project shall— 
‘‘(i) contribute to the efficient movement of 
freight on the national highway freight net-work; and 
‘‘(ii) be consistent with a freight investment 
plan included in a freight plan of the State that is in effect. 
‘‘(B) O
THER PROJECTS .—A State may obligate 
not more than 10 percent of the total apportion-ment of the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects— 
‘‘(i) within the boundaries of public and pri-
vate freight rail, water facilities (including ports), and intermodal facilities; and 
‘‘(ii) that provide surface transportation in-
frastructure necessary to facilitate direct inter-modal interchange, transfer, and access into and out of the facility. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds apportioned 
to the State under section 104(b)(5) for the na-tional highway freight program may be obli-gated to carry out 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(i) Development phase activities, including 
planning, feasibility analysis, revenue fore-casting, environmental review, preliminary engi-neering and design work, and other preconstruction activities. 
‘‘(ii) Construction, reconstruction, rehabilita-
tion, acquisition of real property (including land relating to the project and improvements to land), construction contingencies, acquisition of equipment, and operational improvements di-rectly relating to improving system performance. 
‘‘(iii) Intelligent transportation systems and 
other technology to improve the flow of freight, including intelligent freight transportation sys-tems. 
‘‘(iv) Efforts to reduce the environmental im-
pacts of freight movement. 
‘‘(v) Environmental and community mitigation 
of freight movement. 
‘‘(vi) Railway-highway grade separation. ‘‘(vii) Geometric improvements to interchanges 
and ramps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7503 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(viii) Truck-only lanes. 
‘‘(ix) Climbing and runaway truck lanes. ‘‘(x) Adding or widening of shoulders. ‘‘(xi) Truck parking facilities eligible for fund-
ing under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note; Public Law 112–141). 
‘‘(xii) Real-time traffic, truck parking, road-
way condition, and multimodal transportation information systems. 
‘‘(xiii) Electronic screening and credentialing 
systems for vehicles, including weigh-in-motion truck inspection technologies. 
‘‘(xiv) Traffic signal optimization, including 
synchronized and adaptive signals. 
‘‘(xv) Work zone management and information 
systems. 
‘‘(xvi) Highway ramp metering. ‘‘(xvii) Electronic cargo and border security 
technologies that improve truck freight move-ment. 
‘‘(xviii) Intelligent transportation systems that 
would increase truck freight efficiencies inside the boundaries of intermodal facilities. 
‘‘(xix) Additional road capacity to address 
highway freight bottlenecks. 
‘‘(xx) A highway project, other than a project 
described in clauses (i) through (xix), to improve the flow of freight on the national highway freight network. 
‘‘(xxi) Any other surface transportation 
project to improve the flow of freight into and out of a facility described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(6) O
THER ELIGIBLE COSTS .—In addition to 
the eligible projects identified in paragraph (5), a State may use funds apportioned under sec-tion 104(b)(5) for— 
‘‘(A) carrying out diesel retrofit or alternative 
fuel projects under section 149 for class 8 vehi-cles; and 
‘‘(B) the necessary costs of— ‘‘(i) conducting analyses and data collection 
related to the national highway freight pro-gram; 
‘‘(ii) developing and updating performance 
targets to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(iii) reporting to the Administrator to comply 
with section 150. 
‘‘(7) A
PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Programming and expenditure of funds 
for projects under this section shall be con-sistent with the requirements of sections 134 and 135. 
‘‘(j) S
TATE PERFORMANCE TARGETS .—If the 
Administrator determines that a State has not met or made significant progress toward meeting the performance targets related to freight move-ment of the State established under section 150(d) by the date that is 2 years after the date of the establishment of the performance targets, until the date on which the Administrator deter-mines that the State has met or has made sig-nificant progress towards meeting the perform-ance targets, the State shall submit to the Ad-ministrator, on a biennial basis, a freight per-formance improvement plan that includes— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues within the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies and 
strategies that will guide the freight-related transportation investments of the State; 
‘‘(3) an inventory of freight bottlenecks within 
the State and a description of the ways in which the State is allocating the national highway freight program funds to improve those bottle-necks; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the actions the State will 
undertake to meet the performance targets of the State. 
‘‘(k) S
TUDY OF MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report that contains— 
‘‘(1) a study of freight projects identified in 
State freight plans under section 5406 of title 49; and 
‘‘(2) an evaluation of multimodal freight 
projects included in the State freight plans, or otherwise identified by States, that are subject 
to the limitation of funding for such projects under this section. 
‘‘(l) S
TATE FREIGHT ADVISORY COMMITTEES .— 
A State freight advisory committee shall be car-ried out as described in section 5405 of title 49. 
‘‘(m) S
TATE FREIGHT PLANS.—A State freight 
plan shall be carried out as described in section 5406 of title 49. 
‘‘(n) I
NTELLIGENT FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF INTELLIGENT FREIGHT  
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM .—In this section, the 
term ‘intelligent freight transportation system’ means— 
‘‘(A) an innovative or intelligent technological 
transportation system, infrastructure, or facili-ties, including electronic roads, driverless trucks, elevated freight transportation facilities, and other intelligent freight transportation sys-tems; and 
‘‘(B) a communications or information proc-
essing system used singly or in combination for dedicated intelligent freight lanes and convey-ances that improve the efficiency, security, or safety of freight on the Federal-aid highway system or that operate to convey freight or im-prove existing freight movements. 
‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—An intelligent freight trans-
portation system shall be located— 
‘‘(A)(i) along existing Federal-aid highways; 
or 
‘‘(ii) in a manner that connects ports-of-entry 
to existing Federal-aid highways; and 
‘‘(B) in proximity to, or within, an existing 
right-of-way on a Federal-aid highway. 
‘‘(3) O PERATING STANDARDS .—The Adminis-
trator of the Federal Highway Administration shall determine the need for establishing oper-ating standards for intelligent freight transpor-tation systems. 
‘‘(o) T
REATMENT OF FREIGHT PROJECTS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, a freight project carried out under this section shall be treated as if the project were on a Fed-eral-aid highway.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The analysis for chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘167. National highway freight program.’’ 
(2) Sections 1116, 1117, and 1118 of MAP–21 (23 
U.S.C. 167 note; Public Law 112–141) are re-pealed. 
TITLE XLIV—GRANTS 
SEC. 44001. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS; ADMINISTRA-
TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose of the grants 
described in the amendments made by section 44002 is to assist in funding critical high-cost transportation infrastructure projects that— 
(1) are difficult to complete with existing Fed-
eral, State, local, and private funds; and 
(2) will achieve 1 or more of— (A) generation of national or regional eco-
nomic benefits and an increase in the global eco-nomic competitiveness of the United States; 
(B) reduction of congestion and the impacts of 
congestion; 
(C) improvement of facilities vital to agri-
culture, manufacturing, or national energy se-curity; 
(D) improvement of the efficiency, reliability, 
and affordability of the movement of freight; 
(E) improvement of transportation safety; (F) improvement of existing and designated 
future Interstate System routes; or 
(G) improvement of the movement of people 
through improving rural connectivity and met-ropolitan accessibility. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section and for pur-
poses of the grant programs established under the amendments made by section 44002: 
(1) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The term ‘‘eligible 
applicant’’ means— 
(A) a State (or a group of States); (B) a local government (or a group of local 
governments); (C) a tribal government (or a consortium of 
tribal governments); 
(D) a transit agency (or a group of transit 
agencies); 
(E) a special purpose district or a public au-
thority with a transportation function; 
(F) a port authority (or a group of port au-
thorities); 
(G) a political subdivision of a State or local 
government; 
(H) a Federal land management agency, joint-
ly with the applicable State; or 
(I) a multistate or multijurisdictional group of 
entities described in subparagraphs (A) through (H). 
(2) R
URAL AREA .—The term ‘‘rural area’’ 
means an area that is outside of an urbanized area with a population greater than 150,000 in-dividuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census. 
(3) R
URAL STATE .—The term ‘‘rural State’’ 
means a State that has a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile, based on the most recent decennial census. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible applicant shall 
submit to the Secretary or the Federal Highway Administrator (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’), as appropriate, an applica-tion in such form and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary or Administrator, as ap-propriate, determines necessary, including the total amount of the grant requested. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under this paragraph shall include data on the most recent system performance, to the extent practicable, and estimated system improvements that will result from completion of the eligible project, including projections for improvements 5 and 10 years after completion of the project. 
(3) R
ESUBMISSION OF APPLICATIONS .—An eligi-
ble applicant whose project is not selected may resubmit an application in a subsequent solicita-tion with an addendum indicating changes to the project application. 
(d) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary and the Administrator shall establish ac-countability measures for the management of the grants described in this section— 
(1) to establish clear procedures for addressing 
late-arriving applications; 
(2) to publicly communicate decisions to ac-
cept or reject applications; and 
(3) to document major decisions in the appli-
cation evaluation and project selection process through a decision memorandum or similar mechanism that provides a clear rationale for decisions. 
(e) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding 
grants, the Secretary or Administrator, as ap-propriate, shall take measures to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable— 
(1) an equitable geographic distribution of 
amounts; and 
(2) an appropriate balance in addressing the 
needs of rural and urban communities. 
(f) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the Admin-
istrator, as appropriate, shall make available on the website of the Department at the end of each fiscal year an annual report that lists each project for which a grant has been provided under this section during that fiscal year. 
(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .— 
(A) A SSESSMENT .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct an assessment of the administrative establishment, solicitation, selection, and justification process with respect to the funding of grants described in this title. 
(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
initial awarding of grants described in this sec-tion, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7504 November 3, 2015 
(i) the adequacy and fairness of the process by 
which each project was selected, if applicable; 
(ii) the justification and criteria used for the 
selection of each project, if applicable. 
SEC. 44002. GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 171. Assistance for major projects program 
‘‘(a) P
URPOSE OF PROGRAM .—The purpose of 
the assistance for major projects program shall be the purpose described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the terms defined in section 44001 of the 
DRIVE Act shall apply; and 
‘‘(2) the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-
trator’ means the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible project’ 
means a surface transportation project, or a program of integrated surface transportation projects closely related in the function the projects perform, that— 
‘‘(I) is a capital project that is eligible for Fed-
eral financial assistance under— 
‘‘(aa) this title; or ‘‘(bb) chapter 53 of title 49; and ‘‘(II) except as provided in clause (ii), has eli-
gible project costs that are reasonably antici-pated to equal or exceed the lesser of— 
‘‘(aa) $350,000,000; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) for a project located in a single 
State, 25 percent of the amount of Federal-aid highway funds apportioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; 
‘‘(BB) for a project located in a single rural 
State with a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile based on the most recent decennial census, 10 percent of the amount of Federal-aid highway funds apportioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; or 
‘‘(CC) for a project located in more than 1 
State, 75 percent of the amount of Federal-aid highway funds apportioned to the participating State that has the largest apportionment for the most recently completed fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL LAND TRANSPORTATION FACIL -
ITY.—In the case of a Federal land transpor-
tation facility, the term ‘eligible project’ means a Federal land transportation facility that has eligible project costs that are reasonably antici-pated to equal or exceed $150,000,000. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COSTS .—The term ‘eli-
gible project costs’ means the costs of— 
‘‘(i) development phase activities, including 
planning, feasibility analysis, revenue fore-casting, environmental review, preliminary engi-neering and design work, and other preconstruction activities; and 
‘‘(ii) construction, reconstruction, rehabilita-
tion, and acquisition of real property (including land related to the project and improvements to land), environmental mitigation, construction contingencies, acquisition of equipment directly related to improving system performance, and operational improvements. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad-
ministrator shall establish a program in accord-ance with this section to provide grants for projects that will have a significant impact on a region or the Nation. 
‘‘(d) S
OLICITATIONS AND APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT SOLICITATIONS .—The Adminis-
trator shall conduct a transparent and competi-tive national solicitation process to review eligi-ble projects for funding under this section. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible applicant 
shall submit an application to the Administrator in such form as described in and in accordance with section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(e) C
RITERIA FOR PROJECT EVALUATION AND  
SELECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may se-
lect a project for funding under this section only if the Administrator determines that the 
project— 
‘‘(A) is consistent with the national goals de-
scribed in section 150(b); 
‘‘(B) will significantly improve the perform-
ance of the national surface transportation net-work, nationally or regionally; 
‘‘(C) is based on the results of preliminary en-
gineering; 
‘‘(D) is consistent with the long-range state-
wide transportation plan; 
‘‘(E) cannot be readily and efficiently com-
pleted without Federal financial assistance; 
‘‘(F) is justified based on the ability of the 
project to achieve 1 or more of— 
‘‘(i) generation of national economic benefits 
that reasonably exceed the costs of the project; 
‘‘(ii) reduction of long-term congestion, in-
cluding impacts on a national, regional, and statewide basis; 
‘‘(iii) an increase in the speed, reliability, and 
accessibility of the movement of people or freight; or 
‘‘(iv) improvement of transportation safety, 
including reducing transportation accident and serious injuries and fatalities; and 
‘‘(G) is supported by a sufficient amount of 
non-Federal funding, including evidence of sta-ble and dependable financing to construct, maintain, and operate the infrastructure facil-ity. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In evalu-
ating a project under this section, in addition to the criteria described in paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator shall consider the extent to which the project— 
‘‘(A) leverages Federal investment by encour-
aging non-Federal contributions to the project, including contributions from public-private partnerships; 
‘‘(B) is able to begin construction by the date 
that is not later than 18 months after the date on which the project is selected; 
‘‘(C) incorporates innovative project delivery 
and financing to the maximum extent prac-ticable; 
‘‘(D) helps maintain or protect the environ-
ment; 
‘‘(E) improves roadways vital to national en-
ergy security; 
‘‘(F) improves or upgrades designated future 
Interstate System routes; 
‘‘(G) uses innovative technologies, including 
intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
‘‘(H) helps to improve mobility and accessi-
bility; and 
‘‘(I) address the impact of population growth 
on the movement of people and freight. 
‘‘(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Administrator shall take measures as described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(g) F
UNDING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except in the case of 
projects described in paragraph (2), the amount of a grant under this section shall be at least $50,000,000. 
‘‘(2) R
URAL PROJECTS .—The amounts made 
available for a fiscal year under this section for eligible projects located in rural areas or in rural States shall not be— 
‘‘(A) less than 20 percent of the amount made 
available for the fiscal year under this section; and 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION OF FUNDS .—Not more than 20 
percent of the funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this section shall be allocated for projects eligible under section 167(i)(5)(B) or chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE CAP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 20 percent 
of the funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this section may be awarded to projects in a single State. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR MULTISTATE PROJECTS .— 
For purposes of the limitation described in sub-paragraph (A), funds awarded for a multistate 
project shall be considered to be distributed evenly to each State. 
‘‘(5) TIFIA 
PROGRAM .—On the request of an 
eligible applicant under this section, the Admin-istrator may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay subsidy and administrative costs nec-essary to provide the entity Federal credit as-sistance under chapter 6 with respect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
‘‘(h) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The programming and expenditure of 
funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with the requirements of sections 134 and 135. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF APPLICABLE MODAL  
REQUIREMENTS .—If an eligible project that re-
ceives a grant under this section has a crossmodal component, the Administrator— 
‘‘(A) shall determine the predominant modal 
component of the project; and 
‘‘(B) may apply the applicable requirements of 
that predominant modal component to the project. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORT TO THE ADMINISTRATOR .—For 
each project funded under this section, the project sponsor shall evaluate system perform-ance and submit to the Administrator a report not later than 5, 10, and 20 years after comple-tion of the project to assess whether the project outcomes have met preconstruction projections. 
‘‘(j) A
DMINISTRATIVE SELECTION .—The Admin-
istrator shall award grants to eligible projects in a fiscal year based on the criteria described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(k) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
provide an annual report as described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .—The Comp-
troller General of the United States shall con-duct an assessment as described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act.’’. 
(b) A
SSISTANCE FOR FREIGHT PROJECTS .— 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 42005, is amended by adding after section 5408 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5409. Assistance for freight projects 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish and implement an assistance for freight projects grant program for capital investments in major freight transportation infrastructure projects to improve the movement of goods through the transportation network of the United States. 
‘‘(b) C
RITERIA FOR PROJECT EVALUATION AND  
SELECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may select a 
project for funding under this section only if the Secretary determines that the project— 
‘‘(A) is consistent with the goals described in 
section 5402(b); 
‘‘(B) will significantly improve the national or 
regional performance of the freight transpor-tation network; 
‘‘(C) is based on the results of preliminary en-
gineering; 
‘‘(D) is consistent with the long-range state-
wide transportation plan; 
‘‘(E) cannot be readily and efficiently com-
pleted without Federal financial assistance; 
‘‘(F) is justified based on the ability of the 
project— 
‘‘(i) to generate national economic benefits 
that reasonably exceed the costs of the project; 
‘‘(ii) to reduce long-term congestion, including 
impacts on a regional and statewide basis; or 
‘‘(iii) to increase the speed, reliability, and ac-
cessibility of the movement of freight; and 
‘‘(G) is supported by a sufficient amount of 
non-Federal funding, including evidence of sta-ble and dependable financing to construct, maintain, and operate the infrastructure facil-ity. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In evalu-
ating a project under this section, in addition to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7505 November 3, 2015 
the criteria described in paragraph (1), the Sec-
retary shall consider the extent to which the project— 
‘‘(A) leverages Federal investment by encour-
aging non-Federal contributions to the project, including contributions from public-private partnerships; 
‘‘(B) is able to begin construction by the date 
that is not later than 1 year after the date on which the project is selected; 
‘‘(C) incorporates innovative project delivery 
and financing to the maximum extent prac-ticable; 
‘‘(D) improves freight facilities vital to agri-
cultural or national energy security; 
‘‘(E) improves or upgrades current or des-
ignated future Interstate System routes; 
‘‘(F) uses innovative technologies, including 
intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
‘‘(G) helps to improve mobility and accessi-
bility; and 
‘‘(H) improves transportation safety, includ-
ing reducing transportation accident and seri-ous injuries and fatalities. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A project is eligible for a 
grant under this section if the project— 
‘‘(A) is difficult to complete with existing Fed-
eral, State, local, and private funds; 
‘‘(B)(i) enhances the economic competitiveness 
of the United States; or 
‘‘(ii) improves the flow of freight or reduces 
bottlenecks in the freight infrastructure of the United States; and 
‘‘(C) will advance 1 or more of the following 
objectives: 
‘‘(i) Generate regional or national economic 
benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States. 
‘‘(ii) Improve transportation resources vital to 
agriculture or national energy security. 
‘‘(iii) Improve the efficiency, reliability, and 
affordability of the movement of freight. 
‘‘(iv) Improve existing freight infrastructure 
projects. 
‘‘(v) Improve the movement of people by im-
proving rural and metropolitan freight routes. 
‘‘(2) E
XAMPLES .—Eligible projects for grant 
funding under this section shall include— 
‘‘(A) a freight intermodal facility, including— ‘‘(i) an intermodal facility serving a seaport; ‘‘(ii) an intermodal or cargo access facility 
serving an airport; 
‘‘(iii) an intermodal facility serving a port on 
the inland waterways; 
‘‘(iv) a bulk intermodal/transload facility; or ‘‘(v) a highway/rail intermodal facility; ‘‘(B) a highway or bridge project eligible 
under title 23; 
‘‘(C) a public transportation project that re-
duces congestion on freight corridors and is eli-gible under chapter 53; 
‘‘(D) a freight rail transportation project (in-
cluding rail-grade separations); and 
‘‘(E) a port infrastructure investment (includ-
ing inland port infrastructure). 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSIDERATIONS .—In selecting projects to 
receive grant funding under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) consider— ‘‘(i) projected freight volumes; and ‘‘(ii) how projects will enhance economic effi-
ciency, productivity, and competitiveness; 
‘‘(iii) population growth and the impact on 
freight demand; and 
‘‘(B) give priority to projects dedicated to— ‘‘(i) improving freight infrastructure facilities; ‘‘(ii) reducing travel time for freight projects; ‘‘(iii) reducing freight transportation costs; 
and 
‘‘(iv) reducing congestion caused by rapid 
population growth on freight corridors. 
‘‘(2) M
ULTIMODAL DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
In distributing funding for grants under this section, the Secretary shall take such measures as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure the investment in a variety of transportation 
modes. 
‘‘(3) A
MOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B)(i), a grant under this section shall be in an amount that is not less than $10,000,000 and not greater than $100,000,000. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECTS IN RURAL AREAS .—If a grant 
awarded under this section is for a project lo-cated in a rural area— 
‘‘(i) the amount of the grant shall be at least 
$1,000,000; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary may increase the Federal 
share of costs to greater than 80 percent. 
‘‘(4) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Except as provided 
under paragraph (3)(B)(ii), the Federal share of the costs for a project receiving a grant under this section shall be up to 80 percent. 
‘‘(5) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give pri-
ority to projects that require a contribution of Federal funds in order to complete an overall fi-nancing package. 
‘‘(6) R
URAL AREAS .—Not less than 25 percent 
of the funding provided under this section shall be used to make grants for projects located in rural areas. 
‘‘(7) N
EW COMPETITION .—The Secretary shall 
conduct a new competition each fiscal year to select the grants and credit assistance awarded under this section. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-
sult with the Secretary of Energy when consid-ering projects that facilitate the movement of energy resources. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated from the general fund of the Treasury, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE AND OVERSIGHT COSTS .— 
The Secretary may retain up to 0.5 percent of the amounts appropriated pursuant to para-graph (1)— 
‘‘(A) to administer the assistance for freight 
projects grant program; and 
‘‘(B) to oversee eligible projects funded under 
this section. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUNDS .—Amounts 
appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall be available for obligation until expended. 
‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later 
than 72 hours before public notification of a grant awarded under this section, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of such award. 
‘‘(h) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary shall provide to Congress documentation of major decisions in the application evaluation and project selection process, which shall in-clude a clear rationale for decisions— 
‘‘(1) to advance for senior review applications 
other than those rated as highly recommended; 
‘‘(2) to not advance applications rated as 
highly recommended; and 
‘‘(3) to change the technical evaluation rating 
of an application.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘171. Assistance for major projects program.’’. 
DIVISION E—FINANCE 
SEC. 50001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015’’. TITLE LI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
RELATED TAXES 
Subtitle A—Extension of Trust Fund 
Expenditure Authority and Related Taxes 
SEC. 51101. EXTENSION OF TRUST FUND EXPEND-
ITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by division G, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2021’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation Ex-
tension Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation Ex-
tension Act of 2015’’ each place it appears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘Surface Trans-portation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2021’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Section 9508(e)(2) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Novem-ber 21, 2015. 
SEC. 51102. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY-RELATED 
TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) Each of the following provisions of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’: 
(A) Section 4041(a)(1)(C)(iii)(I). (B) Section 4041(m)(1)(B). (C) Section 4081(d)(1). (2) Each of the following provisions of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’: 
(A) Section 4041(m)(1)(A). (B) Section 4051(c). (C) Section 4071(d). (D) Section 4081(d)(3). (b) E
XTENSION OF TAX, ETC., ONUSE OF CER-
TAIN HEAVY VEHICLES .—Each of the following 
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2024’’: 
(1) Section 4481(f). (2) Subsections (c)(4) and (d) of section 4482. (c) F
LOOR STOCKS REFUNDS .—Section 
6412(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’, 
(2) by striking ‘‘March 31, 2017’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2024’’, and 
(3) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘January 1, 2024’’. 
(d) E
XTENSION OF CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) Section 4221(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(2) Section 4483(i) of such Code is amended by 
striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2024’’. 
(e) E
XTENSION OF TRANSFERS OF CERTAIN  
TAXES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 9503 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place it 
appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’, 
(ii) by striking ‘‘O
CTOBER 1 , 2016’’ in the head-
ing of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘O CTOBER 1 , 
2023’’, 
(iii) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ in para-
graph (2) and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7506 November 3, 2015 
(iv) by striking ‘‘July 1, 2017’’ in paragraph 
(2) and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2024’’, and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘July 1, 
2017’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2024’’. 
(2) M OTORBOAT AND SMALL -ENGINE FUEL TAX  
TRANSFERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraphs (3)(A)(i) and 
(4)(A) of section 9503(c) of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO LAND AND  
WATER CONSERVATION FUND .—Section 200310 of 
title 54, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2024’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting 
‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
Subtitle B—Additional Transfers to Highway 
Trust Fund 
SEC. 51201. FURTHER ADDITIONAL TRANSFERS 
TO TRUST FUND. 
Subsection (f) of section 9503 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesig-nating paragraph (8) as paragraph (10) and in-serting after paragraph (7) the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(8) F
URTHER TRANSFERS TO TRUST FUND .— 
Out of money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, there is hereby appropriated— 
‘‘(A) $25,976,000,000 to the Highway Account 
(as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the High-way Trust Fund; and 
‘‘(B) $9,000,000,000 to the Mass Transit Ac-
count in the Highway Trust Fund. 
‘‘(9) A
DDITIONAL INCREASE IN FUND BAL -
ANCE.—There is hereby transferred to the High-
way Account (as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund amounts appro-priated from the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund under section 9508(c)(4).’’. 
SEC. 51202. TRANSFER TO HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
OF CERTAIN MOTOR VEHICLE SAFE-TY PENALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (5) of section 
9503(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘There are hereby’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There are hereby’’, and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(B) P ENALTIES RELATED TO MOTOR VEHICLE  
SAFETY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—There are hereby appro-
priated to the Highway Trust Fund amounts equivalent to covered motor vehicle safety pen-alty collections. 
‘‘(ii) C
OVERED MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY PEN -
ALTY COLLECTIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
paragraph, the term ‘covered motor vehicle safe-ty penalty collections’ means any amount col-lected in connection with a civil penalty under section 30165 of title 49, United States Code, re-duced by any award authorized by the Sec-retary of Transportation to be paid to any per-son in connection with information provided by such person related to a violation of chapter 301 of such title which is a predicate to such civil penalty.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to amounts collected after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 51203. APPROPRIATION FROM LEAKING UN-
DERGROUND STORAGE TANK TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 
9508 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL TRANSFER TO HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—Out of amounts in the Leaking Under-
ground Storage Tank Trust Fund there is here-by appropriated— 
‘‘(A) on the date of the enactment of the 
DRIVE Act, $100,000,000, ‘‘(B) on October 1, 2016, $100,000,000, and 
‘‘(C) on October 1, 2017, $100,000,000, 
to be transferred under section 9503(f)(9) to the 
Highway Account (as defined in section 9503(e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
9508(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’. 
TITLE LII—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Tax Provisions 
SEC. 52102. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN UNPAID TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 75 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7345. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN TAX DE-LINQUENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary receives 
certification by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that any individual has a seriously de-linquent tax debt in an amount in excess of $50,000, the Secretary shall transmit such certifi-cation to the Secretary of State for action with respect to denial, revocation, or limitation of a passport pursuant to section 52102(d) of the Transportation Funding Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) S
ERIOUSLY DELINQUENT TAXDEBT.—For 
purposes of this section, the term ‘seriously de-linquent tax debt’ means an outstanding debt under this title for which a notice of lien has been filed in public records pursuant to section 6323 or a notice of levy has been filed pursuant to section 6331, except that such term does not include— 
‘‘(1) a debt that is being paid in a timely man-
ner pursuant to an agreement under section 6159 or 7122, and 
‘‘(2) a debt with respect to which collection is 
suspended because a collection due process hearing under section 6330, or relief under sub-section (b), (c), or (f) of section 6015, is requested or pending. 
‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case 
of a calendar year beginning after 2016, the dol-lar amount in subsection (a) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment determined 
under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, de-termined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) there-of. 
If any amount as adjusted under the preceding 
sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $1,000.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for subchapter D of chapter 75 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 7345. Revocation or denial of passport in 
case of certain tax delin-quencies.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORITY FOR INFORMATION SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 6103 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(23) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION TO  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PURPOSES OF PASS -
PORT REVOCATION UNDER SECTION 7345 .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, upon 
receiving a certification described in section 7345, disclose to the Secretary of State return in-formation with respect to a taxpayer who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. Such return information shall be limited to— 
‘‘(i) the taxpayer identity information with re-
spect to such taxpayer, and 
‘‘(ii) the amount of such seriously delinquent 
tax debt. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION ON DISCLOSURE .—Return in-
formation disclosed under subparagraph (A) may be used by officers and employees of the 
Department of State for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary in, carrying out the re-quirements of section 52102(d) of the Transpor-tation Funding Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (4) 
of section 6103(p) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or (22)’’ each place it appears in sub-paragraph (F)(ii) and in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(22), or (23)’’. 
(d) A
UTHORITY TODENY OR REVOKE PASS-
PORT.— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving a certification described in section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State shall not issue a passport to any individual who has a seriously delin-quent tax debt described in such section. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the 
Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emer-gency circumstances or for humanitarian rea-sons, to an individual described in such sub-paragraph. 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may 
revoke a passport previously issued to any indi-vidual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to re-
voke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only for 
return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only permits 
return travel to the United States. 
(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of State shall not be liable to an individual for any action with re-spect to a certification by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under section 7345 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(e) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORT IN  
CASE OF INDIVIDUAL WITHOUT SOCIAL SECURITY  
ACCOUNT NUMBER .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving an applica-tion for a passport from an individual that ei-ther— 
(i) does not include the social security account 
number issued to that individual, or 
(ii) includes an incorrect or invalid social se-
curity number willfully, intentionally, neg-ligently, or recklessly provided by such indi-vidual, 
the Secretary of State is authorized to deny 
such application and is authorized to not issue a passport to the individual. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the 
Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emer-gency circumstances or for humanitarian rea-sons, to an individual described in subpara-graph (A). 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may 
revoke a passport previously issued to any indi-vidual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to re-
voke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only for 
return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only permits 
return travel to the United States. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of, and 
amendments made by, this section shall take ef-fect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 52106. REFORM OF RULES RELATING TO 
QUALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CON-TRACTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TOCOLLECT CERTAIN INAC-
TIVE TAXRECEIVABLES UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7507 November 3, 2015 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-
designating subsections (c) through (f) as sub-sections (d) through (g), respectively, and by in-serting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
OLLECTION OF INACTIVE TAXRECEIV -
ABLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the Secretary shall enter into one or more qualified tax collection contracts for the collection of all outstanding inactive tax re-ceivables. 
‘‘(2) I
NACTIVE TAX RECEIVABLES .—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘inactive tax re-
ceivable’ means any tax receivable if— 
‘‘(i) at any time after assessment, the Internal 
Revenue Service removes such receivable from the active inventory for lack of resources or in-ability to locate the taxpayer, 
‘‘(ii) more than 
1⁄3of the period of the applica-
ble statute of limitation has lapsed and such re-ceivable has not been assigned for collection to any employee of the Internal Revenue Service, or 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a receivable which has 
been assigned for collection, more than 365 days have passed without interaction with the tax-payer or a third party for purposes of furthering the collection of such receivable. 
‘‘(B) T
AX RECEIVABLE .—The term ‘tax receiv-
able’ means any outstanding assessment which the Internal Revenue Service includes in poten-tially collectible inventory.’’. 
(b) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGIBLE  
FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAXCOL-
LECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by sub-section (a), is amended by redesignating sub-sections (d) through (g) as subsections (e) through (h), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGIBLE  
FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAXCOL-
LECTIONS CONTRACTS .—A tax receivable shall 
not be eligible for collection pursuant to a quali-fied tax collection contract if such receivable— 
‘‘(1) is subject to a pending or active offer-in- 
compromise or installment agreement, 
‘‘(2) is classified as an innocent spouse case, ‘‘(3) involves a taxpayer identified by the Sec-
retary as being— 
‘‘(A) deceased, 
‘‘(B) under the age of 18, ‘‘(C) in a designated combat zone, or ‘‘(D) a victim of tax-related identity theft, ‘‘(4) is currently under examination, litiga-
tion, criminal investigation, or levy, or 
‘‘(5) is currently subject to a proper exercise of 
a right of appeal under this title.’’. 
(c) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—Section 6306 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—In contracting 
for the services of any person under this section, the Secretary shall utilize private collection con-tractors and debt collection centers on the schedule required under section 3711(g) of title 31, United States Code, including the technology and communications infrastructure established therein, to the extent such private collection contractors and debt collection centers are ap-propriate to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion.’’. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION .— 
Section 6103(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) Q
UALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CONTRAC -
TORS.—Persons providing services pursuant to a 
qualified tax collection contract under section 6306 may, if speaking to a person who has iden-tified himself or herself as having the name of the taxpayer to which a tax receivable (within the meaning of such section) relates, identify themselves as contractors of the Internal Rev-
enue Service and disclose the business name of the contractor, and the nature, subject, and rea-son for the contact. Disclosures under this para-graph shall be made only in such situations and under such conditions as have been approved by the Secretary.’’. 
(e) T
AXPAYERS AFFECTED BY FEDERALLY DE-
CLARED DISASTERS .—Section 6306 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j) and by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) T
AXPAYERS IN PRESIDENTIALLY DECLARED  
DISASTER AREAS.—The Secretary may prescribe 
procedures under which a taxpayer determined to be affected by a Federally declared disaster (as defined by section 165(i)(5)) may request— 
‘‘(1) relief from immediate collection measures 
by contractors under this section, and 
‘‘(2) a return of the inactive tax receivable to 
the inventory of the Internal Revenue Service to be collected by an employee thereof.’’. 
(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6306 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k) and by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the last day of each fiscal year (be-ginning with the first such fiscal year ending after the date of the enactment of this sub-section), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report with respect to qualified tax collection contracts under this section which shall include— 
‘‘(1) annually, with respect to such fiscal 
year— 
‘‘(A) the total number and amount of tax re-
ceivables provided to each contractor for collec-tion under this section, 
‘‘(B) the total amounts collected (and amounts 
of installment agreements entered into under subsection (b)(1)(B)) with respect to each con-tractor and the collection costs incurred (di-rectly and indirectly) by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to such amounts, 
‘‘(C) the impact of such contracts on the total 
number and amount of unpaid assessments, and on the number and amount of assessments col-lected by Internal Revenue Service personnel after initial contact by a contractor, 
‘‘(D) the amount of fees retained by the Sec-
retary under subsection (e) and a description of the use of such funds, and 
‘‘(E) a disclosure safeguard report in a form 
similar to that required under section 6103(p)(5), and 
‘‘(2) biannually (beginning with the second 
report submitted under this subsection)— 
‘‘(A) an independent evaluation of contractor 
performance, and 
‘‘(B) a measurement plan that includes a com-
parison of the best practices used by the private collectors to the collection techniques used by the Internal Revenue Service and mechanisms to identify and capture information on successful collection techniques used by the contractors that could be adopted by the Internal Revenue Service.’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS WITH RESPECT TO QUALIFIED TAX COLLEC -
TION CONTRACTS .—Section 881 of the American 
Jobs Creation Act of 2004 is amended by striking subsection (e). 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to tax receiv-ables identified by the Secretary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—The Secretary 
shall begin entering into contracts and agree-ments as described in the amendment made by subsection (c) within 3 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISCLOSURES .—The amendment made by 
subsection (d) shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(4) P
ROCEDURES ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The 
amendments made by subsections (e) and (f) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 52107. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 
6306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as re-designated by section 52106, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘for collection enforcement activities of the Internal Revenue Service’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘to fund the special compliance per-sonnel program account under section 6307’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT .—Subchapter A of chapter 64 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6307. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF A SPECIAL COMPLI -
ANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM ACCOUNT .—The Sec-
retary shall establish an account within the De-partment for carrying out a program consisting of the hiring, training, and employment of spe-cial compliance personnel, and shall transfer to such account from time to time amounts re-tained by the Secretary under section 6306(e)(2). 
‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The program described in 
subsection (a) shall be subject to the following restrictions: 
‘‘(1) No funds shall be transferred to such ac-
count except as described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) No other funds from any other source 
shall be expended for special compliance per-sonnel employed under such program, and no funds from such account shall be expended for the hiring of any personnel other than special compliance personnel. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding any other authority, the 
Secretary is prohibited from spending funds out of such account for any purpose other than for costs under such program associated with the employment of special compliance personnel and the retraining and reassignment of current non-collections personnel as special compliance per-sonnel, and to reimburse the Internal Revenue Service or other government agencies for the cost of administering qualified tax collection contracts under section 6306. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than March of 
each year, the Commissioner of Internal Rev-enue shall submit a report to the Committees on Finance and Appropriations of the Senate and the Committees on Ways and Means and Appro-priations of the House of Representatives con-sisting of the following: 
‘‘(1) For the preceding fiscal year, all funds 
received in the account established under sub-section (a), administrative and program costs for the program described in such subsection, the number of special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the amount of revenue actually collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(2) For the current fiscal year, all actual and 
estimated funds received or to be received in the account, all actual and estimated administrative and program costs, the number of all actual and estimated special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the ac-tual and estimated revenue actually collected or to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(3) For the following fiscal year, an estimate 
of all funds to be received in the account, all es-timated administrative and program costs, the estimated number of special compliance per-sonnel hired and employed under the program, and the estimated revenue to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7508 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(1) S PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL .—The 
term ‘special compliance personnel’ means indi-viduals employed by the Internal Revenue Serv-ice as field function collection officers or in a similar position, or employed to collect taxes using the automated collection system or an equivalent replacement system. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM COSTS .—The term ‘program 
costs’ means— 
‘‘(A) total salaries (including locality pay and 
bonuses), benefits, and employment taxes for special compliance personnel employed or trained under the program described in sub-section (a), and 
‘‘(B) direct overhead costs, salaries, benefits, 
and employment taxes relating to support staff, rental payments, office equipment and fur-niture, travel, data processing services, vehicle costs, utilities, telecommunications, postage, printing and reproduction, supplies and mate-rials, lands and structures, insurance claims, and indemnities for special compliance per-sonnel hired and employed under this section. 
For purposes of subparagraph (B), the cost of 
management and supervision of special compli-ance personnel shall be taken into account as direct overhead costs to the extent such costs, when included in total program costs under this paragraph, do not represent more than 10 per-cent of such total costs.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for subchapter A of chapter 64 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 6306 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 6307. Special compliance personnel pro-
gram account.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to amounts col-lected and retained by the Secretary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Fees and Receipts 
SEC. 52202. ADJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION OF 
FEES FOR CERTAIN CUSTOMS SERV-ICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031 of the Consoli-
dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES FOR INFLATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall adjust the fees established under sub-section (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), on October 1, 2015, and annually thereafter, to reflect the percentage (if any) of the increase in the average of the Consumer Price Index for the preceding 12-month period compared to the Consumer Price Index for fiscal year 2014. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CALCULATION OF AD -
JUSTMENT .—In adjusting under paragraph (1) 
the amount of the fees established under sub-section (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall round the amount of any increase 
in the Consumer Price Index to the nearest dol-lar; and 
‘‘(B) may ignore any such increase of less 
than 1 percent. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSUMER PRICE INDEX DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘Consumer Price Index’ means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
(b) D
EPOSITS INTO CUSTOMS USERFEEAC-
COUNT .—Section 13031(f) of the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘all fees collected under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount of fees collected under subsection (a) (determined without regard to any adjustment made under subsection (l))’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘fees collected’’ and inserting 
‘‘amount of fees collected’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘), each appropriation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, and determined without regard to any adjustment made under subsection (l)), each appropriation’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 13031 
of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(subject to adjust-ment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘following fees’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)(A), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(E) in paragraph (8)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or (l)’’ after 
‘‘subsection (a)(9)(B)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(subject to ad-
justment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘$3’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (9)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘and subject to adjustment under sub-section (l)’’ after ‘‘Tariff Act of 1930’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting ‘‘(sub-
ject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’. 
SEC. 52203. DIVIDENDS AND SURPLUS FUNDS OF 
RESERVE BANKS. 
Section 7(a)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act 
(12 U.S.C. 289(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent (1.5 per-cent in the case of a stockholder having total consolidated assets of more than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of September 30 of the preceding fiscal year))’’. 
SEC. 52204. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 
of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of Energy shall draw-down and sell from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve— 
(A) the quantity of barrels of crude oil that 
the Secretary of Energy determines to be appro-priate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(B) 4,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2018; 
(C) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2019; 
(D) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2020; 
(E) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2021; 
(F) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2022; 
(G) 16,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2023; 
(H) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2024; and 
(I) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2025. 
(2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE.—Amounts received from a sale under 
paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in 
which the sale occurs. 
(b) E MERGENCY PROTECTION .—In any 1 fiscal 
year described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would re-sult in a Strategic Petroleum Reserve that con-tains an inventory of petroleum products rep-resenting fewer than 90 days of emergency re-serves, based on the average daily level of net imports of crude oil and petroleum products in the calendar year preceding that fiscal year. 
(c) I
NCREASE ; LIMITATION .— 
(1) I NCREASE .—The Secretary of Energy may 
increase the drawdown and sales under sub-paragraphs (A) through (I) of subsection (a)(1) as the Secretary of Energy determines to be ap-propriate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under this section after the date on which a total of $9,050,000,000 has been deposited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales author-ized under this section. 
SEC. 52205. EXTENSION OF ENTERPRISE GUAR-
ANTEE FEE. 
Section 1327(f) of the Housing and Community 
Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4547(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2021’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2025’’. 
Subtitle C—Outlays 
SEC. 52301. INTEREST ON OVERPAYMENT. 
Section 111 of the Federal Oil and Gas Roy-
alty Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1721) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (h) and (i); (2) by redesignating subsections (j) through (l) 
as subsections (h) through (j), respectively; and 
(3) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated), by 
striking the fourth sentence. 
DIVISION F—MISCELLANEOUS 
TITLE LXI—FEDERAL PERMITTING 
IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 61001. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) A GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY CERPO .—The term ‘‘agency 
CERPO’’ means the chief environmental review and permitting officer of an agency, as des-ignated by the head of the agency under section 61002(b)(2)(A)(iii)(I). 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION .—The term ‘‘authoriza-
tion’’ means any license, permit, approval, find-ing, determination, or other administrative deci-sion issued by an agency that is required or au-thorized under Federal law in order to site, con-struct, reconstruct, or commence operations of a covered project, whether administered by a Fed-eral or State agency. 
(4) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘cooper-
ating agency’’ means any agency with— 
(A) jurisdiction under Federal law; or (B) special expertise as described in section 
1501.6 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(5) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the 
Federal Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Steering Council established under section 61002(a). 
(6) C
OVERED PROJECT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘covered project’’ 
means any activity in the United States that re-quires authorization or environmental review by a Federal agency involving construction of in-frastructure for renewable or conventional en-ergy production, electricity transmission, sur-face transportation, aviation, ports and water-ways, water resource projects, broadband, pipe-lines, manufacturing, or any other sector as de-termined by a majority vote of the Council that— 
(i)(I) is subject to NEPA; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7509 November 3, 2015 
(II) is likely to require a total investment of 
more than $200,000,000; and 
(III) does not qualify for abbreviated author-
ization or environmental review processes under any applicable law; or 
(ii) is subject to NEPA and the size and com-
plexity of which, in the opinion of the Council, make the project likely to benefit from enhanced oversight and coordination, including a project likely to require— 
(I) authorization from or environmental re-
view involving more than 2 Federal agencies; or 
(II) the preparation of an environmental im-
pact statement under NEPA. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘covered project’’ 
does not include— 
(i) any project subject to section 139 of title 23, 
United States Code; or 
(ii) any project subject to section 2045 of the 
Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348). 
(7) D
ASHBOARD .—The term ‘‘Dashboard’’ 
means the Permitting Dashboard required under section 61003(b). 
(8) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘‘environmental assessment’’ means a concise public document for which a Federal agency is responsible under section 1508.9 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). 
(9) E
NVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ means an environmental assessment, finding of no significant impact, notice of in-tent, environmental impact statement, or record of decision. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ includes— 
(i) any document that is a supplement to a 
document described in subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) a document prepared pursuant to a court 
order. 
(10) E NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The term ‘‘environmental impact statement’’ means the detailed written statement required under section 102(2)(C) of NEPA. 
(11) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—The term ‘‘en-
vironmental review’’ means the agency proce-dures and processes for applying a categorical exclusion or for preparing an environmental as-sessment, an environmental impact statement, or other document required under NEPA. 
(12) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Execu-
tive Director’’ means the Executive Director ap-pointed by the President under section 61002(b)(1)(A). 
(13) F
ACILITATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘facili-
tating agency’’ means the agency that receives the initial notification from the project sponsor required under section 61003(a). 
(14) I
NVENTORY .—The term ‘‘inventory’’ 
means the inventory of covered projects estab-lished by the Executive Director under section 61002(c)(1)(A). 
(15) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘lead agency’’ 
means the agency with principal responsibility for an environmental review of a covered project under NEPA and parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
(16) NEPA.—The term ‘‘NEPA’’ means the Na-
tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(17) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘par-
ticipating agency’’ means an agency partici-pating in an environmental review or authoriza-tion for a covered project in accordance with section 61003. 
(18) P
ROJECT SPONSOR .—The term ‘‘project 
sponsor’’ means an entity, including any pri-vate, public, or public-private entity, seeking an authorization for a covered project. 
SEC. 61002. FEDERAL PERMITTING IMPROVEMENT 
COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the 
Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Coun-cil. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) C HAIR.—The Executive Director shall— 
(A) be appointed by the President; and (B) serve as Chair of the Council. (2) C
OUNCIL MEMBERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) D ESIGNATION BY HEAD OF AGENCY .—Each 
individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall des-ignate a member of the agency in which the in-dividual serves to serve on the Council. 
(ii) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A councilmember de-
scribed in clause (i) shall hold a position in the agency of deputy secretary (or the equivalent) or higher. 
(iii) S
UPPORT .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with guidance 
provided by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, each individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall designate 1 or more ap-propriate members of the agency in which the individual serves to serve as an agency CERPO. 
(II) R
EPORTING .—In carrying out the duties of 
the agency CERPO under this title, an agency CERPO shall report directly to a deputy sec-retary (or the equivalent) or higher. 
(B) H
EADS OF AGENCIES .—The individuals that 
shall each designate a councilmember under this subparagraph are as follows: 
(i) The Secretary of Agriculture. (ii) The Secretary of the Army. (iii) The Secretary of Commerce. (iv) The Secretary of the Interior. (v) The Secretary of Energy. (vi) The Secretary of Transportation. (vii) The Secretary of Defense. (viii) The Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency. 
(ix) The Chairman of the Federal Energy Reg-
ulatory Commission. 
(x) The Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory 
Commission. 
(xi) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (xii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban De-
velopment. 
(xiii) The Chairman of the Advisory Council 
on Historic Preservation. 
(xiv) Any other head of a Federal agency that 
the Executive Director may invite to participate as a member of the Council. 
(3) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—In addition to the 
members listed in paragraphs (1) and (2), the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality and the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall also be members of the Council. 
(c) D
UTIES .— 
(1) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
(A) I NVENTORY DEVELOPMENT .—The Executive 
Director, in consultation with the Council, shall— 
(i) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, establish an inventory of covered projects that are pending the environ-mental review or authorization of the head of any Federal agency; 
(ii)(I) categorize the projects in the inventory 
as appropriate, based on sector and project type; and 
(II) for each category, identify the types of 
environmental reviews and authorizations most commonly involved; and 
(iii) add a covered project to the inventory 
after receiving a notice described in section 61003(a)(1). 
(B) F
ACILITATING AGENCY DESIGNATION .—The 
Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall— 
(i) designate a facilitating agency for each 
category of covered projects described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii); and 
(ii) publish the list of designated facilitating 
agencies for each category of projects in the in-ventory on the Dashboard in an easily acces-sible format. 
(C) P
ERFORMANCE SCHEDULES .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall develop recommended performance schedules, including intermediate and final completion 
dates, for environmental reviews and authoriza-tions most commonly required for each category of covered projects described in subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The performance schedules 
shall reflect employment of the use of the most efficient applicable processes. 
(II) L
IMIT.— 
(aa) I N GENERAL .—The final completion dates 
in any performance schedule for the completion of an environmental review or authorization under clause (i) shall not exceed the average time to complete an environmental review or au-thorization for a project within that category. 
(bb) C
ALCULATION OF AVERAGE TIME .—The av-
erage time referred to in item (aa) shall be cal-culated on the basis of data from the preceding 2 calendar years and shall run from the period beginning on the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under section 61003(b)(2) (except that, for projects initiated be-fore that duty takes effect, the period beginning on the date of filing of a completed application), and ending on the date of the issuance of a record of decision or other final agency action on the review or authorization. 
(cc) C
OMPLETION DATE .—Each performance 
schedule shall specify that any decision by an agency on an environmental review or author-ization must be issued not later than 180 days after the date on which all information needed to complete the review or authorization (includ-ing any hearing that an agency holds on the matter) is in the possession of the agency. 
(iii) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .—Not later than 2 
years after the date on which the performance schedules are established under this subpara-graph, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall review and revise the performance schedules. 
(D) G
UIDANCE .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with the Council, may recommend to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget or to the Council on Environmental Quality, as appropriate, that guidance be issued as necessary for agencies— 
(i) to carry out responsibilities under this title; 
and 
(ii) to effectuate the adoption by agencies of 
the best practices and recommendations of the Council described in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
OUNCIL .— 
(A) R ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The Council shall make rec-
ommendations to the Executive Director with re-spect to the designations under paragraph (1)(B) and the performance schedules under paragraph (1)(C). 
(ii) U
PDATE .—The Council may update the 
recommendations described in clause (i). 
(B) B EST PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Council shall issue recommendations on the best practices for— 
(i) enhancing early stakeholder engagement, 
including fully considering and, as appropriate, incorporating recommendations provided in pub-lic comments on any proposed covered project; 
(ii) ensuring timely decisions regarding envi-
ronmental reviews and authorizations, includ-ing through the development of performance metrics; 
(iii) improving coordination between Federal 
and non-Federal governmental entities, includ-ing through the development of common data standards and terminology across agencies; 
(iv) increasing transparency; (v) reducing information collection require-
ments and other administrative burdens on agencies, project sponsors, and other interested parties; 
(vi) developing and making available to appli-
cants appropriate geographic information sys-tems and other tools; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7510 November 3, 2015 
(vii) creating and distributing training mate-
rials useful to Federal, State, tribal, and local permitting officials; and 
(viii) addressing other aspects of infrastruc-
ture permitting, as determined by the Council. 
(3) A
GENCY CERPOS .—An agency CERPO 
shall— 
(A) advise the respective agency 
councilmember on matters related to environ-mental reviews and authorizations; 
(B) provide technical support, when requested 
to facilitate efficient and timely processes for environmental reviews and authorizations for covered projects under the jurisdictional respon-sibility of the agency, including supporting timely identification and resolution of potential disputes within the agency or between the agen-cy and other Federal agencies; 
(C) analyze agency environmental review and 
authorization processes, policies, and authori-ties and make recommendations to the respective agency councilmember for ways to standardize, simplify, and improve the efficiency of the proc-esses, policies, and authorities, including by im-plementing guidance issued under paragraph (1)(D) and other best practices, including the use of information technology and geographic information system tools within the agency and across agencies, to the extent consistent with ex-isting law; and 
(D) review and develop training programs for 
agency staff that support and conduct environ-mental reviews or authorizations. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT .—The Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall designate a Federal agency, other than an agency that carries out or provides support for projects that are not covered projects, to provide administrative support for the Executive Direc-tor, and the designated agency shall, as reason-ably necessary, provide support and staff to en-able the Executive Director to fulfill the duties of the Executive Director under this title. 
SEC. 61003. PERMITTING PROCESS IMPROVE-
MENT. 
(a) P ROJECT INITIATION AND DESIGNATION OF  
PARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
(1) N OTICE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A project sponsor of a cov-
ered project shall submit to the Executive Direc-tor and the facilitating agency notice of the ini-tiation of a proposed covered project. 
(B) D
EFAULT DESIGNATION .—If, at the time of 
submission of the notice under subparagraph (A), the Executive Director has not designated a facilitating agency under section 61002(c)(1)(B) for the categories of projects noticed, the agency that receives the notice under subparagraph (A) shall be designated as the facilitating agency. 
(C) C
ONTENTS .—Each notice described in sub-
paragraph (A) shall include— 
(i) a statement of the purposes and objectives 
of the proposed project; 
(ii) a concise description, including the gen-
eral location of the proposed project and a sum-mary of geospatial information, if available, il-lustrating the project area and the locations, if any, of environmental, cultural, and historic re-sources; 
(iii) a statement regarding the technical and 
financial ability of the project sponsor to con-struct the proposed project; 
(iv) a statement of any Federal financing, en-
vironmental reviews, and authorizations antici-pated to be required to complete the proposed project; and 
(v) an assessment that the proposed project 
meets the definition of a covered project under section 61001 and a statement of reasons sup-porting the assessment. 
(2) I
NVITATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after 
the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the fa-cilitating agency or lead agency, as applicable, shall— 
(i) identify all Federal and non-Federal agen-
cies and governmental entities likely to have fi-nancing, environmental review, authorization, 
or other responsibilities with respect to the pro-posed project; and 
(ii) invite all Federal agencies identified under 
clause (i) to become a participating agency or a cooperating agency, as appropriate, in the envi-ronmental review and authorization manage-ment process described in section 61005. 
(B) D
EADLINES .—Each invitation made under 
subparagraph (A) shall include a deadline for a response to be submitted to the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable. 
(3) P
ARTICIPATING AND COOPERATING AGEN -
CIES.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An agency invited under 
paragraph (2) shall be designated as a partici-pating or cooperating agency for a covered project, unless the agency informs the facili-tating or lead agency, as applicable, in writing before the deadline under paragraph (2)(B) that the agency— 
(i) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-
spect to the proposed project; or 
(ii) does not intend to exercise authority re-
lated to, or submit comments on, the proposed project. 
(B) C
HANGED CIRCUMSTANCES .—On request 
and a showing of changed circumstances, the Executive Director may designate an agency that has opted out under subparagraph (A)(ii) to be a participating or cooperating agency, as appropriate. 
(4) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The designation 
described in paragraph (3) shall not— 
(A) give the participating agency authority or 
jurisdiction over the covered project; or 
(B) expand any jurisdiction or authority a co-
operating agency may have over the proposed project. 
(5) L
EAD AGENCY DESIGNATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On establishment of the lead 
agency, the lead agency shall assume the re-sponsibilities of the facilitating agency under this title. 
(B) R
EDESIGNATION OF FACILITATING AGEN -
CY.—If the lead agency assumes the responsibil-
ities of the facilitating agency under subpara-graph (A), the facilitating agency may be des-ignated as a cooperative or participating agen-cy. 
(6) C
HANGE OF FACILITATING OR LEAD AGEN -
CY.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On the request of a partici-
pating agency or project sponsor, the Executive Director may designate a different agency as the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, for a covered project, if the facilitating or lead agency or the Executive Director receives new informa-tion regarding the scope or nature of a covered project that indicates that the project should be placed in a different category under section 61002(c)(1)(B). 
(B) R
ESOLUTION OF DISPUTE .—The Executive 
Director shall resolve any dispute over designa-tion of a facilitating or lead agency for a par-ticular covered project. 
(b) P
ERMITTING DASHBOARD .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director, in 
coordination with the Administrator of General Services, shall maintain an online database to be known as the ‘‘Permitting Dashboard’’ to track the status of Federal environmental re-views and authorizations for any covered project in the inventory described in section 61002(c)(1)(A). 
(B) S
PECIFIC AND SEARCHABLE ENTRY .—The 
Dashboard shall include a specific and search-able entry for each covered project. 
(2) A
DDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) E XISTING PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 
days after the date on which the Executive Di-rector adds a project to the inventory under sec-tion 61002(c)(1)(A), the Executive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(ii) N
EW PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 days 
after the date on which the Executive Director receives a notice under subsection (a)(1), the Ex-
ecutive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project, unless the Executive Director, facilitating agency, or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered project. 
(B) E
XPLANATION .—If the facilitating agency 
or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered project, the project sponsor may submit a further explanation as to why the project is a covered project not later than 14 days after the date of the determination under subparagraph (A). 
(C) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 14 
days after receiving an explanation described in subparagraph (B), the Executive Director shall— 
(i) make a final and conclusive determination 
as to whether the project is a covered project; and 
(ii) if the Executive Director determines that 
the project is a covered project, create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(3) P
OSTINGS BY AGENCIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For each covered project 
added to the Dashboard under paragraph (2), the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, and each cooperating and participating agency shall post to the Dashboard— 
(i) a hyperlink that directs to a website that 
contains, to the extent consistent with applica-ble law— 
(I) the notification submitted under subsection 
(a)(1); 
(II)(aa) where practicable, the application 
and supporting documents, if applicable, that have been submitted by a project sponsor for any required environmental review or author-ization; or 
(bb) a notice explaining how the public may 
obtain access to such documents; 
(III) a description of any Federal agency ac-
tion taken or decision made that materially af-fects the status of a covered project; 
(IV) any significant document that supports 
the action or decision described in subclause (III); and 
(V) a description of the status of any litiga-
tion to which the agency is a party that is di-rectly related to the project, including, if prac-ticable, any judicial document made available on an electronic docket maintained by a Fed-eral, State, or local court; and 
(ii) any document described in clause (i) that 
is not available by hyperlink on another website. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—The information described in 
subparagraph (A) shall be posted to the website made available by hyperlink on the Dashboard not later than 5 business days after the date on which the Federal agency receives the informa-tion. 
(4) P
OSTINGS BY THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
The Executive Director shall publish to the Dashboard— 
(A) the permitting timetable established under 
subparagraph (A) or (C) of subsection (c)(2); 
(B) the status of the compliance of each agen-
cy with the permitting timetable; 
(C) any modifications of the permitting time-
table; 
(D) an explanation of each modification de-
scribed in subparagraph (C); and 
(E) any memorandum of understanding estab-
lished under subsection (c)(3)(B). 
(c) C
OORDINATION AND TIMETABLES .— 
(1) C OORDINATED PROJECT PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in con-sultation with each coordinating and partici-pating agency, shall establish a concise plan for coordinating public and agency participation in, and completion of, any required Federal en-vironmental review and authorization for the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7511 November 3, 2015 
(B) R EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The Coordi-
nated Project Plan shall include the following information and be updated by the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, at least once per quarter: 
(i) A list of, and roles and responsibilities for, 
all entities with environmental review or au-thorization responsibility for the project. 
(ii) A permitting timetable, as described in 
paragraph (2), setting forth a comprehensive schedule of dates by which all environmental re-views and authorizations, and to the maximum extent practicable, State permits, reviews and approvals must be made. 
(iii) A discussion of potential avoidance, mini-
mization, and mitigation strategies, if required by applicable law and known. 
(iv) Plans and a schedule for public and tribal 
outreach and coordination, to the extent re-quired by applicable law. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
coordinated project plan described in subpara-graph (A) may be incorporated into a memo-randum of understanding. 
(2) P
ERMITTING TIMETABLE .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—As part of the coordination 
project plan under paragraph (1), the facili-tating or lead agency, as applicable, in con-sultation with each cooperating and partici-pating agency, the project sponsor, and any State in which the project is located, shall es-tablish a permitting timetable that includes in-termediate and final completion dates for action by each participating agency on any Federal environmental review or authorization required for the project. 
(ii) C
ONSENSUS .—In establishing a permitting 
timetable under clause (i), each agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable, make efforts to reach a consensus. 
(B) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab-
lishing the permitting timetable under subpara-graph (A), the facilitating or lead agency shall follow the performance schedules established under section 61002(c)(1)(C), but may vary the timetable based on relevant factors, including— 
(i) the size and complexity of the covered 
project; 
(ii) the resources available to each partici-
pating agency; 
(iii) the regional or national economic signifi-
cance of the project; 
(iv) the sensitivity of the natural or historic 
resources that may be affected by the project; 
(v) the financing plan for the project; and (vi) the extent to which similar projects in ge-
ographic proximity to the project were recently subject to environmental review or similar proce-dures under State law. 
(C) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with appropriate agency CERPOs and the project sponsor, shall, as necessary, me-diate any disputes regarding the permitting timetable established under subparagraph (A). 
(ii) D
ISPUTES .—If a dispute remains unre-
solved 30 days after the date on which the dis-pute was submitted to the Executive Director, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality, shall fa-cilitate a resolution of the dispute and direct the agencies party to the dispute to resolve the dis-pute by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the dispute to the Executive Director. 
(iii) F
INAL RESOLUTION .—Any action taken by 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the resolution of a dispute under clause (ii) shall— 
(I) be final and conclusive; and (II) not be subject to judicial review. (D) M
ODIFICATION AFTER APPROVAL .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The facilitating or lead agen-
cy, as applicable, may modify a permitting time-table established under subparagraph (A) only if— (I) the facilitating or lead agency, as applica-
ble, and the affected cooperating agencies, after consultation with the participating agencies, agree to a different completion date; and 
(II) the facilitating agency or lead agency, as 
applicable, or the affected cooperating agency provides a written justification for the modifica-tion. 
(ii) C
OMPLETION DATE .—A completion date in 
the permitting timetable may not be modified within 30 days of the completion date. 
(E) C
ONSISTENCY WITH OTHER TIME PERIODS .— 
A permitting timetable established under sub-paragraph (A) shall be consistent with any other relevant time periods established under Federal law and shall not prevent any cooper-ating or participating agency from discharging any obligation under Federal law in connection with the project. 
(F) C
ONFORMING TO PERMITTING TIME -
TABLES .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal agency shall 
conform to the completion dates set forth in the permitting timetable established under subpara-graph (A), or with any completion date modified under subparagraph (D). 
(ii) F
AILURE TO CONFORM .—If a Federal agen-
cy fails to conform with a completion date for agency action on a covered project or is at sig-nificant risk of failing to conform with such a completion date, the agency shall— 
(I) promptly submit to the Executive Director 
for publication on the Dashboard an expla-nation of the specific reasons for failing or sig-nificantly risking failing to conform to the com-pletion date and a proposal for an alternative completion date; 
(II) in consultation with the facilitating or 
lead agency, as applicable, establish an alter-native completion date; and 
(III) each month thereafter until the agency 
has taken final action on the delayed author-ization or review, submit to the Executive Direc-tor for posting on the Dashboard a status report describing any agency activity related to the project. 
(G) A
BANDONMENT OF COVERED PROJECT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the facilitating or lead 
agency, as applicable, has a reasonable basis to doubt the continuing technical or financial abil-ity of the project sponsor to construct the cov-ered project, the facilitating or lead agency may request the project sponsor provide an updated statement regarding the ability of the project sponsor to complete the project. 
(ii) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the project spon-
sor fails to respond to a request described in clause (i) by the date that is 30 days after re-ceiving the request, the lead or facilitating agency, as applicable, shall notify the Executive Director, who shall publish an appropriate no-tice on the Dashboard. 
(iii) P
UBLICATION TO DASHBOARD .—On publi-
cation of a notice under clause (ii), the comple-tion dates in the permitting timetable shall be tolled and agencies shall be relieved of the obli-gation to comply with subparagraph (F) until such time as the project sponsor submits to the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, an updated statement regarding the technical and financial ability of the project sponsor to con-struct the project. 
(3) C
OOPERATING STATE , LOCAL , OR TRIBAL  
GOVERNMENTS .— 
(A) S TATE AUTHORITY .—If the Federal envi-
ronmental review is being implemented within the boundaries of a State, the State, consistent with State law, may choose to participate in the environmental review and authorization process under this subsection and to make subject to the process all State agencies that— 
(i) have jurisdiction over the covered project; (ii) are required to conduct or issue a review, 
analysis, opinion, or statement for the covered project; or 
(iii) are required to make a determination on 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the covered project. (B) C
OORDINATION .—To the maximum extent 
practicable under applicable law, the facili-tating or lead agency, as applicable, shall co-ordinate the Federal environmental review and authorization processes under this subsection with any State, local, or tribal agency respon-sible for conducting any separate review or au-thorization of the covered project to ensure time-ly and efficient completion of environmental re-views and authorizations. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Any coordination plan be-
tween the facilitating or lead agency, as appli-cable, and any State, local, or tribal agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be in-cluded in a memorandum of understanding. 
(ii) S
UBMISSION TO EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The 
facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, shall submit to the Executive Director each memo-randum of understanding described in clause (i). 
(d) E
ARLY CONSULTATION .—The facilitating or 
lead agency, as applicable, shall provide an ex-peditious process for project sponsors to confer with each cooperating and participating agency involved and, not later than 60 days after the date on which the project sponsor submits a re-quest under this subsection, to have each such agency provide to the project sponsor informa-tion concerning— 
(1) the availability of information and tools, 
including pre-application toolkits, to facilitate early planning efforts; 
(2) key issues of concern to each agency and 
to the public; and 
(3) issues that must be addressed before an en-
vironmental review or authorization can be com-pleted. 
(e) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A lead agency may designate 
a participating agency as a cooperating agency in accordance with part 1501 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER DESIGNATION .—The des-
ignation described in paragraph (1) shall not af-fect any designation under subsection (a)(3). 
(3) L
IMITATION ON DESIGNATION .—Any agency 
not designated as a participating agency under subsection (a)(3) shall not be designated as a co-operating agency under paragraph (1). 
(f) R
EPORTING STATUS OF OTHER PROJECTS ON  
DASHBOARD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On request of the Executive 
Director, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army shall use best efforts to provide informa-tion for inclusion on the Dashboard on projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, and section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) likely to require— 
(A) a total investment of more than 
$200,000,000; and 
(B) an environmental impact statement under 
NEPA. 
(2) E
FFECT OF INCLUSION ON DASHBOARD .—In-
clusion on the Dashboard of information regard-ing projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, or section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) shall not subject those projects to any re-quirements of this title. 
SEC. 61004. INTERSTATE COMPACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The consent of Congress is 
given for 3 or more contiguous States to enter into an interstate compact establishing regional infrastructure development agencies to facilitate authorization and review of covered projects, under State law or in the exercise of delegated permitting authority described under section 61006, that will advance infrastructure develop-ment, production, and generation within the States that are parties to the compact. 
(b) R
EGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—For the pur-
pose of this title, a regional infrastructure devel-opment agency referred to in subsection (a) shall have the same authorities and responsibil-ities of a State agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7512 November 3, 2015 
SEC. 61005. COORDINATION OF REQUIRED RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) C ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—To integrate envi-
ronmental reviews and authorizations, each agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— 
(1) carry out the obligations of the agency 
with respect to a covered project under any other applicable law concurrently, and in con-junction with, other environmental reviews and authorizations being conducted by other cooper-ating or participating agencies, including envi-ronmental reviews and authorizations required under NEPA, unless the agency determines that doing so would impair the ability of the agency to carry out the statutory obligations of the agency; and 
(2) formulate and implement administrative, 
policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environ-mental review process in a timely, coordinated, and environmentally responsible manner. 
(b) A
DOPTION , INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE , 
ANDUSE OF DOCUMENTS .— 
(1) S TATE ENVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENTS ; SUP-
PLEMENTAL DOCUMENTS .— 
(A) U SE OF EXISTING DOCUMENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—On the request of a project 
sponsor, a lead agency shall consider and, as appropriate, adopt or incorporate by reference, the analysis and documentation that has been prepared for a covered project under State laws and procedures as the documentation, or part of the documentation, required to complete an en-vironmental review for the covered project, if the analysis and documentation were, as deter-mined by the lead agency in consultation with the Council on Environmental Quality, pre-pared under circumstances that allowed for op-portunities for public participation and consid-eration of alternatives and environmental con-sequences that are substantially equivalent to what would have been available had the docu-ments and analysis been prepared by a Federal agency pursuant to NEPA. 
(ii) G
UIDANCE BY CEQ .—The Council on Envi-
ronmental Quality may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
(B) NEPA 
OBLIGATIONS .—An environmental 
document adopted under subparagraph (A) or a document that includes documentation incor-porated under subparagraph (A) may serve as the documentation required for an environ-mental review or a supplemental environmental review required to be prepared by a lead agency under NEPA. 
(C) S
UPPLEMENTATION OF STATE DOCU -
MENTS .—If the lead agency adopts or incor-
porates analysis and documentation described in subparagraph (A), the lead agency shall pre-pare and publish a supplemental document if the lead agency determines that during the pe-riod after preparation of the analysis and docu-mentation and before the adoption or incorpora-tion— 
(i) a significant change has been made to the 
covered project that is relevant for purposes of environmental review of the project; or 
(ii) there has been a significant circumstance 
or new information has emerged that is relevant to the environmental review for the covered project. 
(D) C
OMMENTS .—If a lead agency prepares 
and publishes a supplemental document under subparagraph (C), the lead agency shall solicit comments from other agencies and the public on the supplemental document for a period of not more than 45 days, beginning on the date on which the supplemental document is published, unless— 
(i) the lead agency, the project sponsor, and 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer dead-line; or 
(ii) the lead agency extends the deadline for 
good cause. 
(E) N
OTICE OF OUTCOME OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
REVIEW .—A lead agency shall issue a record of 
decision or finding of no significant impact, as appropriate, based on the document adopted 
under subparagraph (A) and any supplemental document prepared under subparagraph (C). 
(c) A
LTERNATIVES ANALYSIS .— 
(1) P ARTICIPATION .—As early as practicable 
during the environmental review, but not later than the commencement of scoping for a project requiring the preparation of an environmental impact statement, the lead agency, in consulta-tion with each cooperating agency, shall deter-mine the range of reasonable alternatives to be considered for a covered project. 
(2) R
ANGE OF ALTERNATIVES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Following participation 
under paragraph (1) and subject to subpara-graph (B), the lead agency shall determine the range of reasonable alternatives for consider-ation in any document that the lead agency is responsible for preparing for the covered project. 
(B) A
LTERNATIVES REQUIRED BY LAW .—In de-
termining the range of alternatives under sub-paragraph (A), the lead agency shall include all alternatives required to be considered by law. 
(3) M
ETHODOLOGIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall deter-
mine, in collaboration with each cooperating agency at appropriate times during the environ-mental review, the methodologies to be used and the level of detail required in the analysis of each alternative for a covered project. 
(B) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—A cooperating 
agency shall use the methodologies referred to in subparagraph (A) when conducting any re-quired environmental review, to the extent con-sistent with existing law. 
(4) P
REFERRED ALTERNATIVE .—With the con-
currence of the cooperating agencies with juris-diction under Federal law and at the discretion of the lead agency, the preferred alternative for a project, after being identified, may be devel-oped to a higher level of detail than other alter-natives to facilitate the development of mitiga-tion measures or concurrent compliance with other applicable laws if the lead agency deter-mines that the development of the higher level of detail will not prevent— 
(A) the lead agency from making an impartial 
decision as to whether to accept another alter-native that is being considered in the environ-mental review; and 
(B) the public from commenting on the pre-
ferred and other alternatives. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW COMMENTS .— 
(1) C OMMENTS ON DRAFT ENVIRONMENTAL IM -
PACT STATEMENT .—For comments by an agency 
or the public on a draft environmental impact statement, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after the date on which a no-tice announcing availability of the environ-mental impact statement is published in the Federal Register, unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, and 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer dead-line; or 
(B) the lead agency, in consultation with each 
cooperating agency, extends the deadline for good cause. 
(2) O
THER REVIEW AND COMMENT PERIODS .— 
For all other review or comment periods in the environmental review process described in parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not more than 45 days after the date on which the materials on which comment is requested are made available, unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, and 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer dead-line; or 
(B) the lead agency extends the deadline for 
good cause. 
(e) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
(1) C OOPERATION .—The lead agency and each 
cooperating and participating agency shall work cooperatively in accordance with this sec-tion to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of an environmental review or an authorization required for the project under 
applicable law or result in the denial of any ap-proval under applicable law. 
(2) L
EAD AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall make 
information available to each cooperating and participating agency and project sponsor as early as practicable in the environmental review regarding the environmental, historic, and so-cioeconomic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alter-natives under consideration. 
(B) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—The informa-
tion described in subparagraph (A) may be based on existing data sources, including geo-graphic information systems mapping. 
(3) C
OOPERATING AND PARTICIPATING AGENCY  
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Each cooperating and par-
ticipating agency shall— 
(A) identify, as early as practicable, any 
issues of concern regarding any potential envi-ronmental impacts of the covered project, in-cluding any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from completing any environmental review or authorization required for the project; and 
(B) communicate any issues described in sub-
paragraph (A) to the project sponsor. 
(f) C
ATEGORIES OF PROJECTS .—The authorities 
granted under this section may be exercised for an individual covered project or a category of covered projects. 
SEC. 61006. DELEGATED STATE PERMITTING PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a Federal statute permits 
a Federal agency to delegate to or otherwise au-thorize a State to issue or otherwise administer a permit program in lieu of the Federal agency, the Federal agency with authority to carry out the statute shall— 
(1) on publication by the Council of best prac-
tices under section 61002(c)(2)(B), initiate a na-tional process, with public participation, to de-termine whether and the extent to which any of the best practices are generally applicable on a delegation- or authorization-wide basis to per-mitting under the statute; and 
(2) not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, make model recommenda-tions for State modifications of the applicable permit program to reflect the best practices de-scribed in section 61002(c)(2)(B), as appropriate. 
(b) B
ESTPRACTICES .—Lead and cooperating 
agencies may share with State, tribal, and local authorities best practices involved in review of covered projects and invite input from State, tribal, and local authorities regarding best prac-tices. 
SEC. 61007. LITIGATION, JUDICIAL REVIEW, AND 
SAVINGS PROVISION. 
(a) L IMITATIONS ON CLAIMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of any authorization issued by a Federal agency for a covered project shall be barred unless— 
(A) the action is filed not later than 2 years 
after the date of publication in the Federal Reg-ister of the final record of decision or approval or denial of a permit, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which judi-cial review is allowed; and 
(B) in the case of an action pertaining to an 
environmental review conducted under NEPA— 
(i) the action is filed by a party that submitted 
a comment during the environmental review or a party that lacked a reasonable opportunity to submit a comment; and 
(ii) a party filed a sufficiently detailed com-
ment so as to put the lead agency on notice of the issue on which the party seeks judicial re-view. 
(2) N
EW INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of a lead agency 
or participating agency shall consider new in-formation received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the require-ments under regulations implementing NEPA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7513 November 3, 2015 
(B) S EPARATE ACTION .—If Federal law re-
quires the preparation of a supplemental envi-ronmental impact statement or other supple-mental environmental document, the prepara-tion of such document shall be considered a sep-arate final agency action and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial review of the agency action shall be 2 years after the date on which a notice announcing the final agency action is published in the Federal Register, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which judicial review is allowed. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of an authorization. 
(b) P
RELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF .—In ad-
dition to considering any other applicable equi-table factors, in any action seeking a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction against an agency or a project sponsor in con-nection with review or authorization of a cov-ered project, the court shall— 
(1) consider the effects on public health, safe-
ty, and the environment, the potential for sig-nificant job losses, and other economic harm re-sulting from an order or injunction; and 
(2) not presume that the harms described in 
paragraph (1) are reparable. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except as provided in 
subsection (a), nothing in this title affects the reviewability of any final Federal agency action in a court of competent jurisdiction. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this title— 
(1) supersedes, amends, or modifies any Fed-
eral statute or affects the responsibility of any Federal officer to comply with or enforce any statute; or 
(2) creates a presumption that a covered 
project will be approved or favorably reviewed by any agency. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section pre-
empts, limits, or interferes with— 
(1) any practice of seeking, considering, or re-
sponding to public comment; or 
(2) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, or 
authority that a Federal, State, or local govern-mental agency, metropolitan planning organiza-tion, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provisions of law applicable to any project, plan, or program. 
SEC. 61008. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than April 15 of 
each year for 10 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Director shall submit to Congress a report detailing the progress accomplished under this title during the previous fiscal year. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall assess the performance of each participating agency and lead agency based on the best practices described in section 61002(c)(2)(B). 
(c) O
PPORTUNITY TOINCLUDE COMMENTS .— 
Each councilmember, with input from the re-spective agency CERPO, shall have the oppor-tunity to include comments concerning the per-formance of the agency in the report described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 61009. FUNDING FOR GOVERNANCE, OVER-
SIGHT, AND PROCESSING OF ENVI-RONMENTAL REVIEWS AND PER-MITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The heads of agencies listed 
in section 61002(b)(2)(B), with the guidance of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and in consultation with the Executive Director, may, after public notice and oppor-tunity for comment, issue regulations estab-lishing a fee structure for project proponents to reimburse the United States for reasonable costs incurred in conducting environmental reviews and authorizations for covered projects. 
(b) R
EASONABLE COSTS.—As used in this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘reasonable costs’’ shall include costs to implement the requirements and au-thorities required under sections 61002 and 61003, including the costs to agencies and the 
costs of operating the Council. 
(c) F
EESTRUCTURE .—The fee structure estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be developed in consultation with affected 
project proponents, industries, and other stake-holders; 
(2) exclude parties for which the fee would im-
pose an undue financial burden or is otherwise determined to be inappropriate; and 
(3) be established in a manner that ensures 
that the aggregate amount of fees collected for a fiscal year is estimated not to exceed 20 per-cent of the total estimated costs for the fiscal year for the resources allocated for the conduct 
of the environmental reviews and authorizations covered by this title, as determined by the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW AND PERMITTING  
IMPROVEMENT FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—All amounts collected pursu-
ant to this section shall be deposited into a sep-arate fund in the Treasury of the United States to be known as the ‘‘Environmental Review Im-provement Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’). 
(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the Fund shall 
be available to the Executive Director, without appropriation or fiscal year limitation, solely for the purposes of administering, implementing, and enforcing this title, including the expenses of the Council. 
(3) T
RANSFER .—The Executive Director, with 
the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may transfer amounts in the Fund to other agencies to facilitate timely and efficient environmental reviews and author-izations for proposed covered projects. 
(e) E
FFECT ON PERMITTING .—The regulations 
adopted pursuant to subsection (a) shall ensure that the use of funds accepted under subsection (d) will not impact impartial decision-making with respect to environmental reviews or au-thorizations, either substantively or proce-durally. 
(f) T
RANSFER OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The heads of agencies listed 
in section 61002(b)(2)(B) shall have the author-ity to transfer, in accordance with section 1535 of title 31, United States Code, funds appro-priated to those agencies and not otherwise obli-gated to other affected Federal agencies for the purpose of implementing the provisions of this title. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Appropriations under title 
23, United States Code and appropriations for the civil works program of the Army Corps of Engineers shall not be available for transfer under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 61010. APPLICATION. 
This title applies to any covered project for 
which— 
(1) a notice is filed under section 61003(a)(1); 
or 
(2) an application or other request for a Fed-
eral authorization is pending before a Federal agency 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 61011. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that includes an analysis of whether the provi-sions of this title could be adapted to streamline the Federal permitting process for smaller projects that are not covered projects. 
TITLE LXII—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
DIVISION G—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION 
SEC. 70001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may cited as the ‘‘Surface 
Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXI—EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID 
HIGHWAY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 71001. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID HIGH-
WAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001 of the Highway 
and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1840; 129 Stat. 219) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘July 31, 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting ‘‘365⁄365’’; 
and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting ‘‘365⁄365’’; 
and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘by this 
subsection’’. 
(b) O BLIGATION CEILING .—Section 1102 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112– 141) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$33,528,284,932’’ and inserting 
‘‘$40,256,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(12)— (A) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting ‘‘365⁄365’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting ‘‘365⁄365’’; 
and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(c) T
RIBAL HIGHPRIORITY PROJECTS PRO-
GRAM .—Section 1123(h)(1) of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 
202 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$24,986,301’’ and inserting 
‘‘$30,000,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
SEC. 71002. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF CONTRACT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 1002(a) of the Highway and 
Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$366,465,753’’ and inserting 
‘‘$440,000,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(b) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—Section 1002(b)(2) 
of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXII—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF 
PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 72001. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
Section 5311(c)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ending 
before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ending 
before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 72002. APPORTIONMENT OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5336(h)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘before October 1, 2014’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘before October 1, 2015’’. 
SEC. 72003. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 5338(a) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2014’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2014, and $8,595,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7514 November 3, 2015 
(2) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$107,274,521 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$128,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $8,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking 
‘‘$3,713,505,753 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (D), by striking 
‘‘$215,132,055 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$258,300,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘$506,222,466 for the period be-
ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$607,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$24,986,301 for the period be-
ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$16,657,534 for the period be-
ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(G) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(H) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $3,206,575 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(I) in subparagraph (I), by striking 
‘‘$1,803,927,671 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,165,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(J) in subparagraph (J), by striking 
‘‘$356,304,658 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$427,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; and 
(K) in subparagraph (K), by striking 
‘‘$438,009,863 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$525,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRATION  
ANDDEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—Section 5338(b) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$58,301,370 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$70,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(c) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—Section 5338(c) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 5338(d) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(e) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .—Sec-
tion 5338(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for fis-cal year 2015’’. 
(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—Section 
5338(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘$1,558,295,890 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,907,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(g) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 5338(h) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$86,619,178 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘$104,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2013 and 
2014 and not less than $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2013 and 
2014 and not less than $832,877 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’. 
SEC. 72004. BUS AND BUS FACILITIES FORMULA 
GRANTS. 
Section 5339(d)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2013 and 2014 and $54,553,425 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and $1,041,096 for such pe-
riod’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘and $416,438 for such period’’. 
TITLE LXXIII—EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY 
SAFETY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
SEC. 73101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY 
TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAMS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
31101(a)(1)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $235,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—Section 31101(a)(2)(C) of MAP–21 (126 
Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $113,500,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 31101(a)(3)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $272,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—Section 
31101(a)(4)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PROGRAM .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 31101(a)(5)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $29,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (B) L
AW ENFORCEMENT CAMPAIGNS .—Section 
2009(a) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note) is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘and 2014 
and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2015’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘and 
2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through 2015’’. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31101(a)(6)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (b) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.—Section 403(f)(1) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under subsection 402(c) in each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $2,082,192 of the total amount avail-able for apportionment to the States for high-way safety programs under section 402(c) in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 402(c) in each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015,’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Section 
31101(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
SEC. 73102. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS .—Section 
31104(a)(10) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31104(i)(1)(J) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(J) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (c) G
RANT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Section 4101(c)(1) of 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
4101(c)(2) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $26,652,055 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFORMA -
TION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT GRANT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(3) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $20,821,918 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 4101(c)(5) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(d) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2014 and up to $12,493,151 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’. 
(e) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘per fiscal year and up to $26,652,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘per fiscal year’’. 
(f) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION .—Section 
4127(e) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1741) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(g) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2014 and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2015’’. 
SEC. 73103. DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish 
Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘each fiscal year through 2014 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year through 2015’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘for 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7515 November 3, 2015 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Materials 
SEC. 73201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5128(a)(3) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(3) $42,762,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS FUND.—Section 5128(b)(2) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2015 .—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund estab-lished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend during fiscal year 2015— 
‘‘(A) $188,000 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(B) $21,800,000 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $13,650,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(C) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(D) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under section 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(E) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(j).’’. (c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—Section 5128(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fis-cal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXIV—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
DIVISION H—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
SEC. 80001. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the pur-
pose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go-Act of 2010, shall be determined by ref-erence to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, sub-mitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Com-mittee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
SEC. 80002. MAINTENANCE OF HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND CASH BALANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H IGHWAY ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Highway 
Account’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9503(e)(5)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(2) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—The term ‘‘High-
way Trust Fund’’ means the Highway Trust Fund established by section 9503(a) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(3) M
ASS TRANSIT ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Mass 
Transit Account’’ means the Mass Transit Ac-count established by section 9503(e)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION ON OBLIGATIONS .—If the Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines under the test or reevalua-tion described under subsection (c) or (d) that the projected cash balances of either the High-way Account or the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund will fall below the lev-els described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of sub-section (c)(2) at any time during the fiscal year for which that determination applies, the Sec-retary shall not approve any obligation of funds authorized out of the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund during that fiscal year. 
(c) C
ASHBALANCE TEST.—On July 15 prior to 
the beginning of each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall— 
(1) based on data available for the midsession 
review described under section 1106 of title 31, United States Code, estimate the projected cash balances of the Highway Account and the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund for the upcoming fiscal year; and 
(2) determine if those cash balances— (A) are projected to fall below the amount of 
$4,000,000,000 at any time during that upcoming fiscal year in the Highway Account of the High-
way Trust Fund; or 
(B) are projected to fall below the amount of 
$1,000,000,000 at any time during that upcoming fiscal year in the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund. 
(d) R
EEVALUATION .—The Secretary shall con-
duct the test described under subsection (c) again during a respective fiscal year— 
(1) if a law is enacted that provides additional 
revenues, deposits, or transfers to the Highway Trust Fund; or 
(2) when the President submits to Congress 
under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, updated outlay estimates or revenue pro-jections related to the Highway Trust Fund. 
(e) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 15 days 
after a determination is made under subsection (c) or (d), the Secretary shall provide notifica-tion of the determination to— 
(1) the Committee on Environment and Public 
Works of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives; 
(3) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
(4) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; and 
(5) State transportation departments and des-
ignated recipients. 
(f) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding subsection 
(b), the Secretary shall approve obligations in every fiscal year for— 
(1) administrative expenses of the Federal 
Highway Administration, including any admin-istrative expenses funded under— 
(A) section 104(a) of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(B) the tribal transportation program under 
section 202(a)(6), of title 23, United States Code; 
(C) the Federal lands transportation program 
under section 203 of title 23, United States Code; and 
(D) chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code; (2) funds for the national highway perform-
ance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation on obligations; 
(3) the emergency relief program under section 
125 of title 23, United States Code; 
(4) the administrative expenses of the National 
Highway Traffic Safety Administration in car-rying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code; 
(5) the highway safety programs under section 
402 of title 23, United States Code, and national priority safety programs under section 405 of title 23, United States Code; 
(6) the high visibility enforcement program 
under section 2009 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note; Public Law 109–59); 
(7) the highway safety research and develop-
ment program under section 403 of title 23, United States Code; 
(8) the national driver register under chapter 
303 of title 49, United States Code; 
(9) the motor carrier safety assistance program 
under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(10) the administrative expenses of the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration under sec-tion 31110 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(11) the administrative expenses of the Federal 
Transit Administration funded under section 5338(h) of title 49, United States Code, to carry out section 5329 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 80003. PROHIBITION ON RESCISSIONS OF 
CERTAIN CONTRACT AUTHORITY. 
For purposes of the enforcement of a point of 
order established under the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the deter-mination of levels under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) or the Statutory Pay-As-You- Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 931 et seq.), and the en-forcement of a point of order established under or the determination of levels under a concur-rent resolution on the budget, the rescission of contract authority that is provided under this 
Act or an amendment made by this Act for fiscal year 2019, 2020, or 2021 shall not be counted. 
DIVISION I—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 90001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Export-Im-
port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE XCI—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PRO-
VISIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
SEC. 91001. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F
REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF DEFAULT  
RATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the rate cal-
culated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 percent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insurance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under section 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 91002. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank shall 
build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guarantees, and insur-ance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 91003. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank Re-
authorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not later 
than 4 years after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and ef-
fectiveness of the controls used by the Export- Import Bank of the United States to prevent, de-tect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the controls, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such rec-ommendations with respect to the controls de-scribed in paragraph (1) as the Comptroller Gen-eral deems appropriate to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 91004. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an 
Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7516 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(2) H EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Export- Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have expe-
rience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position requir-
ing appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the des-ignated agency ethics official for the Bank pur-suant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has juris-
diction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect to employees of the Bank, the Office of Ethics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to es-
tablish or enforce standards of official conduct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct applica-
ble to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct estab-
lished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a violation of any law applicable to the performance of offi-cial duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding the 
propriety of any current or proposed conduct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as nec-essary.’’. 
SEC. 91005. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 91004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be a Chief Risk 
Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk within 
the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Export- Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the general 
management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, financial risk evalua-tion practices in large governmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position requir-
ing appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk Of-
ficer are— 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters related to 
managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of management compliance with risk limits, and the manage-ment of risk exposures and risk controls across the Bank; ‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management activi-ties, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and man-aging internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk assess-
ment and underwriting for individual trans-actions considers how each such transaction considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the overall port-folio of the Bank, taking into account fees, collateralization, and historic default rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by the 
Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 91006. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 91004 and 91005, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a 
management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the mem-bers of the Board of Directors, with the Presi-dent and First Vice President of the Bank serv-ing as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Manage-
ment Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the Office 
of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire Bank 
portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of commercial and multi-lateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geographic, 
and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the de-
fault rate of the Bank before submission to Con-gress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 91007. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the Ex-
port-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, in-cluding a review of the implementation by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(l) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section 91005. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years thereafter, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in carrying out subsection (a). 
SEC. 91008. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any provi-
sion of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associ-ated with the provision of guarantees, insur-ance, or credit, or the participation in the exten-sion of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT .— 
The aggregate amount of liability the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a 
contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed 
$1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into under subsection (a) during that fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year preceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to affect, impede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program carried 
out under subsection (a) shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
TITLE XCII—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
SEC. 92001. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of the 
Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 92002. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL AND  
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall in-
clude in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the programs of the Bank for United States businesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United States submitted to Congress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE XCIII—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
SEC. 93001. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank Act 
of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date of 
the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Re-form and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with re-
spect to transactions whenever possible, includ-ing copies of bills of lading, certifications, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal en-forcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all of its 
programs.’’. 
SEC. 93002. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 1945 
(12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 
and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
TITLE XCIV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 94001. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7517 November 3, 2015 
(b) D UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of Pub-
lic Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Export- Import Bank of the United States expires under section 7 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 94002. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERM FINANC -
ING.—Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more than 
$25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING TO  
INSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS.—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section 11(a)(1)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i–5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pur-suant to international agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-manage-ment framework adopted by financial institu-tions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (com-monly referred to as the ‘Equator Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
TITLE XCV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 95001. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED 
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this 
Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing based 
solely on the industry, sector, or business that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies that 
discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or business that the ap-plication concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions under 
paragraph (1) apply only to applications for fi-nancing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or trans-mission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regardless of the energy source in-volved.’’. 
SEC. 95002. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT 
CREDIT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of eliminating’’ 
and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, be-fore the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Re-form and Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strategy for achiev-ing the proposal, that the United States Govern-ment will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non- OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-financ-ing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export sub-sidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD M EM-
BERS.—The President shall initiate and pursue 
negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilat-eral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported export credits. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NEGO-
TIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through calendar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports required to be sub-mitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 95003. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF BANK 
PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank of the 
United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by companies that export in-formation and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall exam-ine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of information and communications technology services and re-lated goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase exports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and communica-tions technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit agen-
cies to facilitate the export of information and communications technology services and related goods. 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank could 
provide additional financing for the exportation of information and communications technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export credit agencies and other third parties. (5) Proposals for new products the Bank could 
offer to provide financing for exports of infor-mation and communications technology services and related goods, including— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would need 
additional authority to offer new products to meet the needs of the information and commu-nications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law that 
would enable the Bank to provide increased fi-nancing for exports of information and commu-nications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable the 
Bank to provide increased outreach to the infor-mation and communications technology indus-try about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law that 
would enable the Bank to provide the financing to build information and communications tech-nology infrastructure, in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access opportunities for United States information and communications tech-nology companies to provide services on the in-frastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
The CHAIR. No further amendment 
to the Senate amendment, as amended, shall be in order except for an amend-ment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32, which shall be considered as pending, shall be consid-ered as read, shall not be debatable, shall not be subject to amendment ex-cept as specified in section 2(b) of House Resolution 507, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
No amendment to the further amend-
ment referred to in section 2(a) of House Resolution 507 shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–325. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order print-
ed in the report, by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. 
Pursuant to the rule, an amendment 
consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–32 is now pending. 
The Clerk will designate the amend-
ment. 
The text of the House amendment to 
the Senate amendment, as amended, to the text is as follows; 
In the matter proposed to be inserted by 
the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, strike section 1 and all that follows through division B and insert the following: 
DIVISION A—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation Reauthoriza-tion and Reform Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
DIVISION A—SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.016 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7518 November 3, 2015 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
Sec. 3. Effective date. Sec. 4. References. 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
Sec. 1101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 1102. Obligation ceiling. Sec. 1103. Definitions. Sec. 1104. Apportionment. Sec. 1105. National highway performance 
program. 
Sec. 1106. Surface transportation block 
grant program. 
Sec. 1107. Railway-highway grade crossings. Sec. 1108. Highway safety improvement pro-
gram. 
Sec. 1109. Congestion mitigation and air 
quality improvement program. 
Sec. 1110. National highway freight policy. Sec. 1111. Nationally significant freight and 
highway projects. 
Sec. 1112. Territorial and Puerto Rico high-
way program. 
Sec. 1113. Federal lands and tribal transpor-
tation program. 
Sec. 1114. Tribal transportation program. Sec. 1115. Federal lands transportation pro-
gram. 
Sec. 1116. Tribal transportation self-govern-
ance program. 
Sec. 1117. Emergency relief. Sec. 1118. Highway use tax evasion projects. Sec. 1119. Bundling of bridge projects. Sec. 1120. Tribal High Priority Projects pro-
gram. 
Sec. 1121. Construction of ferry boats and 
ferry terminal facilities. 
Subtitle B—Planning and Performance 
Management 
Sec. 1201. Metropolitan transportation plan-
ning. 
Sec. 1202. Statewide and nonmetropolitan 
transportation planning. 
Subtitle C—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
Sec. 1301. Satisfaction of requirements for 
certain historic sites. 
Sec. 1302. Treatment of improvements to 
rail and transit under preserva-tion requirements. 
Sec. 1303. Clarification of transportation en-
vironmental authorities. 
Sec. 1304. Treatment of certain bridges 
under preservation require-ments. 
Sec. 1305. Efficient environmental reviews 
for project decisionmaking. 
Sec. 1306. Improving transparency in envi-
ronmental reviews. 
Sec. 1307. Integration of planning and envi-
ronmental review. 
Sec. 1308. Development of programmatic 
mitigation plans. 
Sec. 1309. Delegation of authorities. Sec. 1310. Categorical exclusion for projects 
of limited Federal assistance. 
Sec. 1311. Application of categorical exclu-
sions for multimodal projects. 
Sec. 1312. Surface transportation project de-
livery program. 
Sec. 1313. Program for eliminating duplica-
tion of environmental reviews. 
Sec. 1314. Assessment of progress on accel-
erating project delivery. 
Sec. 1315. Improving State and Federal agen-
cy engagement in environ-mental reviews. 
Sec. 1316. Accelerated decisionmaking in en-
vironmental reviews. 
Sec. 1317. Aligning Federal environmental 
reviews. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous 
Sec. 1401. Tolling; HOV facilities; Interstate 
reconstruction and rehabilita-tion. 
Sec. 1402. Prohibition on the use of funds for 
automated traffic enforcement. Sec. 1403. Minimum penalties for repeat of-
fenders for driving while intoxi-cated or driving under the in-fluence. 
Sec. 1404. Highway Trust Fund transparency 
and accountability. 
Sec. 1405. High priority corridors on Na-
tional Highway System. 
Sec. 1406. Flexibility for projects. Sec. 1407. Productive and timely expendi-
ture of funds. 
Sec. 1408. Consolidation of programs. Sec. 1409. Federal share payable. Sec. 1410. Elimination or modification of 
certain reporting requirements. 
Sec. 1411. Technical corrections. 
Sec. 1412. Safety for users. Sec. 1413. Design standards. Sec. 1414. Reserve fund. Sec. 1415. Adjustments. Sec. 1416. National electric vehicle charging, 
hydrogen, and natural gas fuel-ing corridors. 
Sec. 1417. Ferries. Sec. 1418. Study on performance of bridges. Sec. 1419. Relinquishment of park-and-ride 
lot facilities. 
Sec. 1420. Pilot program. Sec. 1421. Innovative project delivery exam-
ples. 
Sec. 1422. Administrative provisions to en-
courage pollinator habitat and forage on transportation rights- of-way. 
Sec. 1423. Milk products. Sec. 1424. Interstate weight limits for emer-
gency vehicles. 
Sec. 1425. Vehicle weight limitations—Inter-
state System. 
Sec. 1426. New national goal, performance 
measure, and performance tar-get. 
Sec. 1427. Service club, charitable associa-
tion, or religious service signs. 
Sec. 1428. Work zone and guard rail safety 
training. 
Sec. 1429. Motorcyclist advisory council. 
Sec. 1430. Highway work zones. 
TITLE II—INNOVATIVE PROJECT 
FINANCE 
Sec. 2001. Transportation Infrastructure Fi-
nance and Innovation Act of 1998 amendments. 
Sec. 2002. State infrastructure bank pro-
gram. 
Sec. 2003. Availability payment concession 
model. 
TITLE III—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 3001. Short title. 
Sec. 3002. Definitions. Sec. 3003. Metropolitan and statewide trans-
portation planning. 
Sec. 3004. Urbanized area formula grants. Sec. 3005. Fixed guideway capital invest-
ment grants. 
Sec. 3006. Formula grants for enhanced mo-
bility of seniors and individuals with disabilities. 
Sec. 3007. Formula grants for rural areas. Sec. 3008. Public transportation innovation. Sec. 3009. Technical assistance and work-
force development. 
Sec. 3010. Bicycle facilities. Sec. 3011. General provisions. Sec. 3012. Public transportation safety pro-
gram. 
Sec. 3013. Apportionments. Sec. 3014. State of good repair grants. Sec. 3015. Authorizations. Sec. 3016. Bus and bus facility grants. Sec. 3017. Obligation ceiling. Sec. 3018. Innovative procurement. Sec. 3019. Review of public transportation 
safety standards. 
Sec. 3020. Study on evidentiary protection 
for public transportation safety program information. Sec. 3021. Mobility of seniors and individuals 
with disabilities. 
Sec. 3022. Improved transit safety measures. Sec. 3023. Paratransit system under FTA ap-
proved coordinated plan. 
TITLE IV—HIGHWAY SAFETY 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 4002. Highway safety programs. Sec. 4003. Highway safety research and de-
velopment. 
Sec. 4004. High-visibility enforcement pro-
gram. 
Sec. 4005. National priority safety programs. Sec. 4006. Prohibition on funds to check hel-
met usage or create related checkpoints for a motorcycle driver or passenger. 
Sec. 4007. Marijuana-impaired driving. Sec. 4008. National priority safety program 
grant eligibility. 
Sec. 4009. Data collection. Sec. 4010. Technical corrections. 
TITLE V—MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
Sec. 5101. Grants to States. 
Sec. 5102. Performance and registration in-
formation systems manage-ment. 
Sec. 5103. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 5104. Commercial driver’s license pro-
gram implementation. 
Sec. 5105. Extension of Federal motor car-
rier safety programs for fiscal year 2016. 
Sec. 5106. Motor carrier safety assistance 
program allocation. 
Sec. 5107. Maintenance of effort calculation. 
Subtitle B—Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration Reform 
P
ARTI—R EGULATORY REFORM  
Sec. 5201. Notice of cancellation of insur-
ance. 
Sec. 5202. Regulations. Sec. 5203. Guidance. Sec. 5204. Petitions. 
P
ARTII—C OMPLIANCE , SAFETY , 
ACCOUNTABILITY REFORM  
Sec. 5221. Correlation study. 
Sec. 5222. Beyond compliance. Sec. 5223. Data certification. Sec. 5224. Interim hiring standard. 
Subtitle C—Commercial Motor Vehicle 
Safety 
Sec. 5301. Implementing safety require-
ments. 
Sec. 5302. Windshield mounted safety tech-
nology. 
Sec. 5303. Prioritizing statutory 
rulemakings. 
Sec. 5304. Safety reporting system. Sec. 5305. New entrant safety review pro-
gram. 
Sec. 5306. Ready mixed concrete trucks. 
Subtitle D—Commercial Motor Vehicle 
Drivers 
Sec. 5401. Opportunities for veterans. 
Sec. 5402. Drug-free commercial drivers. Sec. 5403. Certified medical examiners. Sec. 5404. Graduated commercial driver’s li-
cense pilot program. 
Sec. 5405. Veterans expanded trucking op-
portunities. 
Subtitle E—General Provisions 
Sec. 5501. Minimum financial responsibility. 
Sec. 5502. Delays in goods movement. Sec. 5503. Report on motor carrier financial 
responsibility. 
Sec. 5504. Emergency route working group. Sec. 5505. Household goods consumer protec-
tion working group. 
Sec. 5506. Technology improvements. Sec. 5507. Notification regarding motor car-
rier registration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7519 November 3, 2015 
Sec. 5508. Report on commercial driver’s li-
cense skills test delays. 
Sec. 5509. Covered farm vehicles. Sec. 5510. Operators of hi-rail vehicles. 
Sec. 5511. Electronic logging device require-
ments. 
Sec. 5512. Technical corrections. Sec. 5513. Automobile transporter. Sec. 5514. Ready mix concrete delivery vehi-
cles. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION 
Sec. 6001. Short title. 
Sec. 6002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 6003. Advanced transportation and con-
gestion management tech-nologies deployment. 
Sec. 6004. Technology and innovation de-
ployment program. 
Sec. 6005. Intelligent transportation system 
goals. 
Sec. 6006. Intelligent transportation system 
program report. 
Sec. 6007. Intelligent transportation system 
national architecture and standards. 
Sec. 6008. Communication systems deploy-
ment report. 
Sec. 6009. Infrastructure development. Sec. 6010. Departmental research programs. Sec. 6011. Research and Innovative Tech-
nology Administration. 
Sec. 6012. Office of Intermodalism. Sec. 6013. University transportation centers. Sec. 6014. Bureau of Transportation Statis-
tics. 
Sec. 6015. Surface transportation system 
funding alternatives. 
Sec. 6016. Future interstate study. Sec. 6017. Highway efficiency. Sec. 6018. Motorcycle safety. Sec. 6019. Hazardous materials research and 
development. 
Sec. 6020. Web-based training for emergency 
responders. 
Sec. 6021. Transportation technology policy 
working group. 
Sec. 6022. Collaboration and support. Sec. 6023. Prize competitions. Sec. 6024. GAO report. Sec. 6025. Intelligent transportation system 
purposes. 
Sec. 6026. Infrastructure integrity. 
TITLE VII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 7001. Short title. 
Sec. 7002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 7003. National emergency and disaster 
response. 
Sec. 7004. Enhanced reporting. Sec. 7005. Wetlines. Sec. 7006. Improving publication of special 
permits and approvals. 
Sec. 7007. GAO study on acceptance of clas-
sification examinations. 
Sec. 7008. Improving the effectiveness of 
planning and training grants. 
Sec. 7009. Motor carrier safety permits. Sec. 7010. Thermal blankets. Sec. 7011. Comprehensive oil spill response 
plans. 
Sec. 7012. Information on high-hazard flam-
mable trains. 
Sec. 7013. Study and testing of electroni-
cally controlled pneumatic brakes. 
Sec. 7014. Ensuring safe implementation of 
positive train control systems. 
Sec. 7015. Phase-out of all tank cars used to 
transport Class 3 flammable liq-uids. 
TITLE VIII—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 8001. Multimodal freight transpor-
tation. 
TITLE IX—NATIONAL SURFACE TRANS-
PORTATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU 
Sec. 9001. National Surface Transportation 
and Innovative Finance Bureau. 
Sec. 9002. Council on Credit and Finance. TITLE X—SPORT FISH RESTORATION 
AND RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY 
Sec. 10001. Allocations. 
Sec. 10002. Recreational boating safety. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the following definitions apply: 
(1) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
(2) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, this Act, in-
cluding the amendments made by this Act, takes effect on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 4. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, 
any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
SEC. 1101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(1) F
EDERAL -AID HIGHWAY PROGRAM .—For 
the national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation block grant program under section 133 of that title, the highway safety improvement program under section 148 of that title, the congestion miti-gation and air quality improvement program under section 149 of that title, and to carry out section 134 of that title— 
(A) $38,419,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $39,113,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $39,927,500,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $40,764,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $41,623,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $42,483,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (2) T
RANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FI -
NANCE AND INNOVATION PROGRAM .—For credit 
assistance under the transportation infra-structure finance and innovation program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(3) F
EDERAL LANDS AND TRIBAL TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAMS .— 
(A) T RIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .—For 
the tribal transportation program under sec-tion 202 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $465,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $475,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $485,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $490,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (v) $495,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (B) F
EDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION PRO -
GRAM .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—For the Federal lands 
transportation program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code— 
(I) $325,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (II) $335,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (III) $345,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (IV) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (V) $375,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (VI) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (ii) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amount made 
available for a fiscal year under clause (i)— 
(I) the amount for the National Park Serv-
ice is— 
(aa) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (bb) $268,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (cc) $276,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (dd) $280,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (ee) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (ff) $320,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (II) the amount for the United States Fish 
and Wildlife Service is $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021; and 
(III) the amount for the United States For-
est Service is— (aa) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; 
(bb) $16,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (cc) $17,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (dd) $18,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (ee) $19,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (ff) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (C) F
EDERAL LANDS ACCESS PROGRAM .—For 
the Federal lands access program under sec-tion 204 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $255,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $265,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (v) $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (4) T
ERRITORIAL AND PUERTO RICO HIGHWAY  
PROGRAM .—For the territorial and Puerto 
Rico highway program under section 165 of title 23, United States Code, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(5) N
ATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FREIGHT AND  
HIGHWAY PROJECTS .—For nationally signifi-
cant freight and highway projects under sec-tion 117 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $725,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $735,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and (C) $750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 
through 2021. 
(b) D
ISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTER -
PRISES .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) while significant progress has occurred 
due to the establishment of the disadvan-taged business enterprise program, discrimi-nation and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority- and women-owned businesses seeking to do busi-ness in federally assisted surface transpor-tation markets across the United States; 
(B) the continuing barriers described in 
subparagraph (A) merit the continuation of the disadvantaged business enterprise pro-gram; 
(C) Congress has received and reviewed tes-
timony and documentation of race and gen-der discrimination from numerous sources, including congressional hearings and roundtables, scientific reports, reports issued by public and private agencies, news stories, reports of discrimination by organizations and individuals, and discrimination lawsuits, which show that race- and gender-neutral ef-forts alone are insufficient to address the problem; 
(D) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) demonstrate that discrimination across the United States poses a barrier to full and fair participation in surface transportation-related businesses of women business owners and minority busi-ness owners and has impacted firm develop-ment and many aspects of surface transpor-tation-related business in the public and pri-vate markets; and 
(E) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) provide a strong basis that there is a compelling need for the continuation of the disadvantaged business enterprise program to address race and gen-der discrimination in surface transportation- related business. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions apply: 
(A) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ means a small business concern (as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-vidual or individuals that have average an-nual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $23,980,000, as ad-justed annually by the Secretary for infla-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7520 November 3, 2015 
(B) S OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUALS .—The term ‘‘socially and 
economically disadvantaged individuals’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and relevant subcontracting regulations issued pursuant to that Act, except that women shall be presumed to be socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals for pur-poses of this subsection. 
(3) A
MOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERNS .—Except to the extent that the Sec-
retary determines otherwise, not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available for any program under titles I, II, III, and VI of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, shall be expended through small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals. 
(4) A
NNUAL LISTING OF DISADVANTAGED BUSI -
NESS ENTERPRISES .—Each State shall annu-
ally— 
(A) survey and compile a list of the small 
business concerns referred to in paragraph (3) in the State, including the location of the small business concerns in the State; and 
(B) notify the Secretary, in writing, of the 
percentage of the small business concerns that are controlled by— 
(i) women; (ii) socially and economically disadvan-
taged individuals (other than women); and 
(iii) individuals who are women and are 
otherwise socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals. 
(5) U
NIFORM CERTIFICATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish minimum uniform criteria for use by State governments in certifying whether a concern qualifies as a small business concern for the purpose of this subsection. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The minimum uniform 
criteria established under subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to a potential small business concern— 
(i) on-site visits; (ii) personal interviews with personnel; (iii) issuance or inspection of licenses; (iv) analyses of stock ownership; (v) listings of equipment; (vi) analyses of bonding capacity; (vii) listings of work completed; (viii) examination of the resumes of prin-
cipal owners; 
(ix) analyses of financial capacity; and (x) analyses of the type of work preferred. (6) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish minimum requirements for use by State governments in reporting to the Secretary— 
(A) information concerning disadvantaged 
business enterprise awards, commitments, and achievements; and 
(B) such other information as the Sec-
retary determines to be appropriate for the proper monitoring of the disadvantaged busi-ness enterprise program. 
(7) C
OMPLIANCE WITH COURT ORDERS .—Noth-
ing in this subsection limits the eligibility of an individual or entity to receive funds made available under titles I, II, III, and VI of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, if the entity or person is prevented, in whole or in part, from complying with para-graph (3) because a Federal court issues a final order in which the court finds that a re-quirement or the implementation of para-graph (3) is unconstitutional. 
SEC. 1102. OBLIGATION CEILING. 
(a) G ENERAL LIMITATION .—Subject to sub-
section (e), and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the obligations for Federal- aid highway and highway safety construc-tion programs shall not exceed— 
(1) $40,867,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $41,599,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $42,453,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $43,307,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; 
(5) $44,201,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (6) $45,096,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations under 
subsection (a) shall not apply to obligations under or for— 
(1) section 125 of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-
tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); 
(3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway 
Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); 
(4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of 
the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
(5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of 
the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
(6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); 
(7) section 157 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); 
(8) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(9) Federal-aid highway programs for 
which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; 
(10) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; 
(12) section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); and 
(13) section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code (but, for fiscal years 2016 through 2021, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years). 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF OBLIGATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2021, the Secretary— 
(1) shall not distribute obligation author-
ity provided by subsection (a) for the fiscal year for— 
(A) amounts authorized for administrative 
expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of 
Transportation Statistics; 
(2) shall not distribute an amount of obli-
gation authority provided by subsection (a) that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— 
(A) made available from the Highway 
Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and 
(B) for which obligation authority was pro-
vided in a previous fiscal year; 
(3) shall determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation authority provided by 
subsection (a) for the fiscal year, less the ag-gregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to 
(B) the total of the sums authorized to be 
appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs 
(other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (12) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(13) for the fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section; 
(4) shall distribute the obligation author-
ity provided by subsection (a), less the aggre-gate amounts not distributed under para-graphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) applies) that are allocated by the Secretary under this Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under sections 202 or 204 of that title, by multi-plying— 
(A) the proportion determined under para-
graph (3); by 
(B) the amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for each such program for the fiscal year; and 
(5) shall distribute the obligation author-
ity provided by subsection (a), less the aggre-gate amounts not distributed under para-graphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distrib-uted under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Sec-retary under title 23, United States Code (other than the amounts apportioned for the national highway performance program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(13) and the amounts appor-tioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— 
(A) amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for the fiscal year; bears to 
(B) the total of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for the fiscal year. 
(d) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  
AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
(1) revise a distribution of the obligation 
authority made available under subsection (c) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and 
(2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141)) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), obligation limitations im-posed by subsection (a) shall apply to con-tract authority for transportation research programs carried out under— 
(A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States 
Code; and 
(B) title VI of this Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made 
available under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal 
years; and 
(B) be in addition to the amount of any 
limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. 
(f) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  
FUNDS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7521 November 3, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c) for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021, the Secretary shall distribute to the States any funds (ex-cluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— 
(A) are authorized to be appropriated for 
the fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and 
(B) the Secretary determines will not be 
allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for the fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for the fiscal year. 
(2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed 
under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c)(5). 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to 
each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 1103. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 101(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (29); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (15) 
through (28) as paragraphs (16) through (29), 
respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (14) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(15) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT NET -
WORK .—The term ‘National Highway Freight 
Network’ means the National Highway Freight Network established under section 167.’’. 
SEC. 1104. APPORTIONMENT. 
(a) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
104(a)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to be made available to the Secretary for adminis-trative expenses of the Federal Highway Ad-ministration $440,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
(b) D
IVISION AMONG PROGRAMS OF STATE ’S 
SHARE OF BASE APPORTIONMENT .—Section 
104(b) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading by striking 
‘‘D
IVISION OF STATE APPORTIONMENTS AMONG  
PROGRAMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘D IVISION AMONG  
PROGRAMS OF STATE ’SSHARE OF BASEAPPOR -
TIONMENT ’’; 
(2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘of the base apportion-
ment’’ after ‘‘the amount’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘surface transportation 
program’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transpor-tation block grant program’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading by striking 
‘‘S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘S URFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK  
GRANT PROGRAM ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘surface transportation 
program’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transpor-tation block grant program’’; and 
(4) in each of paragraphs (4) and (5), in the 
matter preceding subparagraph (A), by in-serting ‘‘of the base apportionment’’ after ‘‘the amount’’. 
(c) C
ALCULATION OF STATE AMOUNTS .—Sec-
tion 104(c) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) C
ALCULATION OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATE SHARE .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2021, the amount for each State shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(A) I
NITIAL AMOUNTS .—The initial 
amounts for each State shall be determined by multiplying— ‘‘(i) each of— 
‘‘(I) the base apportionment; ‘‘(II) supplemental funds reserved under 
subsection (h)(1) for the national highway performance program; and 
‘‘(III) supplemental funds reserved under 
subsection (h)(2) for the surface transpor-tation block grant program; by 
‘‘(ii) the share for each State, which shall 
be equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(I) the amount of apportionments that 
the State received for fiscal year 2015; bears to 
‘‘(II) the amount of those apportionments 
received by all States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS TO AMOUNTS .—The ini-
tial amounts resulting from the calculation under subparagraph (A) shall be adjusted to ensure that each State receives an aggregate apportionment equal to at least 95 percent of the estimated tax payments attributable to highway users in the State paid into the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) in the most recent fiscal year for which data are available. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE APPORTIONMENT .—On October 1 
of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the Sec-retary shall apportion the sums authorized to be appropriated for expenditure on the na-
tional highway performance program under section 119, the surface transportation block grant program under section 133, the high-way safety improvement program under sec-tion 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, and to carry out section 134 in accord-ance with paragraph (1).’’. 
(d) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS .—Section 104 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) S UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS FOR NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) A MOUNT .—Before making an appor-
tionment for a fiscal year under subsection (c), the Secretary shall reserve for the na-tional highway performance program under section 119 for that fiscal year an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) $53,596,122 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(ii) $66,717,816 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(iii) $79,847,397 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS .—Funds re-
served under subparagraph (A) and appor-tioned to a State under subsection (c) shall be treated as if apportioned under subsection (b)(1), and shall be in addition to amounts apportioned under that subsection. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS FOR SURFACE  
TRANSPORTATION BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) A MOUNT .—Before making an appor-
tionment for a fiscal year under subsection (c), the Secretary shall reserve for the sur-face transportation block grant program under section 133 for that fiscal year an amount equal to $819,900,000 pursuant to sec-tion 133(h), plus— 
‘‘(i) $70,526,310 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $104,389,904 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $148,113,536 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $160,788,367 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $200,153,448 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $239,542,191 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS .—Funds re-
served under subparagraph (A) and appor-tioned to a State under subsection (c) shall be treated as if apportioned under subsection (b)(2), and shall be in addition to amounts apportioned under that subsection. 
‘‘(i) B
ASE APPORTIONMENT DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘base apportionment’ means— 
‘‘(1) the combined amount authorized for 
appropriation for the national highway per-formance program under section 119, the sur-face transportation block grant program under section 133, the highway safety im-provement program under section 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality im-
provement program under section 149, and to carry out section 134; minus 
‘‘(2) supplemental funds reserved under 
subsection (h) for the national highway per-formance program and the surface transpor-tation block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 1105. NATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE 
PROGRAM. 
Section 119 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)(7)— (A) by striking ‘‘this paragraph’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 150(e)’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘under section 150(e)’’ 
after ‘‘the next report submitted’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) TIFIA P
ROGRAM .—Upon Secretarial 
approval of credit assistance under chapter 6, the Secretary, at the request of a State, may allow the State to use funds apportioned under section 104(b)(1) to pay subsidy and ad-ministrative costs necessary to provide an eligible entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with respect to a project eli-
gible for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(i) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING ELIGIBILITY FOR  
CERTAIN BRIDGES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds apportioned to a 
State to carry out the national highway per-formance program may be obligated for a project for the reconstruction, resurfacing, restoration, rehabilitation, or preservation of a bridge not on the National Highway Sys-tem, if the bridge is on a Federal-aid high-way. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—A State required to make 
obligations under subsection (f) shall ensure such requirements are satisfied in order to use the flexibility under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 1106. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the benefits of the surface transpor-
tation block grant program accrue prin-cipally to the residents of each State and municipality where the funds are obligated; 
(2) decisions about how funds should be ob-
ligated are best determined by the States and municipalities to respond to unique local circumstances and implement the most efficient solutions; and 
(3) reforms of the program to promote 
flexibility will enhance State and local con-trol over transportation decisions. 
(b) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK GRANT  
PROGRAM .—Section 133 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a), (b), (c), and 
(d) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish a surface transportation block grant program in accordance with this sec-tion to provide flexible funding to address State and local transportation needs. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds appor-
tioned to a State under section 104(b)(2) for the surface transportation block grant pro-gram may be obligated for the following: 
‘‘(1) Construction of— ‘‘(A) highways, bridges, tunnels, including 
designated routes of the Appalachian devel-opment highway system and local access roads under section 14501 of title 40; 
‘‘(B) ferry boats and terminal facilities eli-
gible for funding under section 129(c); 
‘‘(C) transit capital projects eligible for as-
sistance under chapter 53 of title 49; 
‘‘(D) infrastructure-based intelligent trans-
portation systems capital improvements; 
‘‘(E) truck parking facilities eligible for 
funding under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note); and 
‘‘(F) border infrastructure projects eligible 
for funding under section 1303 of SAFETEA– LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note). 
‘‘(2) Operational improvements and capital 
and operating costs for traffic monitoring, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7522 November 3, 2015 
management, and control facilities and pro-
grams. 
‘‘(3) Environmental measures eligible 
under sections 119(g), 328, and 329 and trans-portation control measures listed in section 108(f)(1)(A) (other than clause (xvi) of that section) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7408(f)(1)(A)). 
‘‘(4) Highway and transit safety infrastruc-
ture improvements and programs, including railway-highway grade crossings. 
‘‘(5) Fringe and corridor parking facilities 
and programs in accordance with section 137 and carpool projects in accordance with sec-tion 146. 
‘‘(6) Recreational trails projects eligible 
for funding under section 206, pedestrian and bicycle projects in accordance with section 217 (including modifications to comply with accessibility requirements under the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.)), and the safe routes to school program under section 1404 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note). 
‘‘(7) Planning, design, or construction of 
boulevards and other roadways largely in the right-of-way of former Interstate System routes or other divided highways. 
‘‘(8) Development and implementation of a 
State asset management plan for the Na-tional Highway System and a performance- based management program for other public roads. 
‘‘(9) Protection (including painting, scour 
countermeasures, seismic retrofits, impact protection measures, security counter-measures, and protection against extreme events) for bridges (including approaches to bridges and other elevated structures) and tunnels on public roads, and inspection and evaluation of bridges and tunnels and other highway assets. 
‘‘(10) Surface transportation planning pro-
grams, highway and transit research and de-velopment and technology transfer pro-grams, and workforce development, training, and education under chapter 5 of this title. 
‘‘(11) Surface transportation infrastructure 
modifications to facilitate direct intermodal interchange, transfer, and access into and out of a port terminal. 
‘‘(12) Projects and strategies designed to 
support congestion pricing, including elec-tronic toll collection and travel demand management strategies and programs. 
‘‘(13) At the request of a State, and upon 
Secretarial approval of credit assistance under chapter 6, subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide an eligible entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with respect to a project eligible for assist-ance under this section. 
‘‘(14) The creation and operation by a State 
of an office to assist in the design, imple-mentation, and oversight of public-private partnerships eligible to receive funding under this title and chapter 53 of title 49, and the payment of a stipend to unsuccessful pri-vate bidders to offset their proposal develop-ment costs, if necessary to encourage robust competition in public-private partnership procurements. 
‘‘(15) Any type of project eligible under 
this section as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, including projects described under sec-tion 101(a)(29) as in effect on such day. 
‘‘(c) L
OCATION OF PROJECTS .—A surface 
transportation block grant project may not be undertaken on a road functionally classi-fied as a local road or a rural minor collector unless the road was on a Federal-aid high-way system on January 1, 1991, except— 
‘‘(1) for a bridge or tunnel project (other 
than the construction of a new bridge or tun-nel at a new location); ‘‘(2) for a project described in paragraphs 
(4) through (11) of subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) for a project described in section 
101(a)(29), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(4) as approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOCATIONS OF APPORTIONED FUNDS  
TOAREAS BASED ON POPULATION .— 
‘‘(1) C ALCULATION .—Of the funds appor-
tioned to a State under section 104(b)(2) (after the reservation of funds under sub-section (h))— 
‘‘(A) the percentage specified in paragraph 
(6) for a fiscal year shall be obligated under this section, in proportion to their relative shares of the population of the State— 
‘‘(i) in urbanized areas of the State with an 
urbanized area population of over 200,000; 
‘‘(ii) in areas of the State other than urban 
areas with a population greater than 5,000; and 
‘‘(iii) in other areas of the State; and ‘‘(B) the remainder may be obligated in 
any area of the State. 
‘‘(2) M
ETROPOLITAN AREAS .—Funds attrib-
uted to an urbanized area under paragraph (1)(A)(i) may be obligated in the metropoli-tan area established under section 134 that encompasses the urbanized area. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH REGIONAL TRANS -
PORTATION PLANNING ORGANIZATIONS .—For 
purposes of paragraph (1)(A)(iii), before obli-gating funding attributed to an area with a population greater than 5,000 and less than 200,000, a State shall consult with the re-gional transportation planning organizations that represent the area, if any. 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION AMONG URBANIZED AREAS  
OF OVER 200 ,000 POPULATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the amount of funds that a State is required to obligate under paragraph (1)(A)(i) shall be obligated in urbanized areas 
described in paragraph (1)(A)(i) based on the relative population of the areas. 
‘‘(B) O
THER FACTORS .—The State may obli-
gate the funds described in subparagraph (A) based on other factors if the State and the relevant metropolitan planning organiza-tions jointly apply to the Secretary for the permission to base the obligation on other factors and the Secretary grants the request. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Programming and expenditure of 
funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with sections 134 and 135. 
‘‘(6) P
ERCENTAGE .—The percentage referred 
to in paragraph (1)(A) is— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2016, 51 percent; ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2017, 52 percent; ‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2018, 53 percent; ‘‘(D) for fiscal year 2019, 54 percent; ‘‘(E) for fiscal year 2020, 55 percent; and ‘‘(F) for fiscal year 2021, 55 percent.’’; (2) by striking the section heading and in-
serting ‘‘ Surface transportation block grant 
program ’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (e); (4) by redesignating subsections (f) through 
(h) as subsections (e) through (g), respec-tively; 
(5) in subsection (e)(1), as redesignated by 
this subsection— 
(A) by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting 
‘‘104(b)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2011 through 
2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(6) in subsection (g)(1), as redesignated by 
this subsection, by striking ‘‘under sub-section (d)(1)(A)(iii) for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (d)(1)(A)(ii) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) STP S
ET-ASIDE.— ‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds 
apportioned to a State under section 104(b)(2) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall re-serve an amount such that— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary reserves a total of 
$819,900,000 under this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) the State’s share of that total is de-
termined by multiplying the amount under subparagraph (A) by the ratio that— 
‘‘(i) the amount apportioned to the State 
for the transportation enhancements pro-gram for fiscal year 2009 under section 133(d)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funds apportioned 
to all States for the transportation enhance-ments program for fiscal year 2009. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION WITHIN A STATE .—Funds 
reserved for a State under paragraph (1) shall be obligated within that State in the manner described in subsection (d), except that, for purposes of this paragraph (after funds are made available under paragraph (5))— 
‘‘(A) for each fiscal year, the percentage re-
ferred to in paragraph (1)(A) of that sub-section shall be deemed to be 50 percent; and 
‘‘(B) the following provisions shall not 
apply: 
‘‘(i) Paragraph (3) of subsection (d). ‘‘(ii) Subsection (e). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds reserved 
under this subsection may be obligated for projects or activities described in section 101(a)(29) or 213, as such provisions were in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Surface Transportation Reau-thorization and Reform Act of 2015. 
‘‘(4) A
CCESS TO FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State or metropolitan 
planning organization required to obligate funds in accordance with paragraph (2) shall develop a competitive process to allow eligi-ble entities to submit projects for funding that achieve the objectives of this sub-section. A metropolitan planning organiza-tion for an area described in subsection (d)(1)(A)(i) shall select projects under such process in consultation with the relevant State. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(i) a local government; ‘‘(ii) a regional transportation authority; ‘‘(iii) a transit agency; ‘‘(iv) a natural resource or public land 
agency; 
‘‘(v) a school district, local education agen-
cy, or school; 
‘‘(vi) a tribal government; and ‘‘(vii) any other local or regional govern-
mental entity with responsibility for or 
oversight of transportation or recreational trails (other than a metropolitan planning organization or a State agency) that the State determines to be eligible, consistent with the goals of this subsection. 
‘‘(5) C
ONTINUATION OF CERTAIN REC -
REATIONAL TRAILS PROJECTS .—For each fiscal 
year, a State shall— 
‘‘(A) obligate an amount of funds reserved 
under this section equal to the amount of the funds apportioned to the State for fiscal year 2009 under section 104(h)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21, for projects relating to recreational trails under section 206; 
‘‘(B) return 1 percent of those funds to the 
Secretary for the administration of that pro-gram; and 
‘‘(C) comply with the provisions of the ad-
ministration of the recreational trails pro-gram under section 206, including the use of apportioned funds described in subsection (d)(3)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(6) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) R ECREATIONAL TRAILS .—A State may 
opt out of the recreational trails program under paragraph (5) if the Governor of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7523 November 3, 2015 
State notifies the Secretary not later than 30 
days prior to apportionments being made for any fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) L
ARGE URBANIZED AREAS .—A metro-
politan planning area may use not to exceed 50 percent of the funds reserved under this subsection for an urbanized area described in subsection (d)(1)(A)(i) for any purpose eligi-ble under subsection (b). 
‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF PROJECTS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, projects funded under this section (excluding those carried out under subsection (h)(5)) shall be treated as projects on a Federal-aid highway under this chapter.’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION 126 .—Section 126(b)(2) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 213’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 133(h)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 213(c)(1)(B)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 133(h)’’. 
(2) S ECTION 213 .—Section 213 of title 23, 
United States Code, is repealed. 
(3) S ECTION 322 .—Section 322(h)(3) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘surface transportation program’’ and in-serting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’. 
(4) S
ECTION 504 .—Section 504(a)(4) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting 
‘‘104(b)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘surface transportation 
program’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transpor-tation block grant program’’. 
(5) C
HAPTER 1 .—Chapter 1 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘surface transportation program’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’. 
(6) C
HAPTER ANALYSES .— 
(A) C HAPTER 1 .—The analysis for chapter 1 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 133 and inserting the following: 
‘‘133. Surface transportation block grant pro-
gram.’’. 
(B) C
HAPTER 2 .—The item relating to sec-
tion 213 in the analysis for chapter 2 of title 23, United States Code, is repealed. 
(7) O
THER REFERENCES .—Any reference in 
any other law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the surface transportation program under sec-tion 133 of title 23, United States Code, shall be deemed to be a reference to the surface transportation block grant program under such section. 
SEC. 1107. RAILWAY-HIGHWAY GRADE CROSS-
INGS. 
Section 130(e)(1) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) S ET ASIDE .—Before making an appor-
tionment under section 104(b)(3) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall set aside, from amounts made available to carry out the highway safety improvement program under section 148 for such fiscal year, for the elimi-nation of hazards and the installation of pro-tective devices at railway-highway crossings at least— 
‘‘(i) $225,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $230,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $235,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $240,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $245,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(B) I
NSTALLATION OF PROTECTIVE DE -
VICES .—At least 1⁄2of the funds set aside each 
fiscal year under subparagraph (A) shall be available for the installation of protective devices at railway-highway crossings. 
‘‘(C) O
BLIGATION AVAILABILITY .—Sums set 
aside each fiscal year under subparagraph (A) shall be available for obligation in the 
same manner as funds apportioned under sec-tion 104(b)(1) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 1108. HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 148(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘includes, but is not limited to,’’ and inserting ‘‘only includes’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxv) Installation of vehicle-to-infrastruc-
ture communication equipment. 
‘‘(xxvi) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. ‘‘(xxvii) Roadway improvements that pro-
vide separation between pedestrians and motor vehicles, including medians and pedes-trian crossing islands. 
‘‘(xxviii) A physical infrastructure safety 
project not described in clauses (i) through (xxvii).’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (10); and (C) by redesignating paragraphs (11) 
through (13) as paragraphs (10) through (12), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 148 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘sub-
sections (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(11)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(2)(B)(i) by striking 
‘‘subsection (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(11)’’. 
(b) D
ATA COLLECTION .—Section 148(f) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) P
ROCESS .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a process to allow a State to cease to collect the subset referred to in paragraph (2)(A) for public roads that are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved if— 
‘‘(A) the State does not use funds provided 
to carry out this section for a project on such roads until the State completes a col-lection of the required model inventory of roadway elements for the roads; and 
‘‘(B) the State demonstrates that the State 
consulted with affected Indian tribes before ceasing to collect data with respect to such roads that are included in the National Trib-al Transportation Facility Inventory. 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (3) may be construed to allow a State to cease data collection related to seri-ous injuries or fatalities.’’. 
(c) R
URAL ROADSAFETY .—Section 148(g)(1) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If the fatality rate’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the fatality rate’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
ATALITIES EXCEEDING THE MEDIAN  
RATE .—If the fatality rate on rural roads in 
a State, for the most recent 2-year period for which data is available, is more than the me-dian fatality rate for rural roads among all States for such 2-year period, the State shall be required to demonstrate, in the subse-quent State strategic highway safety plan of the State, strategies to address fatalities and achieve safety improvements on high risk rural roads.’’. 
(d) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY  
BESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) R EVIEW .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
review of best practices with respect to the implementation of roadway safety infra-structure improvements that— 
(A) are cost effective; and (B) reduce the number or severity of acci-
dents involving commercial motor vehicles. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the re-
view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with State transportation depart-ments and units of local government. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and make available on the public Internet Web site of the Department, a re-port describing the results of the review con-ducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1109. CONGESTION MITIGATION AND AIR 
QUALITY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) E LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Section 149(b) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (8) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) if the project or program is for the in-
stallation of vehicle-to-infrastructure com-munication equipment.’’. 
(b) S
TATES FLEXIBILITY .—Section 149(d) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) S
TATES FLEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(1) S TATES WITHOUT A NONATTAINMENT  
AREA .—If a State does not have, and never 
has had, a nonattainment area designated under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the State may use funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(4) for any project in the State that— 
‘‘(A) would otherwise be eligible under sub-
section (b) if the project were carried out in a nonattainment or maintenance area; or 
‘‘(B) is eligible under the surface transpor-
tation block grant program under section 133. 
‘‘(2) S
TATES WITH A NONATTAINMENT AREA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a State has a non-
attainment area or maintenance area and re-ceived funds in fiscal year 2009 under section 104(b)(2)(D), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the MAP–21, above the amount of funds that the State would have received based on the nonattainment and maintenance area population of the State under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 104(b)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the MAP–21, the State may use, for any project that would other-wise be eligible under subsection (b) if the project were carried out in a nonattainment or maintenance area or is eligible under the surface transportation block grant program under section 133, an amount of funds appor-tioned to such State under section 104(b)(4) that is equal to the product obtained by mul-tiplying— 
‘‘(i) the amount apportioned to such State 
under section 104(b)(4) (excluding the amounts reserved for obligation under sub-section (k)(1)); by 
‘‘(ii) the ratio calculated under subpara-
graph (B). 
‘‘(B) R
ATIO.—For purposes of this para-
graph, the ratio shall be calculated as the proportion that— 
‘‘(i) the amount for fiscal year 2009 such 
State was permitted by section 149(c)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the MAP–21, to obligate in any area of the State for projects eligible under sec-tion 133, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the MAP–21; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total apportionment to such State 
for fiscal year 2009 under section 104(b)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the MAP–21. 
‘‘(3) C
HANGES IN DESIGNATION .—If a new 
nonattainment area is designated or a pre-viously designated nonattainment area is re-designated as an attainment area in a State under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the Secretary shall modify, in a man-ner consistent with the approach that was in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7524 November 3, 2015 
effect on the day before the date of enact-
ment of MAP–21, the amount such State is permitted to obligate in any area of the State for projects eligible under section 133.’’. 
(c) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—Section 
149(g)(3) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In distributing funds re-
ceived for congestion mitigation and air quality projects and programs from appor-tionments under section 104(b)(4) in areas designated as nonattainment or maintenance for PM2.5 under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) and where regional motor vehi-cle emissions are not an insignificant con-tributor to the air quality problem for PM2.5, States and metropolitan planning or-ganizations shall give priority to projects, including diesel retrofits, that are proven to reduce direct emissions of PM2.5. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF FUNDING .—To the maximum 
extent practicable, funding used in an area described in subparagraph (A) shall be used on the most cost-effective projects and pro-
grams that are proven to reduce directly emitted fine particulate matter.’’. 
(d) P
RIORITY FOR USE OF FUNDS IN PM2.5 
AREAS .—Section 149(k) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘such fine 
particulate’’ and inserting ‘‘directly emitted fine particulate’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) PM2.5 
NONATTAINMENT AND MAINTE -
NANCE IN LOW POPULATION DENSITY STATES .— 
‘‘(A) E XCEPTION .—For any State with a 
population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile of land area, based on the most recent decennial census, subsection (g)(3) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection do not apply to a nonattainment or mainte-nance area in the State if— 
‘‘(i) the nonattainment or maintenance 
area does not have projects that are part of the emissions analysis of a metropolitan transportation plan or transportation im-provement program; and 
‘‘(ii) regional motor vehicle emissions are 
an insignificant contributor to the air qual-ity problem for PM2.5 in the nonattainment or maintenance area. 
‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—If subparagraph (A) ap-
plies to a nonattainment or maintenance area in a State, the percentage of the PM2.5 set aside under paragraph (1) shall be re-duced for that State proportionately based on the weighted population of the area in fine particulate matter nonattainment.’’. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE PLAN.—Section 
149(l)(1)(B) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘emission and conges-tion reduction’’ after ‘‘achieving the’’. 
SEC. 1110. NATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 167 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 167. National highway freight policy 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It is the policy of the 
United States to improve the condition and performance of the National Highway Freight Network established under this sec-tion to ensure that the Network provides a foundation for the United States to compete in the global economy and achieve the goals described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) G
OALS .—The goals of the national 
highway freight policy are— 
‘‘(1) to invest in infrastructure improve-
ments and to implement operational im-provements that— 
‘‘(A) strengthen the contribution of the 
National Highway Freight Network to the economic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(B) reduce congestion and bottlenecks on 
the National Highway Freight Network; and ‘‘(C) increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that cre-ate high-value jobs; 
‘‘(2) to improve the safety, security, and 
resilience of highway freight transportation; 
‘‘(3) to improve the state of good repair of 
the National Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(4) to use innovation and advanced tech-
nology to improve the safety, efficiency, and reliability of the National Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(5) to improve the economic efficiency of 
the National Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(6) to improve the short and long distance 
movement of goods that— 
‘‘(A) travel across rural areas between pop-
ulation centers; and 
‘‘(B) travel between rural areas and popu-
lation centers; 
‘‘(7) to improve the flexibility of States to 
support multi-State corridor planning and the creation of multi-State organizations to increase the ability of States to address highway freight connectivity; and 
‘‘(8) to reduce the environmental impacts 
of freight movement on the National High-way Freight Network. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a National Highway Freight Network in accordance with this section to strategi-cally direct Federal resources and policies toward improved performance of the Net-work. 
‘‘(2) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The National 
Highway Freight Network shall consist of— 
‘‘(A) the Interstate System; ‘‘(B) non-Interstate highway segments on 
the 41,000-mile comprehensive primary freight network developed by the Secretary under section 167(d) as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(C) additional non-Interstate highway 
segments designated by the States under subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) S
TATE ADDITIONS TO NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, each State, in consultation with the State freight advisory committee, may increase the number of miles designated as part of the National Highway Freight Net-work by not more than 10 percent of the miles designated in that State under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (c)(2) if the additional miles— 
‘‘(A) close gaps between segments of the 
National Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(B) establish connections from the Na-
tional Highway Freight Network to critical facilities for the efficient movement of freight, including ports, freight railroads, international border crossings, airports, intermodal facilities, warehouse and logis-tics centers, and agricultural facilities; or 
‘‘(C) are part of critical emerging freight 
corridors or critical commerce corridors. 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—Each State shall— 
‘‘(A) submit to the Secretary a list of the 
additional miles added under this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) certify that the additional miles meet 
the requirements of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(e) R
EDESIGNATION .— 
‘‘(1) R EDESIGNATION BY SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Effective beginning 5 
years after the date of enactment of the Sur-face Transportation Reauthorization and Re-form Act of 2015, and every 5 years there-after, the Secretary shall redesignate the highway segments designated by the Sec-retary under subsection (c)(2)(B) that are on the National Highway Freight Network. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In redesignating 
highway segments under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(i) changes in the origins and destinations 
of freight movements in the United States; 
‘‘(ii) changes in the percentage of annual 
average daily truck traffic in the annual av-erage daily traffic on principal arterials; 
‘‘(iii) changes in the location of key facili-
ties; 
‘‘(iv) critical emerging freight corridors; 
and 
‘‘(v) network connectivity. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Each redesignation 
under subparagraph (A) may increase the mileage on the National Highway Freight Network designated by the Secretary by not more than 3 percent. 
‘‘(2) R
EDESIGNATION BY STATES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Effective beginning 5 
years after the date of enactment of the Sur-face Transportation Reauthorization and Re-form Act of 2015, and every 5 years there-after, each State may, in consultation with the State freight advisory committee, redes-ignate the highway segments designated by the State under subsection (c)(2)(C) that are on the National Highway Freight Network. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In redesignating 
highway segments under subparagraph (A), the State shall consider— 
‘‘(i) gaps between segments of the National 
Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(ii) needed connections from the National 
Highway Freight Network to critical facili-ties for the efficient movement of freight, in-cluding ports, freight railroads, inter-national border crossings, airports, inter-modal facilities, warehouse and logistics centers, and agricultural facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) critical emerging freight corridors or 
critical commerce corridors. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Each redesignation 
under subparagraph (A) may increase the mileage on the National Highway Freight Network designated by the State by not more than 3 percent. 
‘‘(D) R
ESUBMISSION .—Each State, under the 
advisement of the State freight advisory committee, shall— 
‘‘(i) submit to the Secretary a list of the 
miles redesignated under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) certify that the redesignated miles 
meet the requirements of subsection (d)(1).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 167 and inserting the following: 
‘‘167. National highway freight policy.’’. 
SEC. 1111. NATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FREIGHT 
AND HIGHWAY PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 116 the following: 
‘‘§ 117. Nationally significant freight and 
highway projects 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
a nationally significant freight and highway projects program to provide financial assist-ance for projects of national or regional sig-nificance that will— 
‘‘(1) improve the safety, efficiency, and re-
liability of the movement of freight and peo-ple; 
‘‘(2) generate national or regional eco-
nomic benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(3) reduce highway congestion and bottle-
necks; 
‘‘(4) improve connectivity between modes 
of freight transportation; or 
‘‘(5) enhance the strength, durability, and 
serviceability of critical highway infrastruc-ture. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—In carrying out 
the program established in subsection (a), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7525 November 3, 2015 
the Secretary may make grants, on a com-
petitive basis, in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
a grant under this section to the following: 
‘‘(A) A State or group of States. ‘‘(B) A metropolitan planning organization 
that serves an urbanized area (as defined by the Bureau of the Census) with a population of more than 200,000 individuals. 
‘‘(C) A unit of local government. ‘‘(D) A special purpose district or public 
authority with a transportation function, in-cluding a port authority. 
‘‘(E) A Federal land management agency 
that applies jointly with a State or group of States. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible for a 
grant under this section, an entity specified in paragraph (1) shall submit to the Sec-retary an application in such form, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary determines is appropriate. 
‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (h), the Secretary may make a grant under this section only for a project that— 
‘‘(A) is— ‘‘(i) a freight project carried out on the Na-
tional Highway Freight Network established under section 167 of this title; 
‘‘(ii) a highway or bridge project carried 
out on the National Highway System; 
‘‘(iii) an intermodal or rail freight project 
carried out on the National Multimodal Freight Network established under section 70103 of title 49; or 
‘‘(iv) a railway-highway grade crossing or 
grade separation project; and 
‘‘(B) has eligible project costs that are rea-
sonably anticipated to equal or exceed the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) $100,000,000; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a project— ‘‘(I) located in 1 State, 30 percent of the 
amount apportioned under this chapter to the State in the most recently completed fis-cal year; or 
‘‘(II) located in more than 1 State, 50 per-
cent of the amount apportioned under this chapter to the participating State with the largest apportionment under this chapter in the most recently completed fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 
$500,000,000 of the amounts made available for grants under this section for fiscal years 2016 through 2021, in the aggregate, may be used to make grants for projects described in paragraph (1)(A)(iii) and such a project may only receive a grant under this section if— 
‘‘(i) the project will make a significant im-
provement to freight movements on the Na-tional Highway Freight Network; and 
‘‘(ii) the Federal share of the project funds 
only elements of the project that provide public benefits. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The limitation under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) not apply to a railway-highway grade 
crossing or grade separation project; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to a multimodal project, 
shall apply only to the non-highway portion or portions of the project. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COSTS.—Grant 
amounts received for a project under this section may be used for— 
‘‘(1) development phase activities, includ-
ing planning, feasibility analysis, revenue forecasting, environmental review, prelimi-nary engineering and design work, and other preconstruction activities; and 
‘‘(2) construction, reconstruction, rehabili-
tation, acquisition of real property (includ-ing land related to the project and improve-ments to the land), environmental mitiga-tion, construction contingencies, acquisition 
of equipment, and operational improve-ments. 
‘‘(f) P
ROJECT REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary may make a grant for a project de-scribed under subsection (d) only if the rel-evant applicant demonstrates that— 
‘‘(1) the project will generate national or 
regional economic, mobility, or safety bene-fits; 
‘‘(2) the project will be cost effective; ‘‘(3) the project will contribute to the ac-
complishment of 1 or more of the national goals described under section 150 of this title; 
‘‘(4) the project is based on the results of 
preliminary engineering; 
‘‘(5) with respect to related non-Federal fi-
nancial commitments— 
‘‘(A) 1 or more stable and dependable 
sources of funding and financing are avail-able to construct, maintain, and operate the project; and 
‘‘(B) contingency amounts are available to 
cover unanticipated cost increases; 
‘‘(6) the project cannot be easily addressed 
using other funding available to the project sponsor under this chapter; and 
‘‘(7) the project is reasonably expected to 
begin construction not later than 18 months after the date of obligation of funds for the project. 
‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In mak-
ing a grant under this section, the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(1) the extent to which a project utilizes 
nontraditional financing, innovative design and construction techniques, or innovative technologies; 
‘‘(2) the amount and source of non-Federal 
contributions with respect to the proposed project; and 
‘‘(3) the need for geographic diversity 
among grant recipients, including the need for a balance between the needs of rural and urban communities. 
‘‘(h) R
ESERVED AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
serve not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available for grants under this section each fiscal year to make grants for projects described in subsection (d)(1)(A)(i) that do not satisfy the minimum threshold under subsection (d)(1)(B). 
‘‘(2) G
RANT AMOUNT .—Each grant made 
under this subsection shall be in an amount that is at least $5,000,000. 
‘‘(3) P
ROJECT SELECTION CONSIDERATIONS .— 
In addition to other applicable requirements, in making grants under this subsection the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) the cost effectiveness of the proposed 
project; and 
‘‘(B) the effect of the proposed project on 
mobility in the State and region in which the project is carried out. 
‘‘(4) E
XCESS FUNDING .—In any fiscal year in 
which qualified applications for grants under this subsection will not allow for the amount reserved under paragraph (1) to be fully uti-lized, the Secretary shall use the unutilized amounts to make other grants under this section. 
‘‘(5) R
URAL AREAS .—The Secretary shall re-
serve not less than 20 percent of the amounts made available for grants under this section, including the amounts made available under paragraph (1), each fiscal year to make grants for projects located in rural areas. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
cost of a project assisted with a grant under this section may not exceed 50 percent. 
‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—Funds appor-
tioned to a State under section 104(b)(1) or 104(b)(2) may be used to satisfy the non-Fed-eral share of the cost of a project for which a grant is made under this section so long as the total amount of Federal funding for the 
project does not exceed 80 percent of project costs. 
‘‘(j) A
GREEMENTS TOCOMBINE AMOUNTS .— 
Two or more entities specified in subsection (c)(1) may combine, pursuant to an agree-ment entered into by the entities, any part of the amounts provided to the entities from grants under this section for a project for which the relevant grants were made if— 
‘‘(1) the agreement will benefit each entity 
entering into the agreement; and 
‘‘(2) the agreement is not in violation of a 
law of any such entity. 
‘‘(k) T
REATMENT OF FREIGHT PROJECTS .— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a freight project carried out under this sec-tion shall be treated as if the project is lo-cated on a Federal-aid highway. 
‘‘(l) TIFIA P
ROGRAM .—At the request of an 
eligible applicant under this section, the Secretary may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide the entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with re-spect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
‘‘(m) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) N OTIFICATION .—At least 60 days before 
making a grant for a project under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall notify, in writing, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate of the proposed grant. The notification shall include an eval-uation and justification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award. 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL .—The 
Secretary may not make a grant or any other obligation or commitment to fund a project under this section if a joint resolu-tion is enacted disapproving funding for the project before the last day of the 60-day pe-riod described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 116 the following: 
‘‘117. Nationally significant freight and high-
way projects.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL .—Section 1301 of SAFETEA–LU 
(23 U.S.C. 101 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in sec-tion 1(b) of such Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 1112. TERRITORIAL AND PUERTO RICO 
HIGHWAY PROGRAM. 
Section 165(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking 
‘‘$150,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$158,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking 
‘‘$40,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$42,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1113. FEDERAL LANDS AND TRIBAL TRANS-
PORTATION PROGRAM. 
Section 201(c)(6) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) T
RIBAL DATA COLLECTION .—In addition 
to the data to be collected under subpara-graph (A), not later than 90 days after the last day of each fiscal year, any entity car-rying out a project under the tribal transpor-tation program under section 202 shall sub-mit to the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior, based on obligations and ex-penditures under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year, the following data: 
‘‘(i) The names of projects and activities 
carried out by the entity under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A description of the projects and ac-
tivities identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) The current status of the projects 
and activities identified under clause (i). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7526 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(iv) An estimate of the number of jobs 
created and the number of jobs retained by the projects and activities identified under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 1114. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM. 
Section 202(a)(6) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’. 
SEC. 1115. FEDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(B) by striking ‘‘op-
eration’’ and inserting ‘‘capital, oper-ations,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (v) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Reclamation; and ‘‘(vii) independent Federal agencies with 
natural resource and land management re-sponsibilities.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i) by in-
serting ‘‘performance management, includ-ing’’ after ‘‘support’’; and 
(ii) in clause (i)(II) by striking ‘‘, and’’ and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)(B) by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(vi) The Bureau of Reclamation.’’. 
SEC. 1116. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION SELF-GOV-
ERNANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 206 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 207. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION SELF-GOV-
ERNANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Subject to the re-
quirements of this section, the Secretary shall establish and carry out a program to be known as the tribal transportation self-gov-ernance program. The Secretary may dele-gate responsibilities for administration of the program as the Secretary determines ap-propriate. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3), an Indian tribe shall be eligible to participate in the program if the Indian tribe requests participation in the program by res-olution or other official action by the gov-erning body of the Indian tribe, and dem-onstrates, for the preceding 3 fiscal years, fi-nancial stability and financial management capability, and transportation program man-agement capability. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA FOR DETERMINING FINANCIAL  
STABILITY AND FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT CAPAC -
ITY.—For the purposes of paragraph (1), evi-
dence that, during the preceding 3 fiscal years, an Indian tribe had no uncorrected significant and material audit exceptions in the required annual audit of the Indian tribe’s self-determination contracts or self- governance funding agreements with any Federal agency shall be conclusive evidence of the required financial stability and finan-cial management capability. 
‘‘(3) C
RITERIA FOR DETERMINING TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAM MANAGEMENT CAPABILITY .— 
The Secretary shall require an Indian tribe to demonstrate transportation program management capability, including the capa-bility to manage and complete projects eligi-ble under this title and projects eligible under chapter 53 of title 49, to gain eligi-bility for the program. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPACTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPACT REQUIRED .—Upon the request 
of an eligible Indian tribe, and subject to the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall negotiate and enter into a written com-pact with the Indian tribe for the purpose of 
providing for the participation of the Indian tribe in the program. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—A compact entered into 
under paragraph (1) shall set forth the gen-eral terms of the government-to-government relationship between the Indian tribe and the United States under the program and other terms that will continue to apply in future fiscal years. 
‘‘(3) A
MENDMENTS .—A compact entered into 
with an Indian tribe under paragraph (1) may be amended only by mutual agreement of the Indian tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) A
NNUAL FUNDING AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) F UNDING AGREEMENT REQUIRED .—After 
entering into a compact with an Indian tribe under subsection (c), the Secretary shall ne-gotiate and enter into a written annual fund-ing agreement with the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) F ORMULA FUNDING AND DISCRETIONARY  
GRANTS .—A funding agreement entered into 
with an Indian tribe shall authorize the In-dian tribe, as determined by the Indian tribe, to plan, conduct, consolidate, administer, and receive full tribal share funding, tribal transit formula funding, and funding to tribes from discretionary and competitive grants administered by the Department for all programs, services, functions, and activi-ties (or portions thereof) that are made available to Indian tribes to carry out tribal transportation programs and programs, serv-ices, functions, and activities (or portions thereof) administered by the Secretary that are otherwise available to Indian tribes. 
‘‘(ii) T
RANSFERS OF STATE FUNDS .— 
‘‘(I) I NCLUSION OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS IN  
FUNDING AGREEMENT .—A funding agreement 
entered into with an Indian tribe shall in-clude Federal-aid funds apportioned to a State under chapter 1 if the State elects to provide a portion of such funds to the Indian tribe for a project eligible under section 202(a). 
‘‘(II) M
ETHOD FOR TRANSFERS .—If a State 
elects to provide funds described in sub-clause (I) to an Indian tribe, the State shall transfer the funds back to the Secretary and the Secretary shall transfer the funds to the Indian tribe in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(III) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR TRANSFERRED  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, if a State provides funds de-scribed in subclause (I) to an Indian tribe— 
‘‘(aa) the State shall not be responsible for 
constructing or maintaining a project car-ried out using the funds or for administering or supervising the project or funds during the applicable statute of limitations period related to the construction of the project; and 
‘‘(bb) the Indian tribe shall be responsible 
for constructing and maintaining a project carried out using the funds and for admin-istering and supervising the project and funds in accordance with this section during the applicable statute of limitations period related to the construction of the project. 
‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATION OF TRIBAL SHARES .— 
The tribal shares referred to in subparagraph (A) shall be provided without regard to the agency or office of the Department within which the program, service, function, or ac-tivity (or portion thereof) is performed. 
‘‘(C) F
LEXIBLE AND INNOVATIVE FINANCING .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A funding agreement en-
tered into with an Indian tribe under para-graph (1) shall include provisions pertaining to flexible and innovative financing if agreed upon by the parties. 
‘‘(ii) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(I) A UTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS .— 
The Secretary may issue regulations to es-tablish the terms and conditions relating to the flexible and innovative financing provi-
sions referred to in clause (i). 
‘‘(II) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS IN ABSENCE OF  
REGULATIONS .—If the Secretary does not 
issue regulations under subclause (I), the terms and conditions relating to the flexible and innovative financing provisions referred to in clause (i) shall be consistent with— 
‘‘(aa) agreements entered into by the De-
partment under— 
‘‘(AA) section 202(b)(7); and ‘‘(BB) section 202(d)(5), as in effect before 
the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141); or 
‘‘(bb) regulations of the Department of the 
Interior relating to flexible financing con-tained in part 170 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of en-actment of the Surface Transportation Reau-thorization and Reform Act of 2015. 
‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—A funding agreement shall set 
forth— 
‘‘(A) terms that generally identify the pro-
grams, services, functions, and activities (or portions thereof) to be performed or adminis-tered by the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(B) for items identified in subparagraph 
(A)— 
‘‘(i) the general budget category assigned; ‘‘(ii) the funds to be provided, including 
those funds to be provided on a recurring basis; 
‘‘(iii) the time and method of transfer of 
the funds; 
‘‘(iv) the responsibilities of the Secretary 
and the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(v) any other provision agreed to by the 
Indian tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) S
UBSEQUENT FUNDING AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) A PPLICABILITY OF EXISTING AGREE -
MENT .—Absent notification from an Indian 
tribe that the Indian tribe is withdrawing from or retroceding the operation of 1 or more programs, services, functions, or ac-tivities (or portions thereof) identified in a funding agreement, or unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, each funding agree-ment shall remain in full force and effect until a subsequent funding agreement is exe-cuted. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF SUBSEQUENT  
AGREEMENT .—The terms of the subsequent 
funding agreement shall be retroactive to the end of the term of the preceding funding agreement. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSENT OF INDIAN TRIBE REQUIRED .— 
The Secretary shall not revise, amend, or re-quire additional terms in a new or subse-quent funding agreement without the con-sent of the Indian tribe that is subject to the agreement unless such terms are required by Federal law. 
‘‘(e) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) R EDESIGN AND CONSOLIDATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe, in any 
manner that the Indian tribe considers to be in the best interest of the Indian community being served, may— 
‘‘(i) redesign or consolidate programs, serv-
ices, functions, and activities (or portions thereof) included in a funding agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) reallocate or redirect funds for such 
programs, services, functions, and activities (or portions thereof), if the funds are— 
‘‘(I) expended on projects identified in a 
transportation improvement program ap-proved by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(II) used in accordance with the require-
ments in— 
‘‘(aa) appropriations Acts; ‘‘(bb) this title and chapter 53 of title 49; 
and 
‘‘(cc) any other applicable law. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), if, pursuant to subsection (d), an Indian tribe receives a discretionary or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7527 November 3, 2015 
competitive grant from the Secretary or re-
ceives State apportioned funds, the Indian tribe shall use the funds for the purpose for which the funds were originally authorized. 
‘‘(2) R
ETROCESSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) A UTHORITY OF INDIAN TRIBES .—An In-
dian tribe may retrocede (fully or partially) to the Secretary programs, services, func-tions, or activities (or portions thereof) in-cluded in a compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(ii) R
EASSUMPTION OF REMAINING FUNDS .— 
Following a retrocession described in clause (i), the Secretary may— 
‘‘(I) reassume the remaining funding asso-
ciated with the retroceded programs, func-tions, services, and activities (or portions thereof) included in the applicable compact or funding agreement; 
‘‘(II) out of such remaining funds, transfer 
funds associated with Department of Interior programs, services, functions, or activities (or portions thereof) to the Secretary of the Interior to carry out transportation services provided by the Secretary of the Interior; and 
‘‘(III) distribute funds not transferred 
under subclause (II) in accordance with ap-plicable law. 
‘‘(iii) C
ORRECTION OF PROGRAMS .—If the 
Secretary makes a finding under subsection (f)(2)(B) and no funds are available under subsection (f)(2)(A)(ii), the Secretary shall not be required to provide additional funds to complete or correct any programs, func-tions, services, or activities (or portions thereof). 
‘‘(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Unless the Indian 
tribe rescinds a request for retrocession, the retrocession shall become effective within the timeframe specified by the parties in the compact or funding agreement. In the ab-sence of such a specification, the retroces-sion shall become effective on— 
‘‘(i) the earlier of— ‘‘(I) 1 year after the date of submission of 
the request; or 
‘‘(II) the date on which the funding agree-
ment expires; or 
‘‘(ii) such date as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the parties and, with respect to De-partment of the Interior programs, func-tions, services, and activities (or portions thereof), the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(f) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(1) D ECISIONMAKER .—A decision that re-
lates to an appeal of the rejection of a final offer by the Department shall be made ei-ther— 
‘‘(A) by an official of the Department who 
holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the departmental agency in which the de-cision that is the subject of the appeal was made; or 
‘‘(B) by an administrative judge. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION OF COMPACT OR FUNDING  
AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY TO TERMINATE .— 
‘‘(i) P ROVISION TO BE INCLUDED IN COMPACT  
OR FUNDING AGREEMENT .—A compact or fund-
ing agreement shall include a provision au-thorizing the Secretary, if the Secretary makes a finding described in subparagraph (B), to— 
‘‘(I) terminate the compact or funding 
agreement (or a portion thereof); and 
‘‘(II) reassume the remaining funding asso-
ciated with the reassumed programs, func-tions, services, and activities included in the compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(ii) T
RANSFERS OF FUNDS .—Out of any 
funds reassumed under clause (i)(II), the Sec-retary may transfer the funds associated with Department of the Interior programs, functions, services, and activities (or por-tions thereof) to the Secretary of the Inte-rior to provide continued transportation 
services in accordance with applicable law. 
‘‘(B) F
INDINGS RESULTING IN TERMINATION .— 
The finding referred to in subparagraph (A) is a specific finding of— 
‘‘(i) imminent jeopardy to a trust asset, 
natural resources, or public health and safe-ty that is caused by an act or omission of the Indian tribe and that arises out of a failure 
to carry out the compact or funding agree-ment, as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(ii) gross mismanagement with respect to 
funds or programs transferred to the Indian tribe under the compact or funding agree-ment, as determined by the Secretary in con-sultation with the Inspector General of the Department, as appropriate. 
‘‘(C) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
terminate a compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) unless— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary has first provided writ-
ten notice and a hearing on the record to the Indian tribe that is subject to the compact or funding agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) the Indian tribe has not taken correc-
tive action to remedy the mismanagement of funds or programs or the imminent jeopardy to a trust asset, natural resource, or public health and safety. 
‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (C), the Secretary, upon written notification to an Indian tribe that is subject to a compact or funding agreement, may im-mediately terminate the compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) if— 
‘‘(I) the Secretary makes a finding of im-
minent substantial and irreparable jeopardy to a trust asset, natural resource, or public health and safety; and 
‘‘(II) the jeopardy arises out of a failure to 
carry out the compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(ii) H
EARINGS .—If the Secretary termi-
nates a compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) under clause (i), the Sec-retary shall provide the Indian tribe subject to the compact or agreement with a hearing on the record not later than 10 days after the date of such termination. 
‘‘(E) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—In any hearing or 
appeal involving a decision to terminate a compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) under this paragraph, the Secretary shall have the burden of proof in dem-onstrating by clear and convincing evidence the validity of the grounds for the termi-nation. 
‘‘(g) C
OST PRINCIPLES .—In administering 
funds received under this section, an Indian tribe shall apply cost principles under the applicable Office of Management and Budget circular, except as modified by section 450j– 1 of title 25, other provisions of law, or by any exemptions to applicable Office of Man-agement and Budget circulars subsequently granted by the Office of Management and Budget. No other audit or accounting stand-ards shall be required by the Secretary. Any claim by the Federal Government against the Indian tribe relating to funds received under a funding agreement based on any audit conducted pursuant to this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of section 450j–1(f) of title 25. 
‘‘(h) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—The Secretary 
shall provide funds to an Indian tribe under a funding agreement in an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) the sum of the funding that the Indian 
tribe would otherwise receive for the pro-gram, function, service, or activity in ac-cordance with a funding formula or other al-location method established under this title or chapter 53 of title 49; and 
‘‘(2) such additional amounts as the Sec-
retary determines equal the amounts that would have been withheld for the costs of the Bureau of Indian Affairs for administration of the program or project. ‘‘(i) C
ONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) S TANDARDS .—Construction projects 
carried out under programs administered by an Indian tribe with funds transferred to the Indian tribe pursuant to a funding agree-ment entered into under this section shall be constructed pursuant to the construction program standards set forth in applicable regulations or as specifically approved by the Secretary (or the Secretary’s designee). 
‘‘(2) M
ONITORING .—Construction programs 
shall be monitored by the Secretary in ac-cordance with applicable regulations. 
‘‘(j) F
ACILITATION .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARIAL INTERPRETATION .—Except 
as otherwise provided by law, the Secretary 
shall interpret all Federal laws, Executive orders, and regulations in a manner that will facilitate— 
‘‘(A) the inclusion of programs, services, 
functions, and activities (or portions thereof) and funds associated therewith, in compacts and funding agreements; and 
‘‘(B) the implementation of the compacts 
and funding agreements. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATION WAIVER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe may 
submit to the Secretary a written request to waive application of a regulation promul-gated under this section with respect to a compact or funding agreement. The request shall identify the regulation sought to be waived and the basis for the request. 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVALS AND DENIALS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of receipt of a written request under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall approve or deny the request in writing. 
‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall review 
any application by an Indian tribe for a waiver bearing in mind increasing opportuni-ties for using flexible policy approaches at the Indian tribal level. 
‘‘(iii) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—If the Secretary 
does not approve or deny a request sub-mitted under subparagraph (A) on or before the last day of the 90-day period referred to in clause (i), the request shall be deemed ap-proved. 
‘‘(iv) D
ENIALS .—If the application for a 
waiver is not granted, the agency shall pro-vide the applicant with the reasons for the denial as part of the written response re-quired in clause (i). 
‘‘(v) F
INALITY OF DECISIONS .—A decision by 
the Secretary under this subparagraph shall be final for the Department. 
‘‘(k) D
ISCLAIMERS .— 
‘‘(1) E XISTING AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, upon the election of an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain current tribal transpor-
tation program funding agreements and pro-gram agreements; or 
‘‘(B) enter into new agreements under the 
authority of section 202(b)(7). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to impair or diminish the authority of the Secretary under section 202(b)(7). 
‘‘(l) A
PPLICABILITY OF INDIAN SELF-DETER -
MINATION AND EDUCATION ASSISTANCE ACT.— 
Except to the extent in conflict with this section (as determined by the Secretary), the following provisions of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act shall apply to compact and funding agreements (except that any reference to the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Health and Human Services in such provisions shall be treated as a reference to the Secretary of Transportation): 
‘‘(1) Subsections (a), (b), (d), (g), and (h) of 
section 506 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–5), relating to general provisions. 
‘‘(2) Subsections (b) through (e) and (g) of 
section 507 of such Act (25 U.S.C.458aaa–6), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7528 November 3, 2015 
relating to provisions relating to the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(3) Subsections (a), (b), (d), (e), (g), (h), (i), 
and (k) of section 508 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–7), relating to transfer of funds. 
‘‘(4) Section 510 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 
458aaa-9), relating to Federal procurement laws and regulations. 
‘‘(5) Section 511 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 
458aaa–10), relating to civil actions. 
‘‘(6) Subsections (a)(1), (a)(2), and (c) 
through (f) of section 512 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–11), relating to facilitation, ex-cept that subsection (c)(1) of that section shall be applied by substituting ‘transpor-tation facilities and other facilities’ for ‘school buildings, hospitals, and other facili-ties’. 
‘‘(7) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 515 of 
such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–14), relating to disclaimers. 
‘‘(8) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 516 of 
such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–15), relating to ap-plication of title I provisions. 
‘‘(9) Section 518 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 
458aaa–17), relating to appeals. 
‘‘(m) D
EFINITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply (except as otherwise expressly provided): 
‘‘(A) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘compact’ means 
a compact between the Secretary and an In-dian tribe entered into under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(C) E LIGIBLE INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘eli-
gible Indian tribe’ means an Indian tribe that is eligible to participate in the program, as determined under subsection (b). 
‘‘(D) F
UNDING AGREEMENT .—The term 
‘funding agreement’ means a funding agree-ment between the Secretary and an Indian tribe entered into under subsection (d). 
‘‘(E) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
means any Indian or Alaska Native tribe, band, nation, pueblo, village, or community 
that the Secretary of the Interior acknowl-edges to exist as an Indian tribe under the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a). In any case in which an Indian tribe has authorized another In-dian tribe, an intertribal consortium, or a tribal organization to plan for or carry out programs, services, functions, or activities (or portions thereof) on its behalf under this part, the authorized Indian tribe, intertribal consortium, or tribal organization shall have the rights and responsibilities of the author-izing Indian tribe (except as otherwise pro-vided in the authorizing resolution or in this title). In such event, the term ‘Indian tribe’ as used in this part shall include such other authorized Indian tribe, intertribal consor-tium, or tribal organization. 
‘‘(F) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means 
the tribal transportation self-governance program established under this section. 
‘‘(G) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Transportation. 
‘‘(H) T RANSPORTATION PROGRAMS .—The 
term ‘transportation programs’ means all programs administered or financed by the Department under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER DEFINITIONS .— 
In this section, the definitions set forth in sections 4 and 505 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b; 458aaa) apply, except as other-wise expressly provided in this section. 
‘‘(n) R
EGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) P ROMULGATION .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of enactment of the Sur-face Transportation Reauthorization and Re-form Act of 2015, the Secretary shall initiate procedures under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5 to negotiate and promulgate such regulations as are necessary to carry out 
this section. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION OF PROPOSED REGULA -
TIONS .—Proposed regulations to implement 
this section shall be published in the Federal Register by the Secretary not later than 21 months after such date of enactment. 
‘‘(C) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority to promulgate regulations under paragraph (1) shall expire 30 months after such date of enactment. 
‘‘(D) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINES .—A deadline 
set forth in paragraph (1)(B) or (1)(C) may be extended up to 180 days if the negotiated rulemaking committee referred to in para-graph (2) concludes that the committee can-not meet the deadline and the Secretary so notifies the appropriate committees of Con-gress. 
‘‘(2) C
OMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A negotiated rule-
making committee established pursuant to section 565 of title 5 to carry out this sub-section shall have as its members only Fed-eral and tribal government representatives, a majority of whom shall be nominated by and be representatives of Indian tribes with funding agreements under this title. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The committee shall 
confer with, and accommodate participation by, representatives of Indian tribes, inter- tribal consortia, tribal organizations, and in-dividual tribal members. 
‘‘(C) A
DAPTATION OF PROCEDURES .—The 
Secretary shall adapt the negotiated rule-making procedures to the unique context of self-governance and the government-to-gov-ernment relationship between the United States and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(3) E
FFECT .—The lack of promulgated reg-
ulations shall not limit the effect of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(4) E
FFECT OF CIRCULARS , POLICIES , MANU -
ALS, GUIDANCE , AND RULES .—Unless expressly 
agreed to by the participating Indian tribe in the compact or funding agreement, the par-ticipating Indian tribe shall not be subject to any agency circular, policy, manual, guid-ance, or rule adopted by the Department, ex-
cept regulations promulgated under this sec-tion.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 206 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘207. Tribal transportation self-governance 
program.’’. 
SEC. 1117. EMERGENCY RELIEF. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 125(d)(3) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) projects eligible for assistance under 
this section located on Federal lands trans-portation facilities or other federally owned roads that are open to public travel (as de-fined in subsection (e)).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 125(e) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions apply: 
‘‘(A) O PEN TO PUBLIC TRAVEL .—The term 
‘open to public travel’ means, with respect to a road, that, except during scheduled peri-ods, extreme weather conditions, or emer-gencies, the road— 
‘‘(i) is maintained; ‘‘(ii) is open to the general public; and ‘‘(iii) can accommodate travel by a stand-
ard passenger vehicle, without restrictive gates or prohibitive signs or regulations, other than for general traffic control or re-strictions based on size, weight, or class of registration. ‘‘(B) S
TANDARD PASSENGER VEHICLE .—The 
term ‘standard passenger vehicle’ means a vehicle with 6 inches of clearance from the lowest point of the frame, body, suspension, or differential to the ground.’’. 
SEC. 1118. HIGHWAY USE TAX EVASION 
PROJECTS. 
Section 143(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2)(A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From administrative 
funds made available under section 104(a), the Secretary may deduct such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to carry out this section.’’; 
(2) in the heading for paragraph (8) by in-
serting ‘‘
BLOCK GRANT ’’ after ‘‘ SURFACE  
TRANSPORTATION ’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (9) by inserting ‘‘, the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate’’ after ‘‘the Sec-retary’’. 
SEC. 1119. BUNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
Section 144 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)(A) by striking ‘‘the 
natural condition of the bridge’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the natural condition of the water’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (k); 
(3) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(j) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this sub-
section is to save costs and time by encour-aging States to bundle multiple bridge projects as 1 project. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity eligible to carry out a bridge project under section 119 or 133. 
‘‘(3) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .—An eli-
gible entity may bundle 2 or more similar bridge projects that are— 
‘‘(A) eligible projects under section 119 or 
133; 
‘‘(B) included as a bundled project in a 
transportation improvement program under section 134(j) or a statewide transportation improvement program under section 135, as applicable; and 
‘‘(C) awarded to a single contractor or con-
sultant pursuant to a contract for engineer-ing and design or construction between the contractor and an eligible entity. 
‘‘(4) I
TEMIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law (including regula-tions), a bundling of bridge projects under this subsection may be listed as— 
‘‘(A) 1 project for purposes of sections 134 
and 135; and 
‘‘(B) a single project within the applicable 
bundle. 
‘‘(5) F
INANCIAL CHARACTERISTICS .—Projects 
bundled under this subsection shall have the same financial characteristics, including— 
‘‘(A) the same funding category or sub-
category; and 
‘‘(B) the same Federal share. ‘‘(6) E
NGINEERING COST REIMBURSEMENT .— 
The provisions of section 102(b) do not apply to projects carried out under this sub-section.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (k)(2), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2) of this section, by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
SEC. 1120. TRIBAL HIGH PRIORITY PROJECTS 
PROGRAM. 
Section 1123(h)(1) of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 
note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7529 November 3, 2015 
SEC. 1121. CONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS AND 
FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES. 
Section 147(e) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2013 and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’. 
Subtitle B—Planning and Performance 
Management 
SEC. 1201. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 134 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection 
of officials or representatives under para-graph (2) shall be determined by the metro-politan planning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organi-zation. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling 
statute of the metropolitan planning organi-zation, a representative of a provider of pub-lic transportation may also serve as a rep-resentative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An of-
ficial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have responsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensu-rate with other officials described in para-graph (2).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5) as so redesignated by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by inserting 
‘‘tourism, natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘economic development,’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system; and 
‘‘(J) enhance travel and tourism.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(6) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A)(i) by striking 
‘‘transit,’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation facilities, intercity bus facilities,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators, employer-based commuting pro-grams, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(E)’’ each place it appears; 
(7) in subsection (k)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘(in-
cluding intercity bus operators, employer- based commuting programs such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit 
program, parking cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program), job access projects,’’ after ‘‘reduction’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONGESTION MANAGEMENT PLAN .—A 
metropolitan planning organization with a transportation management area may de-velop a plan that includes projects and strat-egies that will be considered in the TIP of such metropolitan planning organization. Such plan shall— 
‘‘(i) develop regional goals to reduce vehi-
cle miles traveled during peak commuting hours and improve transportation connec-tions between areas with high job concentra-tion and areas with high concentrations of low-income households; 
‘‘(ii) identify existing public transpor-
tation services, employer-based commuter programs, and other existing transportation services that support access to jobs in the re-gion; and 
‘‘(iii) identify proposed projects and pro-
grams to reduce congestion and increase job access opportunities. 
‘‘(D) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a metropolitan planning organization shall consult with em-ployers, private and nonprofit providers of public transportation, transportation man-agement organizations, and organizations that provide job access reverse commute projects or job-related services to low-in-come individuals.’’; 
(8) in subsection (l)— (A) by adding a period at the end of para-
graph (1); and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D) by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a popu-lation of 200,000 or less’’; 
(9) in subsection (n)(1) by inserting ‘‘49’’ 
after ‘‘chapter 53 of title’’; and 
(10) in subsection (p) by striking ‘‘Funds 
set aside under section 104(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘Funds apportioned under section 104(b)(5)’’. 
SEC. 1202. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
Section 135 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and insert-ing, ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system; and 
‘‘(J) enhance travel and tourism.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii) by striking ‘‘ur-
banized’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘ur-
banized’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators, employer-based commuting pro-grams, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and (B) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
Subtitle C—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
SEC. 1301. SATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, with the requirements of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish pro-cedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no fea-sible or prudent alternative to avoid use of a historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Sec-
retary in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination 
to— 
‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preser-
vation officer and tribal historic preserva-tion officer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under sec-tion 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preserva-
tion officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior a concurrence that the deter-mination is sufficient to satisfy the require-ment of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable pres-
ervation officer, the Council, and the Sec-retary of the Interior each provide a concur-rence requested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be required. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a deter-
mination, together with each relevant con-currence to that determination, under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal Web 
site by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all concurrences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the ap-
plicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To sat-
isfy the requirements of subsection (a)(2), each individual described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall concur in the treatment of the applicable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7530 November 3, 2015 
(b) P UBLIC TRANSPORTATION .—Section 303 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, the requirements of this section with the requirements of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish pro-cedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no fea-sible or prudent alternative to avoid use of a historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Sec-
retary in the analysis required under that 
Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination 
to— 
‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preser-
vation officer and tribal historic preserva-tion officer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under sec-tion 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preserva-
tion officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior a concurrence that the deter-mination is sufficient to satisfy the require-ment of subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable pres-
ervation officer, the Council, and the Sec-retary of the Interior each provide a concur-rence requested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be required. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a deter-
mination, together with each relevant con-currence to that determination, under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal Web 
site by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all concurrences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the ap-
plicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (c)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To sat-
isfy the requirements of subsection (c)(2), the applicable preservation officer, the Coun-cil, and the Secretary of the Interior shall concur in the treatment of the applicable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
SEC. 1302. TREATMENT OF IMPROVEMENTS TO 
RAIL AND TRANSIT UNDER PRESER-VATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 138 of 
title 23, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Improvements to, or the 
maintenance, rehabilitation, or operation of, railroad or rail transit lines or elements thereof that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers shall not be considered a use of a his-toric site under subsection (a), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element thereof is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of Historic Places. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(i) stations; or ‘‘(ii) bridges or tunnels located on— ‘‘(I) railroad lines that have been aban-
doned; or 
‘‘(II) transit lines that are not in use. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO CER -
TAIN BRIDGES AND TUNNELS .—The bridges and 
tunnels referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) do not include bridges or tunnels located on railroad or transit lines— 
‘‘(i) over which service has been discon-
tinued; or 
‘‘(ii) that have been railbanked or other-
wise reserved for the transportation of goods or passengers.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 303 of 
title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Improvements to, or the 
maintenance, rehabilitation, or operation of, railroad or rail transit lines or elements thereof that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers shall not be considered a use of a his-toric site under subsection (c), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element thereof is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of Historic Places. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(i) stations; or ‘‘(ii) bridges or tunnels located on— ‘‘(I) railroad lines that have been aban-
doned; or 
‘‘(II) transit lines that are not in use. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO CER -
TAIN BRIDGES AND TUNNELS .—The bridges and 
tunnels referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) do not include bridges or tunnels located on railroad or transit lines— 
‘‘(i) over which service has been discon-
tinued; or 
‘‘(ii) that have been railbanked or other-
wise reserved for the transportation of goods or passengers.’’. 
SEC. 1303. CLARIFICATION OF TRANSPORTATION 
ENVIRONMENTAL AUTHORITIES. 
(a) T ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 138 of 
title 23, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) R
EFERENCES TO PASTTRANSPORTATION  
ENVIRONMENTAL AUTHORITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S ECTION 4(F) REQUIREMENTS .—The re-
quirements of this section are commonly re-ferred to as section 4(f) requirements (see section 4(f) of the Department of Transpor-tation Act (Public Law 89–670; 80 Stat. 934) as in effect before the repeal of that section). 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 106 REQUIREMENTS .—The re-
quirements of section 306108 of title 54 are commonly referred to as section 106 require-ments (see section 106 of the National His-toric Preservation Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–665; 80 Stat. 915) as in effect before the re-
peal of that section).’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 303 of 
title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) R
EFERENCES TO PASTTRANSPORTATION  
ENVIRONMENTAL AUTHORITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S ECTION 4(F) REQUIREMENTS .—The re-
quirements of this section are commonly re-ferred to as section 4(f) requirements (see section 4(f) of the Department of Transpor-tation Act (Public Law 89–670; 80 Stat. 934) as in effect before the repeal of that section). 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 106 REQUIREMENTS .—The re-
quirements of section 306108 of title 54 are commonly referred to as section 106 require-ments (see section 106 of the National His-toric Preservation Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–665; 80 Stat. 915) as in effect before the re-peal of that section).’’. 
SEC. 1304. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN BRIDGES 
UNDER PRESERVATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 138 of 
title 23, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION .—A common post- 
1945 concrete or steel bridge or culvert that is exempt from individual review under sec-tion 306108 of title 54 (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) shall be treated under this sec-tion as having a de minimis impact on an area.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 303 of 
title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION .—A common post- 
1945 concrete or steel bridge or culvert that is exempt from individual review under sec-tion 306108 of title 54 (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) shall be treated under this sec-tion as having a de minimis impact on an area.’’. 
SEC. 1305. EFFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS 
FOR PROJECT DECISIONMAKING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 139(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) M ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ means a project that requires the approval of more than 1 Depart-ment of Transportation operating adminis-tration or secretarial office.’’; 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) S
UBSTANTIAL DEFERENCE .—The term 
‘substantial deference’ means deference by a participating agency to the recommenda-tions and decisions of the lead agency unless it is not possible to defer without violating the participating agency’s statutory respon-sibilities.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 139(b)(3) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘initiate a rule-making to’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-
paragraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that programmatic reviews— 
‘‘(i) promote transparency, including the 
transparency of— 
‘‘(I) the analyses and data used in the envi-
ronmental reviews; 
‘‘(II) the treatment of any deferred issues 
raised by agencies or the public; and 
‘‘(III) the temporal and spatial scales to be 
used to analyze issues under subclauses (I) and (II); 
‘‘(ii) use accurate and timely information, 
including through establishment of— 
‘‘(I) criteria for determining the general 
duration of the usefulness of the review; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7531 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(II) a timeline for updating an out-of-date 
review; 
‘‘(iii) describe— ‘‘(I) the relationship between any pro-
grammatic analysis and future tiered anal-ysis; and 
‘‘(II) the role of the public in the creation 
of future tiered analysis; 
‘‘(iv) are available to other relevant Fed-
eral and State agencies, Indian tribes, and the public; and 
‘‘(v) provide notice and public comment op-
portunities consistent with applicable re-quirements.’’. 
(c) F
EDERAL LEAD AGENCY .—Section 
139(c)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, or an operating ad-ministration thereof designated by the Sec-retary,’’ after ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation’’. 
(d) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
(1) I NVITATION .—Section 139(d)(2) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The lead agency shall identify, as early as practicable in the environmental review process for a project,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 45 days after the date of publica-tion of a notice of intent to prepare an envi-ronmental impact statement or the initi-ation of an environmental assessment, the lead agency shall identify’’. 
(2) S
INGLE NEPA DOCUMENT .—Section 139(d) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) S
INGLE NEPA DOCUMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as inconsistent 
with paragraph (7), to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with Federal law, all Federal permits and reviews for a project shall rely on a single environment document prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) under the leadership of the lead agency. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF DOCUMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the lead agency shall develop an environmental document sufficient to sat-isfy the requirements for any Federal ap-proval or other Federal action required for the project, including permits issued by other Federal agencies. 
‘‘(ii) C
OOPERATION OF PARTICIPATING AGEN -
CIES.—Other participating agencies shall co-
operate with the lead agency and provide timely information to help the lead agency carry out this subparagraph. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT AS PARTICIPATING AND CO -
OPERATING AGENCIES .—A Federal agency re-
quired to make an approval or take an ac-tion for a project, as described in subpara-graph (B), shall work with the lead agency for the project to ensure that the agency making the approval or taking the action is treated as being both a participating and co-operating agency for the project.’’. 
(e) P
ROJECT INITIATION .—Section 139(e) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) E
NVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST .— 
‘‘(A) D EVELOPMENT .—The lead agency for a 
project, in consultation with participating agencies, shall develop, as appropriate, a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cultural, and historic re-sources in the area of the project. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of the check-
list are— 
‘‘(i) to identify agencies and organizations 
that can provide information about natural, cultural, and historic resources; 
‘‘(ii) to develop the information needed to 
determine the range of alternatives; and 
‘‘(iii) to improve interagency collaboration 
to help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and participating agencies.’’. 
(f) P
URPOSE AND NEED.—Section 139(f) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading by inserting 
‘‘; A LTERNATIVES ANALYSIS ’’ after ‘‘N EED’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) P
ARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As early as practicable 
during the environmental review process, the lead agency shall seek the involvement of participating agencies and the public for the purpose of reaching agreement early in the environmental review process on a reason-able range of alternatives that will satisfy all subsequent Federal environmental review and permit requirements. 
‘‘(ii) C
OMMENTS OF PARTICIPATING AGEN -
CIES.—To the maximum extent practicable 
and consistent with applicable law, each par-ticipating agency receiving an opportunity for involvement under clause (i) shall— 
‘‘(I) limit the agency’s comments to sub-
ject matter areas within the agency’s special expertise or jurisdiction; and 
‘‘(II) afford substantial deference to the 
range of alternatives recommended by the lead agency. 
‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF NONPARTICIPATION .—A par-
ticipating agency that declines to partici-pate in the development of the purpose and need and reasonable range of alternatives for a project shall be required to comply with the schedule developed under subsection (g)(1)(B).’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘Following participation 
under paragraph (1)’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) D
ETERMINATION .—Following participa-
tion under subparagraph (A)’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) U
SE.—To the maximum extent prac-
ticable and consistent with Federal law, the range of alternatives determined for a project under clause (i) shall be used for all Federal environmental reviews and permit processes required for the project unless the alternatives must be modified— 
‘‘(I) to address significant new information 
or circumstances, and the lead agency and participating agencies agree that the alter-natives must be modified to address the new information or circumstances; or 
‘‘(II) for the lead agency or a participating 
agency to fulfill its responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in a timely man-ner.’’. 
(g) C
OORDINATION AND SCHEDULING .— 
(1) C OORDINATION PLAN .—Section 139(g)(1) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘The 
lead agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of publication of a no-tice of intent to prepare an environmental impact statement or the initiation of an en-vironmental assessment, the lead agency’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(i) by striking 
‘‘may establish’’ and inserting ‘‘shall estab-lish’’. 
(2) D
EADLINES FOR DECISIONS UNDER OTHER  
LAWS .—Section 139(g)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) D EADLINES FOR DECISIONS UNDER OTHER  
LAWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In any case in which a 
decision under any Federal law relating to a project (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license) is required by law, regula-tion, or Executive order to be made after the date on which the lead agency has issued a categorical exclusion, finding of no signifi-cant impact, or record of decision with re-spect to the project, any such later decision shall be made or completed by the later of— 
‘‘(i) the date that is 180 days after the lead 
agency’s final decision has been made; or ‘‘(ii) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which a completed application was sub-mitted for the permit or license. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF DELAYS .—Following 
the deadline established by subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and publish on the De-partment’s Internet Web site— 
‘‘(i) as soon as practicable after the 180-day 
period, an initial notice of the failure of the Federal agency to make the decision; and 
‘‘(ii) every 60 days thereafter, until such 
date as all decisions of the Federal agency relating to the project have been made by the Federal agency, an additional notice that describes the number of decisions of the Federal agency that remain outstanding as of the date of the additional notice.’’. 
(3) A
DOPTION OF DOCUMENTS ; ACCELERATED  
DECISIONMAKING IN ENVIRONMENTAL RE -
VIEWS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 139(g) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) A CCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN ENVI -
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In preparing a final en-
vironmental impact statement under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the lead agency modi-fies the statement in response to comments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or explanations of why the com-ments do not warrant additional agency re-sponse, the lead agency may write on errata sheets attached to the statement instead of rewriting the draft statement, subject to the condition that the errata sheets— 
‘‘(i) cite the sources, authorities, and rea-
sons that support the position of the agency; and 
‘‘(ii) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger agency re-appraisal or further response. 
‘‘(B) S
INGLE DOCUMENT .—To the maximum 
extent practicable, the lead agency shall ex-peditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(i) the final environmental impact state-
ment makes substantial changes to the pro-posed action that are relevant to environ-mental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(ii) there is a significant new cir-
cumstance or information relevant to envi-ronmental concerns that bears on the pro-posed action or the impacts of the proposed action.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1319 
of MAP–21 (42 U.S.C. 4332a), and the item re-lating to that section in the table of con-tents contained in section 1(c) of that Act, are repealed. 
(h) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLU -
TION.— 
(1) I SSUE RESOLUTION .—Section 139(h) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) I
SSUE RESOLUTION .—Any issue resolved 
by the lead agency and participating agen-cies may not be reconsidered unless signifi-cant new information or circumstances arise.’’. 
(2) F
AILURE TO ASSURE .—Section 
139(h)(5)(C) of title 23, United States Code, (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection) is amended by striking ‘‘para-graph (5) and’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7532 November 3, 2015 
(3) A CCELERATED ISSUE RESOLUTION AND RE -
FERRAL .—Section 139(h)(6) of title 23, United 
States Code, (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection) is amended by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) R
EFERRAL TO COUNCIL ON ENVIRON -
MENTAL QUALITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If issue resolution for a 
project is not achieved on or before the 30th day after the date of a meeting under sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary shall refer the matter to the Council on Environmental Quality. 
‘‘(ii) M
EETING .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of receipt of a referral from the Secretary under clause (i), the Council on Environmental Quality shall hold an issue resolution meeting with— 
‘‘(I) the head of the lead agency; ‘‘(II) the heads of relevant participating 
agencies; and 
‘‘(III) the project sponsor (including the 
Governor only if the initial issue resolution meeting request came from the Governor). 
‘‘(iii) R
ESOLUTION .—The Council on Envi-
ronmental Quality shall work with the lead agency, relevant participating agencies, and the project sponsor until all issues are re-solved.’’. 
(4) F
INANCIAL PENALTY PROVISIONS .—Sec-
tion 139(h)(7)(B)(i)(I) of title 23, United States Code, (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 106(i) is required’’ and inserting ‘‘is required under subsection (h) or (i) of section 106’’. 
(i) A
SSISTANCE TO AFFECTED STATE AND  
FEDERAL AGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 139(j)(1) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE FUNDS .—The 
Secretary may allow a public entity receiv-ing financial assistance from the Depart-ment of Transportation under this title or chapter 53 of title 49 to provide funds to Fed-eral agencies (including the Department), State agencies, and Indian tribes partici-pating in the environmental review process for the project or program. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds referred to in 
subparagraph (A) may be provided only to support activities that directly and meaning-fully contribute to expediting and improving permitting and review processes, including planning, approval, and consultation proc-esses for the project or program.’’. 
(2) A
CTIVITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUNDING .—Sec-
tion 139(j)(2) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘activities directly related to the environmental review proc-ess,’’ before ‘‘dedicated staffing,’’. 
(3) A
GREEMENT .—Section 139(j)(6) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(6) A
GREEMENT .—Prior to providing funds 
approved by the Secretary for dedicated staffing at an affected agency under para-graphs (1) and (2), the affected agency and the requesting public entity shall enter into an agreement that establishes the projects and priorities to be addressed by the use of the funds.’’. 
(j) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PROGRAMMATIC  
COMPLIANCE .— 
(1) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete a rulemaking to implement the provisions of section 139(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, as amended by this section. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Before initiating the 
rulemaking under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall consult with relevant Federal agencies, relevant State resource agencies, State departments of transportation, Indian tribes, and the public on the appropriate use 
and scope of the programmatic approaches. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this 
subsection, the Secretary shall ensure that the rulemaking meets the requirements of section 139(b)(3)(B) of title 23, United States Code, as amended by this section. 
(4) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—The Secretary 
shall— 
(A) allow not fewer than 60 days for public 
notice and comment on the proposed rule; and 
(B) address any comments received under 
this subsection. 
SEC. 1306. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) maintain and use a searchable Internet 
Web site— 
(A) to make publicly available the status 
and progress of projects, as defined in section 139 of title 23, United States Code, requiring an environmental assessment or an environ-mental impact statement with respect to compliance with applicable requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal, State, or local approval required for such projects; and 
(B) to make publicly available the names 
of participating agencies not participating in the development of a project purpose and need and range of alternatives under section 139(f) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(2) in coordination with agencies described 
in subsection (b) and State agencies, issue reporting standards to meet the require-ments of paragraph (1). 
(b) F
EDERAL , STATE , AND LOCAL AGENCY  
PARTICIPATION .—A Federal, State, or local 
agency participating in the environmental review or permitting process for a project, as defined in section 139 of title 23, United States Code, shall provide to the Secretary information regarding the status and progress of the approval of the project for publication on the Internet Web site main-tained under subsection (a), consistent with the standards established under subsection (a). 
(c) S
TATES WITHDELEGATED AUTHORITY .— 
A State with delegated authority for respon-sibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) pur-suant to section 327 of title 23, United States Code, shall be responsible for supplying project development and compliance status to the Secretary for all applicable projects. 
SEC. 1307. INTEGRATION OF PLANNING AND EN-
VIRONMENTAL REVIEW. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 168(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘environmental review process’ has the meaning given that term in section 139(a).’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respec-tively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agency’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 139(a).’’; and 
(4) by striking paragraph (3) (as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2) of this subsection) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCT .—The term ‘plan-
ning product’ means a decision, analysis, study, or other documented information that is the result of an evaluation or decision-making process carried out by a metropoli-tan planning organization or a State, as ap-propriate, during metropolitan or statewide transportation planning under section 134 or 
section 135, respectively.’’. 
(b) A
DOPTION OF PLANNING PRODUCTS FOR  
USE IN NEPA P ROCEEDINGS .—Section 168(b) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading by inserting 
‘‘ORINCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ’’ after 
‘‘ADOPTION ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘the Fed-
eral lead agency for a project may adopt’’ and inserting ‘‘and to the maximum extent practicable and appropriate, the lead agency for a project may adopt or incorporate by reference’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; 
(4) by striking paragraph (2) (as so redesig-
nated) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) P
ARTIAL ADOPTION OR INCORPORATION  
BY REFERENCE OF PLANNING PRODUCTS .—The 
lead agency may adopt or incorporate by ref-erence a planning product under paragraph (1) in its entirety or may select portions for adoption or incorporation by reference.’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated) by 
inserting ‘‘or incorporation by reference’’ after ‘‘adoption’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
(1) P LANNING DECISIONS .—Section 168(c)(1) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by striking ‘‘adopted’’ and inserting ‘‘adopted or incorporated by reference by the 
lead agency’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (E) as subparagraphs (B) through (F), respectively; 
(C) by inserting before subparagraph (B) 
(as so redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(A) the project purpose and need;’’; (D) by striking subparagraph (B) (as so re-
designated) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) the preliminary screening of alter-
natives and elimination of unreasonable al-ternatives;’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated) 
by inserting ‘‘and general travel corridor’’ after ‘‘modal choice’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (E) (as so redesig-
nated) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(G) in subparagraph (F) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(i) in the matter preceding clause (i) by 
striking ‘‘potential impacts’’ and all that follows through ‘‘resource agencies,’’ and in-serting ‘‘potential impacts of a project, in-cluding a programmatic mitigation plan de-veloped in accordance with section 169, that the lead agency’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) whether tolling, private financial as-
sistance, or other special financial measures are necessary to implement the project.’’. 
(2) P
LANNING ANALYSES .—Section 168(c)(2) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by striking ‘‘adopted’’ and inserting ‘‘adopted or incorporated by reference by the lead agency’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (G)— (i) by inserting ‘‘direct, indirect, and’’ be-
fore ‘‘cumulative effects’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, identified as a result of 
a statewide or regional cumulative effects assessment’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (H)— (i) by striking ‘‘proposed action’’ and in-
serting ‘‘proposed project’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Federal lead agency’’ and 
inserting ‘‘lead agency’’. 
(d) C
ONDITIONS .—Section 168(d) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) 
by striking ‘‘Adoption and use’’ and all that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7533 November 3, 2015 
follows through ‘‘Federal lead agency, that’’ 
and inserting ‘‘The lead agency in the envi-ronmental review process may adopt or in-corporate by reference and use a planning product under this section if the lead agency determines that’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘by engag-
ing in active consultation’’ and inserting ‘‘in consultation’’; 
(3) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) The planning process included public 
notice that the planning products may be adopted or incorporated by reference during a subsequent environmental review process in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(5) During the environmental review proc-
ess, but prior to determining whether to rely on and use the planning product, the lead agency has— 
‘‘(A) made the planning documents avail-
able for review and comment by members of the general public and Federal, State, local, and tribal governments that may have an in-terest in the proposed action; 
‘‘(B) provided notice of the lead agency’s 
intent to adopt the planning product or in-corporate the planning product by reference; and 
‘‘(C) considered any resulting comments.’’; (4) in paragraph (9)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or incorporation by ref-
erence’’ after ‘‘adoption’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘and is sufficient to meet 
the requirements of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘for the project’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (10) by striking ‘‘not later 
than 5 years prior to date on which the infor-mation is adopted’’ and inserting ‘‘within the 5-year period ending on the date on which the information is adopted or incor-porated by reference’’. 
(e) E
FFECT OF ADOPTION OR INCORPORATION  
BYREFERENCE .—Section 168(e) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading by inserting 
‘‘ORINCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ’’ after 
‘‘ADOPTION ’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘adopted by the Federal 
lead agency’’ and inserting ‘‘adopted or in-corporated by reference by the lead agency’’. 
SEC. 1308. DEVELOPMENT OF PROGRAMMATIC 
MITIGATION PLANS. 
Section 169(f) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may use’’ and inserting ‘‘shall give substantial weight to’’. 
SEC. 1309. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall use 
the authority under section 106(c) of title 23, United States Code, to the maximum extent practicable, to delegate responsibility to the States for project design, plans, specifica-tions, estimates, contract awards, and in-spection of projects, on both a project-spe-cific and programmatic basis. 
(b) S
UBMISSION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not 
later than 18 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary, in coopera-tion with the States, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate recommenda-tions for legislation to permit the delegation of additional authorities to the States, in-cluding with respect to real estate acquisi-tion and project design. 
SEC. 1310. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR 
PROJECTS OF LIMITED FEDERAL AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Section 
1317 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(A) by inserting ‘‘(as ad-
justed annually by the Secretary to reflect any increases in the Consumer Price Index prepared by the Department of Labor)’’ after 
‘‘$5,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)(B) by inserting ‘‘(as ad-
justed annually by the Secretary to reflect any increases in the Consumer Price Index prepared by the Department of Labor)’’ after ‘‘$30,000,000’’. 
(b) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .—The first 
adjustment made pursuant to the amend-ments made by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be carried out not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) reflect the increase in the Consumer 
Price Index since July 1, 2012. 
SEC. 1311. APPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EX-
CLUSIONS FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS. 
Section 304 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘operating authority that’’ 
and inserting ‘‘operating administration or secretarial office that has expertise but’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ 
after ‘‘with respect to a’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transpor-tation operating administration or secre-tarial office that has the lead responsibility for compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to a proposed multimodal project.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by inserting ‘‘or title 
23’’ after ‘‘under this title’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .—In consid-
ering the environmental impacts of a pro-posed multimodal project, a lead authority may apply categorical exclusions designated under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in imple-menting regulations or procedures of a co-operating authority for a proposed multimodal project, subject to the condi-tions that— 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a determina-
tion, with the concurrence of the cooper-ating authority— 
‘‘(A) on the applicability of a categorical 
exclusion to a proposed multimodal project; and 
‘‘(B) that the project satisfies the condi-
tions for a categorical exclusion under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and this section; 
‘‘(2) the lead authority follows the cooper-
ating authority’s implementing regulations or procedures under such Act; and 
‘‘(3) the lead authority determines that— ‘‘(A) the proposed multimodal project does 
not individually or cumulatively have a sig-nificant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(B) extraordinary circumstances do not 
exist that merit additional analysis and doc-umentation in an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment re-quired under such Act.’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATING AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .— 
A cooperating authority shall provide exper-
tise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
SEC. 1312. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PROJECT 
DELIVERY PROGRAM. 
Section 327 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) by striking 
‘‘(42 U.S.C. 13 4321 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’; (2) in subsection (c)(4) by inserting ‘‘rea-
sonably’’ before ‘‘considers necessary’’; 
(3) in subsection (e) by inserting ‘‘and 
without further approval of’’ after ‘‘in lieu of’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To ensure compliance by 
a State with any agreement of the State under subsection (c) (including compliance by the State with all Federal laws for which responsibility is assumed under subsection (a)(2)), for each State participating in the program under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 6 months after execu-
tion of the agreement, meet with the State to review implementation of the agreement and discuss plans for the first annual audit; 
‘‘(B) conduct annual audits during each of 
the first 4 years of State participation; and 
‘‘(C) ensure that the time period for com-
pleting an annual audit, from initiation to completion (including public comment and responses to those comments), does not ex-ceed 180 days.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
UDIT TEAM .—An audit conducted 
under paragraph (1) shall be carried out by an audit team determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the State. Such con-sultation shall include a reasonable oppor-tunity for the State to review and provide comments on the proposed members of the audit team.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) C
APACITY BUILDING .—The Secretary, 
in cooperation with representatives of State officials, may carry out education, training, peer-exchange, and other initiatives as ap-propriate— 
‘‘(1) to assist States in developing the ca-
pacity to participate in the assignment pro-gram under this section; and 
‘‘(2) to promote information sharing and 
collaboration among States that are partici-pating in the assignment program under this section. 
‘‘(l) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LOCALLY ADMINIS -
TERED PROJECTS .—A State granted authority 
under this section may, as appropriate and at the request of a local government— 
‘‘(1) exercise such authority on behalf of 
the local government for a locally adminis-tered project; or 
‘‘(2) provide guidance and training on con-
solidating and minimizing the documenta-tion and environmental analyses necessary for sponsors of a locally administered project to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any comparable requirements under State law.’’. 
SEC. 1313. PROGRAM FOR ELIMINATING DUPLI-
CATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL RE-VIEWS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to eliminate duplication of environmental reviews and approvals under State and Fed-eral laws. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 330. Program for eliminating duplication of 
environmental reviews 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a pilot program to authorize States that are approved to participate in the pro-gram to conduct environmental reviews and make approvals for projects under State en-vironmental laws and regulations instead of Federal environmental laws and regulations, consistent with the requirements of this sec-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7534 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(2) P ARTICIPATING STATES .—The Secretary 
may select not more than 5 States to partici-pate in the program. 
‘‘(3) A
LTERNATIVE REVIEW AND APPROVAL  
PROCEDURES .—In this section, the term ‘al-
ternative environmental review and approval procedures’ means— 
‘‘(A) substitution of 1 or more State envi-
ronmental laws for— 
‘‘(i) the National Environmental Policy 
Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) such provisions of sections 109(h), 128, 
and 139 related to the application of that Act that are under the authority of the Sec-retary, as the Secretary, in consultation with the State, considers appropriate; and 
‘‘(iii) related regulations and Executive or-
ders; and 
‘‘(B) substitution of 1 or more State envi-
ronmental regulations for— 
‘‘(i) the National Environmental Policy 
Act of 1969; 
‘‘(ii) such provisions of sections 109(h), 128, 
and 139 related to the application of that Act that are under the authority of the Sec-
retary, as the Secretary, in consultation with the State, considers appropriate; and 
‘‘(iii) related regulations and Executive or-
ders. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to par-
ticipate in the program, a State shall submit to the Secretary an application containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire, including— 
‘‘(1) a full and complete description of the 
proposed alternative environmental review and approval procedures of the State; 
‘‘(2) each Federal law described in sub-
section (a)(3) that the State is seeking to substitute; 
‘‘(3) each State law and regulation that the 
State intends to substitute for such Federal law, Federal regulation, or Executive order; 
‘‘(4) an explanation of the basis for con-
cluding that the State law or regulation is substantially equivalent to the Federal law described in subsection (a)(3); 
‘‘(5) a description of the projects or classes 
of projects for which the State anticipates exercising the authority that may be grant-ed under the program; 
‘‘(6) verification that the State has the fi-
nancial resources necessary to carry out the authority that may be granted under the program; 
‘‘(7) evidence of having sought, received, 
and addressed comments on the proposed ap-plication from the public; and 
‘‘(8) any such additional information as the 
Secretary, or, with respect to section (d)(1)(A), the Secretary in consultation with the Chair, may require. 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .—In accord-
ance with subsection (d), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) review an application submitted under 
subsection (b); 
‘‘(2) approve or disapprove the application 
not later than 90 days after the date of re-ceipt of the application; and 
‘‘(3) transmit to the State notice of the ap-
proval or disapproval, together with a state-ment of the reasons for the approval or dis-approval. 
‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove an application submitted under sub-section (b) only if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary, with the concurrence 
of the Chair, determines that the laws and regulations of the State described in the ap-plication are substantially equivalent to the Federal laws that the State is seeking to substitute; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the 
State has the capacity, including financial and personnel, to assume the responsibility; and ‘‘(C) the State has executed an agreement 
with the Secretary, in accordance with sec-tion 327, providing for environmental review, consultation, or other action under Federal environmental laws pertaining to the review or approval of a specific project. 
‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—The National Environ-
mental Policy Act of 1969 shall not apply to a decision by the Secretary to approve or disapprove an application submitted under this section. 
‘‘(e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The United States dis-
trict courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any civil action against a State— 
‘‘(A) for failure of the State to meet the re-
quirements of this section; or 
‘‘(B) if the action involves the exercise of 
authority by the State under this section and section 327. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE JURISDICTION .—A State court 
shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any civil action against a State if the action in-volves the exercise of authority by the State under this section not covered by paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) E
LECTION .—At its discretion, a State 
participating in the programs under this sec-tion and section 327 may elect to apply the National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 instead of the State’s alternative envi-ronmental review and approval procedures. 
‘‘(g) T
REATMENT OF STATE LAWS AND REGU-
LATIONS .—To the maximum extent prac-
ticable and consistent with Federal law, other Federal agencies with authority over a project subject to this section shall use docu-ments produced by a participating State under this section to satisfy the require-ments of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. 
‘‘(h) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LOCALLY ADMINIS -
TERED PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State with an ap-
proved program under this section, at the re-quest of a local government, may exercise authority under that program on behalf of up to 10 local governments for locally admin-istered projects. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE.—For up to 10 local govern-
ments selected by a State with an approved program under this section, the State shall be responsible for ensuring that any environ-mental review, consultation, or other action required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 or the State program, or both, meets the requirements of such Act or program. 
‘‘(i) R
EVIEW AND TERMINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State program ap-
proved under this section shall at all times be in accordance with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall review 
each State program approved under this sec-tion not less than once every 5 years. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—In con-
ducting the review process under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall provide notice and an opportunity for public comment. 
‘‘(4) W
ITHDRAWAL OF APPROVAL .—If the Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Chair, deter-mines at any time that a State is not admin-istering a State program approved under this section in accordance with the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall so notify the State, and if appropriate corrective ac-tion is not taken within a reasonable time, not to exceed 90 days, the Secretary shall withdraw approval of the State program. 
‘‘(5) E
XTENSIONS AND TERMINATIONS .—At 
the conclusion of the review process under 
paragraph (2), the Secretary may extend for an additional 5-year period or terminate the authority of a State under this section to substitute that State’s laws and regulations for Federal laws. 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Sec-
retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that describes the adminis-tration of the program, including— 
‘‘(1) the number of States participating in 
the program; 
‘‘(2) the number and types of projects for 
which each State participating in the pro-gram has used alternative environmental re-view and approval procedures; and 
‘‘(3) any recommendations for modifica-
tions to the program. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) C HAIR.—The term ‘Chair’ means the 
Chair of the Council on Environmental Qual-ity. 
‘‘(2) M
ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ has the meaning given that term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means 
the pilot program established under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(4) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ means— 
‘‘(A) a project requiring approval under 
this title, chapter 53 of subtitle III of title 49, or subtitle V of title 49; and 
‘‘(B) a multimodal project.’’. 
(c) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Chair of the Council on Environ-mental Quality, shall promulgate regula-tions to implement the requirements of sec-tion 330 of title 23, United States Code, as added by this section. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIALLY  
EQUIVALENT .—As part of the rulemaking re-
quired under this subsection, the Chair shall— 
(A) establish the criteria necessary to de-
termine that a State law or regulation is substantially equivalent to a Federal law de-scribed in section 330(a)(3) of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) ensure that such criteria, at a min-
imum— 
(i) provide for protection of the environ-
ment; 
(ii) provide opportunity for public partici-
pation and comment, including access to the documentation necessary to review the po-tential impact of a project; and 
(iii) ensure a consistent review of projects 
that would otherwise have been covered under Federal law. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘330. Program for eliminating duplication of 
environmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 1314. ASSESSMENT OF PROGRESS ON AC-
CELERATING PROJECT DELIVERY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States 
shall assess the progress made under this Act, MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141), and SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59), including the amendments made by those Acts, to ac-celerate the delivery of Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction projects and public transportation capital projects by streamlining the environmental review and permitting process. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment required 
under subsection (a) shall evaluate— 
(1) how often the various streamlining pro-
visions have been used; 
(2) which of the streamlining provisions 
have had the greatest impact on stream-lining the environmental review and permit-ting process; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7535 November 3, 2015 
(3) what, if any, impact streamlining of the 
process has had on environmental protec-tion; 
(4) how, and the extent to which, stream-
lining provisions have improved and acceler-ated the process for permitting under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and other applicable Federal laws; 
(5) what impact actions by the Council on 
Environmental Quality have had on accel-erating Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction projects and public transportation capital projects; 
(6) the number and percentage of projects 
that proceed under a traditional environ-mental assessment or environmental impact statement, and the number and percentage of projects that proceed under categorical exclusions; 
(7) the extent to which the environmental 
review and permitting process remains a sig-nificant source of project delay and the sources of delays; and 
(8) the costs of conducting environmental 
reviews and issuing permits or licenses for a project, including the cost of contractors and dedicated agency staff. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The assessment re-
quired under subsection (a) shall include rec-ommendations with respect to— 
(1) additional opportunities for stream-
lining the environmental review process, in-cluding regulatory or statutory changes to accelerate the processes of Federal agencies (other than the Department) with responsi-bility for reviewing Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction projects and public transportation capital projects with-out negatively impacting the environment; and 
(2) best practices of other Federal agencies 
that should be considered for adoption by the Department. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report con-taining the assessment and recommenda-tions required under this section. 
SEC. 1315. IMPROVING STATE AND FEDERAL 
AGENCY ENGAGEMENT IN ENVIRON-MENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 306 the following: 
‘‘§ 307. Improving State and Federal agency 
engagement in environmental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUESTS TO PROVIDE FUNDS .—A public 
entity receiving financial assistance from the Department of Transportation for 1 or more projects, or for a program of projects, for a public purpose may request that the Secretary allow the public entity to provide funds to Federal agencies, including the De-partment, State agencies, and Indian tribes participating in the environmental planning and review process for the project, projects, or program. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds may be pro-
vided only to support activities that directly and meaningfully contribute to expediting and improving permitting and review proc-esses, including planning, approval, and con-sultation processes for the project, projects, or program. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUNDING .— 
Activities for which funds may be provided under subsection (a) include transportation planning activities that precede the initi-ation of the environmental review process, activities directly related to the environ-mental review process, dedicated staffing, training of agency personnel, information 
gathering and mapping, and development of programmatic agreements. 
‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS .—Requests under subsection 
(a) may be approved only for the additional amounts that the Secretary determines are necessary for the Federal agencies, State 
agencies, or Indian tribes participating in the environmental review process to timely conduct their review. 
‘‘(d) A
GREEMENTS .—Prior to providing 
funds approved by the Secretary for dedi-cated staffing at an affected Federal agency under subsection (a), the affected Federal agency and the requesting public entity shall enter into an agreement that establishes a process to identify projects or priorities to be addressed by the use of the funds. 
‘‘(e) R
ULEMAKING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to implement this section. 
‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—As part of the rulemaking 
carried out under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall ensure— 
‘‘(A) to the maximum extent practicable, 
that expediting and improving the process of environmental review and permitting through the use of funds accepted and ex-pended under this section does not adversely affect the timeline for review and permitting by Federal agencies, State agencies, or In-dian tribes of other entities that have not contributed funds under this section; 
‘‘(B) that the use of funds accepted under 
this section will not impact impartial deci-sionmaking with respect to environmental reviews or permits, either substantively or procedurally; and 
‘‘(C) that the Secretary maintains, and 
makes publicly available, including on the Internet, a list of projects or programs for which such review or permits have been car-ried out using funds authorized under this section. 
‘‘(f) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to conflict with section 139(j) of title 23.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 306 the following: 
‘‘307. Improving State and Federal agency 
engagement in environmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 1316. ACCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 304 the following: 
‘‘§ 304a. Accelerated decisionmaking in envi-
ronmental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In preparing a final en-
vironmental impact statement under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the lead agency modi-fies the statement in response to comments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or explanations of why the com-ments do not warrant additional agency re-sponse, the lead agency may write on errata sheets attached to the statement, instead of rewriting the draft statement, subject to the condition that the errata sheets— 
‘‘(1) cite the sources, authorities, and rea-
sons that support the position of the agency; and 
‘‘(2) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger agency re-appraisal or further response. 
‘‘(b) S
INGLE DOCUMENT .—To the maximum 
extent practicable, the lead agency shall ex-peditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(1) the final environmental impact state-
ment makes substantial changes to the pro-posed action that are relevant to environ-
mental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(2) there is a significant new cir-
cumstance or information relevant to envi-ronmental concerns that bears on the pro-posed action or the impacts of the proposed action. 
‘‘(c) A
DOPTION OF DOCUMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A VOIDING DUPLICATION .—To prevent du-
plication of analyses and support expeditious and efficient decisions, the operating admin-istrations of the Department of Transpor-tation shall use adoption and incorporation by reference in accordance with this para-graph. 
‘‘(2) A
DOPTION OF DOCUMENTS OF OTHER OP -
ERATING ADMINISTRATIONS .—An operating ad-
ministration or a secretarial office within the Department of Transportation may adopt a draft environmental impact state-ment, an environmental assessment, or a final environmental impact statement of an-other operating administration for the adopting operating administration’s use when preparing an environmental assess-ment or final environmental impact state-ment for a project without recirculating the document for public review, if— 
‘‘(A) the adopting operating administra-
tion certifies that its proposed action is sub-stantially the same as the project considered in the document to be adopted; 
‘‘(B) the other operating administration 
concurs with such decision; and 
‘‘(C) such actions are consistent with the 
requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) I
NCORPORATION BY REFERENCE .—An op-
erating administration or secretarial office within the Department of Transportation may incorporate by reference all or portions of a draft environmental impact statement, an environmental assessment, or a final en-vironmental impact statement for the adopt-ing operating administration’s use when pre-paring an environmental assessment or final environmental impact statement for a project if— 
‘‘(A) the incorporated material is cited in 
the environmental assessment or final envi-ronmental impact statement and the con-tents of the incorporated material is briefly described; 
‘‘(B) the incorporated material is reason-
ably available for inspection by potentially interested persons within the time allowed for review and comment; and 
‘‘(C) the incorporated material does not in-
clude proprietary data that is not available for review and comment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 304 the following: 
‘‘304a. Accelerated decisionmaking in envi-
ronmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 1317. ALIGNING FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL 
REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 309 the following: 
‘‘§ 310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views 
‘‘(a) C
OORDINATED AND CONCURRENT ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Department of Transportation, in coordi-nation with the heads of Federal agencies likely to have substantive review or approval responsibilities under Federal law, shall de-velop a coordinated and concurrent environ-mental review and permitting process for transportation projects when initiating an environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.; in this section referred to as ‘NEPA’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7536 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(b) C ONTENTS .—The coordinated and con-
current environmental review and permit-ting process shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the Department and agen-
cies of jurisdiction possess sufficient infor-mation early in the review process to deter-mine a statement of a transportation project’s purpose and need and range of al-ternatives for analysis that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction will rely on for concurrent environmental reviews and per-mitting decisions required for the proposed project; 
‘‘(2) achieve early concurrence or issue res-
olution during the NEPA scoping process on the Department of Transportation’s state-ment of a project’s purpose and need, and during development of the environmental impact statement on the range of alter-natives for analysis, that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction will rely on for concurrent environmental reviews and per-mitting decisions required for the proposed project absent circumstances that require re-consideration in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s obligations under a statute or Executive order; and 
‘‘(3) achieve concurrence or issue resolu-
tion in an expedited manner if circumstances arise that require a reconsideration of the purpose and need or range of alternatives 
considered during any Federal agency’s envi-ronmental or permitting review in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s obligations under a statute or Executive order. 
‘‘(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation and Federal agencies of jurisdiction likely to have sub-stantive review or approval responsibilities on transportation projects shall jointly de-velop a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cultural, and his-toric resources in the area of a proposed project. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the check-
list shall be to— 
‘‘(A) identify agencies of jurisdiction and 
cooperating agencies; 
‘‘(B) develop the information needed for 
the purpose and need and alternatives for analysis; and 
‘‘(C) improve interagency collaboration to 
help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction. 
‘‘(d) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with Federal 
environmental statutes, the Secretary shall facilitate annual interagency collaboration sessions at the appropriate jurisdictional level to coordinate business plans and facili-tate coordination of workload planning and workforce management. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE OF COLLABORATION SES -
SIONS .—The interagency collaboration ses-
sions shall ensure that agency staff is— 
‘‘(A) fully engaged; ‘‘(B) utilizing the flexibility of existing 
regulations, policies, and guidance; and 
‘‘(C) identifying additional actions to fa-
cilitate high quality, efficient, and targeted environmental reviews and permitting deci-sions. 
‘‘(3) F
OCUS OF COLLABORATION SESSIONS .— 
The interagency collaboration sessions, and the interagency collaborations generated by the sessions, shall focus on methods to— 
‘‘(A) work with State and local transpor-
tation entities to improve project planning, siting, and application quality; and 
‘‘(B) consult and coordinate with relevant 
stakeholders and Federal, tribal, State, and local representatives early in permitting processes. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in coordina-tion with relevant Federal agencies, shall es-
tablish a program to measure and report on progress towards aligning Federal reviews as outlined in this section.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 309 the following: 
‘‘310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views.’’. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 1401. TOLLING; HOV FACILITIES; INTER-
STATE RECONSTRUCTION AND RE-HABILITATION. 
(a) T OLLING .—Section 129(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘, 
bridge, or tunnel’’ each place it appears; 
(B) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘, 
bridge, or tunnel’’ each place it appears; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (G); (D) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) and 
(I) as subparagraphs (G) and (H); and 
(E) in subparagraph (G) as redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘(HOV)’’ after ‘‘high occu-
pancy vehicle’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘under section 166 of this 
title’’ after ‘‘facility’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall use’’ and inserting 
‘‘shall ensure that’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘are used’’ after ‘‘toll fa-
cility’’ the second place it appears; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (4) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (5) through (10) as para-graphs (4) through (9), respectively. 
(b) HOV F
ACILITIES .—Section 166 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking the paragraph heading and 
inserting ‘‘
AUTHORITY OF PUBLIC AUTHORI -
TIES’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘State agency’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘public authority’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘State agency’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘public authority’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (A); 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(C) provides equal access for all public 
transportation vehicles and over-the-road buses.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2021’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
301, tolls may be charged under paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (b), subject to the re-quirements of section 129.’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-
nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION FROM TOLLS .—In levying 
tolls on a facility under this section, a public authority may designate classes of vehicles that are exempt from the tolls or charge dif-ferent toll rates for different classes of vehi-cles, if equal rates are charged for all public transportation vehicles and over-the-road buses, whether publicly or privately owned.’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘State agency’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘public authority’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and 
(E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) C
ONSULTATION OF MPO .—If the facility 
is on the Interstate System and located in a metropolitan planning area established in accordance with section 134, consulting with the metropolitan planning organization for the area concerning the placement and amount of tolls on the facility.’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘State’’ the first place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘public authority’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subparagraph (E)’’; and 
(5) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (4)(B)(iii) by striking 
‘‘State agency’’ and inserting ‘‘public au-thority’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
after paragraph (4) the following: 
‘‘(5) O
VER-THE-ROAD BUS .—The term ‘over- 
the-road bus’ means a vehicle as defined in section 301(5) of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12181(5)). 
‘‘(6) P
UBLIC AUTHORITY .—The term ‘public 
authority’ as used with respect to a HOV fa-cility, means a State, interstate compact of States, public entity designated by a State, or local government having jurisdiction over the operation of the facility.’’. 
(c) I
NTERSTATE SYSTEM RECONSTRUCTION  
AND REHABILITATION PILOT PROGRAM .—Sec-
tion 1216(b) of the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (E) by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) the State has approved enabling legis-
lation required for the project to proceed.’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through 
(8) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT COMPLE -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) G ENERAL TERM FOR EXPIRATION OF  
PROVISIONAL APPLICATION .—An application 
provisionally approved by the Secretary under this subsection shall expire 3 years after the date on which the application was provisionally approved if the State has not— 
‘‘(i) submitted a complete application to 
the Secretary that fully satisfies the eligi-bility criteria under paragraph (3) and the selection criteria under paragraph (4); 
‘‘(ii) completed the environmental review 
and permitting process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the pilot project; and 
‘‘(iii) executed a toll agreement with the 
Secretary. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS TO EXPIRATION .—Notwith-
standing subparagraph (A), the Secretary may extend the provisional approval for not more than 1 additional year if the State demonstrates material progress toward im-plementation of the project as evidenced by— 
‘‘(i) substantial progress in completing the 
environmental review and permitting proc-ess for the pilot project under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969; 
‘‘(ii) funding and financing commitments 
for the pilot project; 
‘‘(iii) expressions of support for the pilot 
project from State and local governments, community interests, and the public; and 
‘‘(iv) submission of a facility management 
plan pursuant to paragraph (3)(D). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7537 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(C) C ONDITIONS FOR PREVIOUSLY PROVISION -
ALLY APPROVED APPLICATIONS .—A State with 
a provisionally approved application for a pilot project as of the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015 shall have 1 year after such date of enactment to meet the re-quirements of subparagraph (A) or receive an extension from the Secretary under subpara-graph (B), or the application will expire. 
‘‘(7) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘provisional approval’ or ‘provisionally approved’ means the approval by the Sec-retary of a partial application under this subsection, including the reservation of a slot in the pilot program.’’. 
(d) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS .—The Sec-
retary may approve an application sub-mitted under section 1604(c) of SAFETEA– LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1253) if the application, or any part of the application, was submitted before the deadline specified in section 1604(c)(8) of that Act. 
SEC. 1402. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FUNDS 
FOR AUTOMATED TRAFFIC EN-FORCEMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), for fiscal years 2016 through 2021, funds apportioned to a State under sec-tion 104(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, may not be used to purchase, operate, or maintain an automated traffic enforcement system. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) does not 
apply to an automated traffic enforcement system located in a school zone. 
(c) A
UTOMATED TRAFFIC ENFORCEMENT SYS-
TEM DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘automated traffic enforcement system’’ means any camera that captures an image of a vehicle for the purposes of traffic law en-forcement. 
SEC. 1403. MINIMUM PENALTIES FOR REPEAT OF-
FENDERS FOR DRIVING WHILE IN-TOXICATED OR DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 164(a)(4) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by inserting ‘‘, or a combination of State laws,’’ after ‘‘a State law’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) receive, for not less than 1 year— ‘‘(i) a suspension of all driving privileges; ‘‘(ii) a restriction on driving privileges 
that limits the individual to operating only motor vehicles with an ignition interlock system installed (allowing for limited excep-tions for circumstances when the individual is required to operate an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employ-ment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the in-dividual); or 
‘‘(iii) a combination of both clauses (i) and 
(ii);’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal years beginning after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 1404. HIGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANS-
PARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (g) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANSPARENCY  
ANDACCOUNTABILITY REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPILATION OF DATA .—The Secretary 
shall compile data in accordance with this subsection on the use of Federal-aid highway funds made available under this title. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the reports required under this subsection are made available in a user- friendly manner on the public Internet Web site of the Department and can be searched and downloaded by users of the Web site. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) A PPORTIONED AND ALLOCATED PRO -
GRAMS .—On a semiannual basis, the Sec-
retary shall make available a report on fund-ing apportioned and allocated to the States under this title that describes— 
‘‘(i) the amount of funding obligated by 
each State, year-to-date, for the current fis-cal year; 
‘‘(ii) the amount of funds remaining avail-
able for obligation by each State; 
‘‘(iii) changes in the obligated, unexpended 
balance for each State, year-to-date, during the current fiscal year, including the obli-gated, unexpended balance at the end of the preceding fiscal year and current fiscal year expenditures; 
‘‘(iv) the amount and program category of 
unobligated funding, year-to-date, available for expenditure at the discretion of the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(v) the rates of obligation on and off the 
National Highway System, year-to-date, for the current fiscal year of funds apportioned, allocated, or set aside under this section, ac-cording to— 
‘‘(I) program; ‘‘(II) funding category or subcategory; ‘‘(III) type of improvement; ‘‘(IV) State; and ‘‘(V) sub-State geographical area, includ-
ing urbanized and rural areas, on the basis of the population of each such area; and 
‘‘(vi) the amount of funds transferred by 
each State, year-to-date, for the current fis-cal year between programs under section 126. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECT DATA .—On an annual basis, 
the Secretary shall make available a report that, to the maximum extent possible, pro-vides project-specific data describing— 
‘‘(i) for all projects funded under this title 
(excluding projects for which funds are transferred to agencies other than the Fed-eral Highway Administration)— 
‘‘(I) the specific location of the project; ‘‘(II) the total cost of the project; ‘‘(III) the amount of Federal funding obli-
gated for the project; 
‘‘(IV) the program or programs from which 
Federal funds have been obligated for the project; 
‘‘(V) the type of improvement being made; 
and 
‘‘(VI) the ownership of the highway or 
bridge; and 
‘‘(ii) for any project funded under this title 
(excluding projects for which funds are transferred to agencies other than the Fed-eral Highway Administration) with an esti-mated total cost as of the start of construc-tion in excess of $100,000,000, the data speci-fied under clause (i) and additional data de-scribing— 
‘‘(I) whether the project is located in an 
area of the State with a population of— 
‘‘(aa) less than 5,000 individuals; ‘‘(bb) 5,000 or more individuals but less 
than 50,000 individuals; 
‘‘(cc) 50,000 or more individuals but less 
than 200,000 individuals; or 
‘‘(dd) 200,000 or more individuals; ‘‘(II) the estimated cost of the project as of 
the start of project construction, or the re-vised cost estimate based on a description of revisions to the scope of work or other fac-tors affecting project cost other than cost overruns; and 
‘‘(III) the amount of non-Federal funds ob-
ligated for the project.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1503 
of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 1405. HIGH PRIORITY CORRIDORS ON NA-
TIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF HIGHPRIORITY COR-
RIDORS ON NATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—Sec-tion 1105(c) of the Intermodal Surface Trans-
portation Efficiency Act of 1991 is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (13) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(13) Raleigh-Norfolk Corridor from Ra-
leigh, North Carolina, through Rocky Mount, Williamston, and Elizabeth City, North Carolina, to Norfolk, Virginia.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (18)(D)— (A) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (iii) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) include Texas State Highway 44 from 
United States Route 59 at Freer, Texas, to Texas State Highway 358.’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (68) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(68) The Washoe County Corridor and the 
Intermountain West Corridor, which shall generally follow— 
‘‘(A) for the Washoe County Corridor, 
along Interstate Route 580/United States Route 95/United States Route 95A from Reno, Nevada, to Las Vegas, Nevada; and 
‘‘(B) for the Intermountain West Corridor, 
from the vicinity of Las Vegas, Nevada, north along United States Route 95 termi-nating at Interstate Route 80.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(81) United States Route 117/Interstate 
Route 795 from United States Route 70 in Goldsboro, Wayne County, North Carolina, to Interstate Route 40 west of Faison, Samp-son County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(82) United States Route 70 from its inter-
section with Interstate Route 40 in Garner, Wake County, North Carolina, to the Port at Morehead City, Carteret County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(83) The Sonoran Corridor along State 
Route 410 connecting Interstate Route 19 and Interstate Route 10 south of the Tucson International Airport. 
‘‘(84) The Central Texas Corridor com-
mencing at the logical terminus of Inter-state Route 10, generally following portions of United States Route 190 eastward, passing in the vicinity Fort Hood, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Bryan, College Station, Huntsville, Livingston, and Woodville, to the logical ter-minus of Texas Highway 63 at the Sabine River Bridge at Burrs Crossing. 
‘‘(85) Interstate Route 81 in New York from 
its intersection with Interstate Route 86 to the United States-Canadian border.’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN ROUTE SEGMENTS  
ON INTERSTATE SYSTEM .—Section 
1105(e)(5)(A) of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(13),’’ after 
‘‘subsection (c)(9),’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘subsections (c)(18)’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘subsection (c)(36)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(18), subsection (c)(20), subparagraphs (A) and (B)(i) of sub-section (c)(26), subsection (c)(36)’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(57)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(57), subsection (c)(68)(B), subsection (c)(81), subsection (c)(82), and subsection (c)(83)’’. 
(c) D
ESIGNATION .—Section 1105(e)(5)(C)(i) of 
the Intermodal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 is amended by striking the final sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The routes referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26) and in sub-section (c)(68)(B) are designated as Interstate Route I–11.’’. 
(d) F
UTURE INTERSTATE DESIGNATION .—Sec-
tion 119(a) of the SAFETEA–LU Technical Corrections Act of 2008 is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and, as a future Interstate Route 66 Spur, the Natcher Parkway in Owensboro, Kentucky’’ and inserting ‘‘between Hender-son, Kentucky, and Owensboro, Kentucky, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7538 November 3, 2015 
and, as a future Interstate Route 65 and 66 
Spur, the William H. Natcher Parkway be-tween Bowling Green, Kentucky, and Owensboro, Kentucky’’. 
SEC. 1406. FLEXIBILITY FOR PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—With respect to projects 
eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, subject to subsection (b) and on request by a State, the Secretary may— 
(1) exercise all existing flexibilities under 
and exceptions to— 
(A) the requirements of title 23, United 
States Code; and 
(B) other requirements administered by 
the Secretary, in whole or part; and 
(2) otherwise provide additional flexibility 
or expedited processing with respect to the requirements described in paragraph (1). 
(b) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIONS .—Nothing in 
this section— 
(1) waives the requirements of section 113 
or 138 of title 23, United States Code; 
(2) supersedes, amends, or modifies— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other Federal environmental law; or 
(B) any requirement of title 23 or title 49, 
United States Code; or 
(3) affects the responsibility of any Federal 
officer to comply with or enforce any law or requirement described in this subsection. 
SEC. 1407. PRODUCTIVE AND TIMELY EXPENDI-
TURE OF FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop guidance that en-courages the use of programmatic ap-proaches to project delivery, expedited and prudent procurement techniques, and other best practices to facilitate productive, effec-tive, and timely expenditure of funds for projects eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall 
work with States to ensure that any guid-ance developed under subsection (a) is con-sistently implemented by States and the Federal Highway Administration to— 
(1) avoid unnecessary delays in completing 
projects; 
(2) minimize cost overruns; and (3) ensure the effective use of Federal fund-
ing. 
SEC. 1408. CONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS. 
Section 1519(a) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 574) is 
amended by striking ‘‘From administrative funds’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be made available’’ and inserting ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, before making an apportionment under section 104(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall set aside, from amounts made available to carry out the highway safety improve-ment program under section 148 of such title for the fiscal year, $3,500,000’’. 
SEC. 1409. FEDERAL SHARE PAYABLE. 
(a) I NNOVATIVE PROJECT DELIVERY METH-
ODS.—Section 120(c)(3)(A)(ii) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘engineering or design approaches,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’. 
(b) E
MERGENCY RELIEF .—Section 120(e)(2) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Federal land access transportation facilities,’’ and inserting ‘‘other federally owned roads that are open to public travel,’’. 
SEC. 1410. ELIMINATION OR MODIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) F UNDAMENTAL PROPERTIES OF ASPHALTS  
REPORT .—Section 6016(e) of the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2183) is repealed. 
(b) E
XPRESS LANES DEMONSTRATION PRO-
GRAM REPORTS .—Section 1604(b)(7)(B) of 
SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note) is re-pealed. SEC. 1411. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 23.—Title 23, United States Code, 
is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 150(c)(3)(B) is amended by strik-
ing the semicolon at the end and inserting a period. 
(2) Section 154(c) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘trans-
ferred’’ and inserting ‘‘reserved’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by inserting ‘‘or released’’ after ‘‘trans-ferred’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘under 
section 104(b)(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sec-tion 104(b)(1)’’. 
(3) Section 164(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘trans-
ferred’’ and inserting ‘‘reserved’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5) by inserting ‘‘or re-
leased’’ after ‘‘transferred’’. 
(b) MAP–21.—Effective as of July 6, 2012, 
and as if included therein as enacted, MAP– 21 (Public Law 112–141) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 1109(a)(2) (126 Stat. 444) is 
amended by striking ‘‘fourth’’ and inserting ‘‘fifth’’. 
(2) Section 1203 (126 Stat. 524) is amended— (A) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘Section 
150 of title 23, United States Code, is amend-ed to read as follows’’ and inserting ‘‘Title 23, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after section 149 the following’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘by strik-
ing the item relating to section 150 and in-serting’’ and inserting ‘‘by inserting after the item relating to section 149’’. 
(3) Section 1313(a)(1) (126 Stat. 545) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) in the section heading by striking 
‘pilot’; and’’. 
(4) Section 1314(b) (126 Stat. 549) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘chapter 3 of’’ after ‘‘anal-
ysis for’’; and 
(B) by inserting a period at the end of the 
matter proposed to be inserted. 
(5) Section 1519(c) (126 Stat. 575) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (12) as paragraphs (3) through (11), respectively; 
(C) in paragraph (7), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph— 
(i) by striking the period at the end of the 
matter proposed to be struck; and 
(ii) by adding a period at the end; and (D) in paragraph (8)(A)(i)(I), as redesig-
nated by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, by striking ‘‘than rail’’ in the matter pro-posed to be struck and inserting ‘‘than on rail’’. 
(6) Section 1528 is amended— (A) in subsection (b) by inserting ‘‘(or a 
lower percentage if so requested by a State with respect to a project)’’ after ‘‘100 per-cent’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘(or a 
lower percentage if so requested by a State with respect to a project)’’ after ‘‘100 per-cent’’. 
SEC. 1412. SAFETY FOR USERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-
courage each State and metropolitan plan-ning organization to adopt standards for the design of Federal surface transportation projects that provide for the safe and ade-quate accommodation (as determined by the State) in all phases of project planning, de-velopment, and operation, of all users of the surface transportation network, including motorized and nonmotorized users. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall make available to the public a report cataloging examples of State law or State transportation policy that provides for 
the safe and adequate accommodation, in all phases of project planning, development, and operation of all users of the surface transpor-tation network. 
(c) B
ESTPRACTICES .—Based on the report 
required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall identify and disseminate examples of best practices where States have adopted measures that have successfully provided for the safe and adequate accommodation of all users of the transportation network in all phases of project development and operation. 
SEC. 1413. DESIGN STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 109 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘may take into account’’ 
and inserting ‘‘shall consider’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) cost savings by utilizing flexibility 
that exists in current design guidance and regulations; and’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) the publication entitled ‘Highway 
Safety Manual’ of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Offi-cials; 
‘‘(E) the publication entitled ‘Urban Street 
Design Guide’ of the National Association of City Transportation Officials; and’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f) by inserting ‘‘pedes-
trian walkways,’’ after ‘‘bikeways,’’. 
(b) D
ESIGN STANDARD FLEXIBILITY .—Not-
withstanding section 109(o) of title 23, United States Code, a State may allow a local juris-diction to use a roadway design publication that is different from the roadway design publication used by the State in which the local jurisdiction is located for the design of a project on a roadway under the ownership of the local jurisdiction (other than a high-way on the Interstate System) if— 
(1) the local jurisdiction is a direct recipi-
ent of Federal funds for the project; 
(2) the roadway design publication— (A) is recognized by the Federal Highway 
Administration; and 
(B) is adopted by the local jurisdiction; and (3) the design complies with all other ap-
plicable Federal laws. 
SEC. 1414. RESERVE FUND. 
(a) L IMITATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding funding, 
authorizations of appropriations, and con-tract authority described in sections 1101, 1102, 3017, 4001, 5101, and 6002 of this Act, in-cluding the amendments made by such sec-tions, sections 125 and 147 of title 23, United States Code, and section 5338(a) of title 49, United States Code, no funding, authoriza-tion of appropriations, and contract author-ity described in those sections for fiscal years 2019 through 2021 shall exist unless and only to the extent that a subsequent Act of Congress causes additional monies to be de-posited in the Highway Trust Fund. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—The limita-
tion on funds provided in paragraph (1) shall not apply to— 
(A) administrative expenses of the Federal 
Highway Administration under sections 104(a) and 608(a)(6) of title 23, United States Code; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7539 November 3, 2015 
(B) administrative expenses of the Na-
tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion under section 4001(a)(6) of this Act; 
(C) administrative expenses of the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration under section 5103 of this Act; and 
(D) administrative expenses of the Federal 
Transit Administration under section 5338(h) of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) A
DJUSTMENTS TO CONTRACT AUTHOR -
ITY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 104 the following: 
‘‘§ 105. Adjustments to contract authority 
‘‘(a) C
ALCULATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall in-
clude in each of the fiscal year 2017 through 2021 budget submissions to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, for each of the Highway Account and the Mass Transit Ac-count, a calculation of the difference be-tween— 
‘‘(A) the actual level of monies deposited 
in that account for the most recently com-pleted fiscal year; and 
‘‘(B) the estimated level of receipts for 
that account for the most recently com-pleted fiscal year, as specified in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) E
STIMATE .—The estimated level of re-
ceipts specified in this paragraph are— 
‘‘(A) for the Highway Account— ‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2015, $35,740,259,248; ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2016, $35,498,000,000; ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2017, $35,879,000,000; ‘‘(iv) for fiscal year 2018, $36,084,000,000; and ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2019, $36,117,000,000; and ‘‘(B) for the Mass Transit Account— ‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2015, $5,048,527,972; ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2016, $5,020,000,000; ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2017, $5,024,000,000; ‘‘(iv) for fiscal year 2018, $5,011,000,000; and ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2019, $4,981,000,000. ‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—For purposes 
of paragraph (1)(A), the term ‘actual level of monies deposited in that account’ shall not include funding of the Highway Trust Fund provided by section 2002 of Public Law 114–41. 
‘‘(b) A
DJUSTMENTS TO CONTRACT AUTHOR -
ITY.— 
‘‘(1) A DDITIONAL AMOUNTS .—If the dif-
ference determined in a budget submission under subsection (a) for a fiscal year for the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Ac-count is greater than zero, the Secretary shall on October 1 of the budget year of that submission— 
‘‘(A) make available for programs author-
ized from such account for the budget year a total amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) the amount otherwise authorized to be 
appropriated for such programs for such budget year; plus 
‘‘(ii) an amount equal to such difference; 
and 
‘‘(B) distribute the additional amount 
under subparagraph (A)(ii) to each of such programs in accordance with subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION .—If the difference deter-
mined in a budget submission under sub-section (a) for a fiscal year for the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Account is less than zero, the Secretary shall on October 1 of the budget year of that submission— 
‘‘(A) make available for programs author-
ized from such account for the budget year a total amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) the amount otherwise authorized to be 
appropriated for such programs for such budget year; minus 
‘‘(ii) an amount equal to such difference; 
and 
‘‘(B) apply the total adjustment under sub-
paragraph (A)(ii) to each of such programs in accordance with subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ADJUSTMENT AMONG  
PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In making an adjust-
ment for the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Account for a budget year under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) determine the ratio that— ‘‘(i) the amount authorized to be appro-
priated for a program from the account for the budget year; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount authorized to be ap-
propriated for such budget year for all pro-grams under such account; 
‘‘(B) multiply the ratio determined under 
subparagraph (A) by the applicable dif-ference calculated under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(C) adjust the amount that the Secretary 
would otherwise have allocated for the pro-gram for such budget year by the amount calculated under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(2) F
ORMULA PROGRAMS .—For a program 
for which funds are distributed by formula, the Secretary shall add or subtract the ad-justment to the amount authorized for the program but for this section and make avail-able the adjusted program amount for such program in accordance with such formula. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY FOR OBLIGATION .—Ad-
justed amounts under this subsection shall be available for obligation and administered in the same manner as other amounts made available for the program for which the amount is adjusted. 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF EMERGENCY RELIEF PRO-
GRAM AND COVERED ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—The Secretary shall exclude the 
emergency relief program under section 125 and covered administrative expenses from— 
‘‘(1) an adjustment of funding under sub-
section (c)(1); and 
‘‘(2) any calculation under subsection (b) or 
(c) related to such an adjustment. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated from the appropriate account or accounts of the Highway Trust Fund an amount equal to the amounts calculated under subsection (a) for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
‘‘(f) R
EVISION TO OBLIGATION LIMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary makes 
an adjustment under subsection (b) for a fis-cal year to an amount subject to a limita-tion on obligations imposed by section 1102 or 3017 of the Surface Transportation Reau-thorization and Reform Act of 2015— 
‘‘(A) such limitation on obligations for 
such fiscal year shall be revised by an amount equal to such adjustment; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary shall distribute such 
limitation on obligations, as revised under subparagraph (A), in accordance with such sections. 
‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF COVERED ADMINISTRATIVE  
EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall exclude cov-
ered administrative expenses from— 
‘‘(A) any calculation relating to a revision 
of a limitation on obligations under para-graph (1)(A); and 
‘‘(B) any distribution of a revised limita-
tion on obligations under paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) B UDGET YEAR .—The term ‘budget year’ 
means the fiscal year for which a budget sub-mission referenced in subsection (a)(1) is sub-mitted. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— 
The term ‘covered administrative expenses’ means the administrative expenses of— 
‘‘(A) the Federal Highway Administration, 
as authorized under section 104(a); 
‘‘(B) the National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration, as authorized under section 4001(a)(6) of the Surface Transportation Re-authorization and Reform Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(C) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration, as authorized under section 31110 of title 49. 
‘‘(3) H
IGHWAY ACCOUNT .—The term ‘High-
way Account’ means the portion of the High-way Trust Fund that is not the Mass Transit 
Account. 
‘‘(4) M ASS TRANSIT ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘Mass Transit Account’ means the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund established under section 9503(e)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104 the following: 
‘‘105. Adjustments to contract authority.’’. 
SEC. 1415. ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On July 1, 2018, of the un-
obligated balances of funds apportioned among the States under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, a total of $6,000,000,000 is permanently rescinded. 
(b) E
XCLUSIONS FROM RESCISSION .—The re-
scission under subsection (a) shall not apply to funds distributed in accordance with— 
(1) sections 104(b)(3) and 130(f) of title 23, 
United States Code; 
(2) sections 133(d)(1)(A) of such title; (3) the first sentence of section 133(d)(3)(A) 
of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141); 
(4) sections 133(d)(1) and 163 of such title, 
as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109– 59); and 
(5) section 104(b)(5) of such title, as in ef-
fect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141). 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION AMONG STATES .—The 
amount to be rescinded under this section from a State shall be determined by multi-plying the total amount of the rescission in subsection (a) by the ratio that— 
(1) the unobligated balances subject to the 
rescission as of September 30, 2017, for the State; bears to 
(2) the unobligated balances subject to the 
rescission as of September 30, 2017, for all States. 
(d) D
ISTRIBUTION WITHIN EACHSTATE .—The 
amount to be rescinded under this section from each program to which the rescission applies within a State shall be determined by multiplying the required rescission amount calculated under subsection (c) for such State by the ratio that— 
(1) the unobligated balance as of Sep-
tember 30, 2017, for such program in such State; bears to 
(2) the unobligated balances as of Sep-
tember 30, 2017, for all programs to which the rescission applies in such State. 
SEC. 1416. NATIONAL ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARG-
ING, HYDROGEN, AND NATURAL GAS FUELING CORRIDORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 150 the following: 
‘‘§ 151. National electric vehicle charging, hy-
drogen, and natural gas fueling corridors 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, the Secretary shall designate na-tional electric vehicle charging, hydrogen, and natural gas fueling corridors that iden-tify the near- and long-term need for, and lo-cation of, electric vehicle charging infra-structure, hydrogen infrastructure, and nat-ural gas fueling infrastructure at strategic locations along major national highways to improve the mobility of passenger and com-mercial vehicles that employ electric, hydro-gen fuel cell, and natural gas fueling tech-nologies across the United States. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF CORRIDORS .—In desig-
nating the corridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) solicit nominations from State and 
local officials for facilities to be included in the corridors; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7540 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(2) incorporate existing electric vehicle 
charging, hydrogen fueling stations, and nat-ural gas fueling corridors designated by a State or group of States; and 
‘‘(3) consider the demand for, and location 
of, existing electric vehicle charging, hydro-gen fueling stations, and natural gas fueling infrastructure. 
‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—In designating cor-
ridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall involve, on a voluntary basis, stake-holders that include— 
‘‘(1) the heads of other Federal agencies; ‘‘(2) State and local officials; ‘‘(3) representatives of— ‘‘(A) energy utilities; ‘‘(B) the electric, fuel cell electric, and 
natural gas vehicle industries; 
‘‘(C) the freight and shipping industry; ‘‘(D) clean technology firms; ‘‘(E) the hospitality industry; ‘‘(F) the restaurant industry; ‘‘(G) highway rest stop vendors; and ‘‘(H) industrial gas and hydrogen manufac-
turers; and 
‘‘(4) such other stakeholders as the Sec-
retary determines to be necessary. 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGNATION .—Not later than 5 
years after the date of establishment of the corridors under subsection (a), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update and redesignate the corridors. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—During designation and re-
designation of the corridors under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall issue a report that— 
‘‘(1) identifies electric vehicle charging, 
hydrogen infrastructure, and natural gas fueling infrastructure and standardization needs for electricity providers, industrial gas providers, natural gas providers, infrastruc-ture providers, vehicle manufacturers, elec-tricity purchasers, and natural gas pur-chasers; and 
‘‘(2) establishes an aspirational goal of 
achieving strategic deployment of electric vehicle charging, hydrogen infrastructure, and natural gas fueling infrastructure in those corridors by the end of fiscal year 2021.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 150 the following: 
‘‘151. National electric vehicle charging, hy-
drogen, and natural gas fueling corridors.’’. 
SEC. 1417. FERRIES. 
Section 147 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(h) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) withdraw amounts allocated to eligi-
ble entities under this section that remain unobligated by the end of the third fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and 
‘‘(2) in the fiscal year beginning after a fis-
cal year in which a withdrawal is made under paragraph (1), redistribute the funds withdrawn, in accordance with the formula specified under subsection (d), among eligi-ble entities with respect to which no amounts were withdrawn under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 1418. STUDY ON PERFORMANCE OF 
BRIDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), 
the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration shall commission the Trans-portation Research Board of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the performance of bridges that are at least 15 years old and received funding under the innovative bridge research and construction program (in this section referred to as the ‘‘program’’) under section 503(b) of title 23, 
United States Code (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of SAFETEA– LU (Public Law 109–59) in meeting the goals of that program, which included— 
(1) the development of new, cost-effective 
innovative material highway bridge applica-tions; 
(2) the reduction of maintenance costs and 
lifecycle costs of bridges, including the costs of new construction, replacement, or reha-bilitation of deficient bridges; 
(3) the development of construction tech-
niques to increase safety and reduce con-struction time and traffic congestion; 
(4) the development of engineering design 
criteria for innovative products and mate-rials for use in highway bridges and struc-tures; 
(5) the development of cost-effective and 
innovative techniques to separate vehicle and pedestrian traffic from railroad traffic; 
(6) the development of highway bridges and 
structures that will withstand natural disas-ters, including alternative processes for the seismic retrofit of bridges; and 
(7) the development of new nondestructive 
bridge evaluation technologies and tech-niques. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The study commissioned 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of the performance of 
bridges that received funding under the pro-gram in meeting the goals described in para-graphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a); 
(2) an analysis of the utility, compared to 
conventional materials and technologies, of each of the innovative materials and tech-nologies used in projects for bridges under the program in meeting the needs of the United States in 2015 and in the future for a sustainable and low lifecycle cost transpor-tation system; 
(3) recommendations to Congress on how 
the installed and lifecycle costs of bridges could be reduced through the use of innova-tive materials and technologies, including, as appropriate, any changes in the design and construction of bridges needed to maxi-mize the cost reductions; and 
(4) a summary of any additional research 
that may be needed to further evaluate inno-vative approaches to reducing the installed and lifecycle costs of highway bridges. 
(c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Before commis-
sioning the study under subsection (a), the Administrator shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the study proposal. 
(d) D
ATA FROM STATES .—Each State that 
received funds under the program shall pro-vide to the Transportation Research Board any relevant data needed to carry out the study commissioned under subsection (a). 
(e) D
EADLINE .—The Administrator shall 
submit to Congress a report on the results of the study commissioned under subsection (a) not later than 3 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 1419. RELINQUISHMENT OF PARK-AND-RIDE 
LOT FACILITIES. 
A State transportation agency may relin-
quish park-and-ride lot facilities or portions of park-and-ride lot facilities to a local gov-ernment agency for highway purposes if au-thorized to do so under State law if the agreement providing for the relinquishment provides that— 
(1) rights-of-way on the Interstate System 
will remain available for future highway im-provements; and 
(2) modifications to the facilities that 
could impair the highway or interfere with the free and safe flow of traffic are subject to the approval of the Secretary. 
SEC. 1420. PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may estab-
lish a pilot program that allows a State to utilize innovative approaches to maintain 
the right-of-way of Federal-aid highways within such State. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—A pilot program estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) terminate after not more than 6 years; (2) include not more than 5 States; and (3) be subject to guidelines published by 
the Secretary. 
(c) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary establishes a 
pilot program under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall, not more than 1 year after the completion of the pilot program, submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the results of the pilot program. 
SEC. 1421. INNOVATIVE PROJECT DELIVERY EX-
AMPLES. 
Section 120(c)(3)(B) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by redesignating clause (v) as clause 
(vi); and 
(3) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(v) innovative pavement materials that 
have a demonstrated life cycle of 75 or more years, are manufactured with reduced green-house gas emissions, and reduce construc-tion-related congestion by rapidly curing; or’’. 
SEC. 1422. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS TO EN-
COURAGE POLLINATOR HABITAT AND FORAGE ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing the enhancement of habitat and forage for pollinators)’’ before ‘‘adjacent’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TAT AND FORAGE DEVELOPMENT AND PROTEC -
TION ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS -OF-WAY.—In 
carrying out any program administered by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall, in conjunction with willing States, as appropriate— 
‘‘(1) encourage integrated vegetation man-
agement practices on roadsides and other transportation rights-of-way, including re-duced mowing; and 
‘‘(2) encourage the development of habitat 
and forage for Monarch butterflies, other na-tive pollinators, and honey bees through plantings of native forbs and grasses, includ-ing noninvasive, native milkweed species that can serve as migratory way stations for butterflies and facilitate migrations of other pollinators.’’. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF HABITAT , FORAGE , ANDMI-
GRATORY WAYSTATIONS FOR MONARCH BUT-
TERFLIES , OTHER NATIVE POLLINATORS , AND 
HONEY BEES.—Section 329(a)(1) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘provision of habitat, forage, and migratory way stations for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees,’’ before ‘‘and aesthetic enhancement’’. 
SEC. 1423. MILK PRODUCTS. 
Section 127(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(13) M
ILK PRODUCTS .—A vehicle carrying 
fluid milk products shall be considered a load that cannot be easily dismantled or di-vided.’’. 
SEC. 1424. INTERSTATE WEIGHT LIMITS FOR 
EMERGENCY VEHICLES. 
Section 127(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(14) E
MERGENCY VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—With respect to an 
emergency vehicle, the following weight lim-its shall apply in lieu of the maximum and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7541 November 3, 2015 
minimum weight limits specified in this sub-
section: 
‘‘(i) 24,000 pounds on a single steering axle. ‘‘(ii) 33,500 pounds on a single drive axle. ‘‘(iii) 62,000 pounds on a tandem axle. ‘‘(iv) A maximum gross vehicle weight of 
86,000 pounds. 
‘‘(B) E
MERGENCY VEHICLE DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘emergency vehicle’ means a vehicle designed— 
‘‘(i) to be used under emergency conditions 
to transport personnel and equipment; and 
‘‘(ii) to support the suppression of fires and 
mitigation of other hazardous situations.’’. 
SEC. 1425. VEHICLE WEIGHT LIMITATIONS— 
INTERSTATE SYSTEM. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(m) C
OVERED HEAVY -DUTY TOW AND RE-
COVERY VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The vehicle weight limi-
tations set forth in this section do not apply to a covered heavy-duty tow and recovery vehicle. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED HEAVY -DUTY TOW AND RECOV -
ERY VEHICLE DEFINED .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘covered heavy-duty tow and recov-ery vehicle’ means a vehicle that— 
‘‘(A) is transporting a disabled vehicle 
from the place where the vehicle became dis-abled to the nearest appropriate repair facil-ity; and 
‘‘(B) has a gross vehicle weight that is 
equal to or exceeds the gross vehicle weight of the disabled vehicle being transported.’’. 
SEC. 1426. NEW NATIONAL GOAL, PERFORMANCE 
MEASURE, AND PERFORMANCE TAR-GET. 
(a) N ATIONAL GOAL.—Section 150(b) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) I
NTEGRATED ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT .— 
To improve road conditions in economically distressed urban communities and increase access to jobs, markets, and economic oppor-tunities for people who live in such commu-nities.’’. 
(b) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURE .—Section 150(c) 
of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) I
NTEGRATED ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT .— 
The Secretary shall establish measures for States to use to assess the conditions, acces-sibility, and reliability of roads in economi-cally distressed urban communities.’’. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE TARGET .—Section 
150(d)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘and (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6), and (7)’’. 
SEC. 1427. SERVICE CLUB, CHARITABLE ASSOCIA-
TION, OR RELIGIOUS SERVICE SIGNS. 
Notwithstanding section 131 of title 23, 
United States Code, and part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), a State may allow the mainte-nance of a sign of a service club, charitable association, or religious service that was erected as of the date of enactment of this Act and the area of which is less than or equal to 32 square feet, if the State notifies the Federal Highway Administration. 
SEC. 1428. WORK ZONE AND GUARD RAIL SAFETY 
TRAINING. 
(a) I N GENERAL .—Section 1409 of 
SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 401 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking the section heading and in-
serting ‘‘
WORK ZONE AND GUARD RAIL SAFETY  
TRAINING ’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b) by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(4) Development, updating, and delivery 
of training courses on guard rail installa-tion, maintenance, and inspection.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to 
section 1409 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 1409. Work zone and guard rail safety 
training.’’. 
SEC. 1429. MOTORCYCLIST ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, and in consulta-tion with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate, shall appoint a Motorcyclist Advisory Council to coordinate with and advise the Adminis-trator on infrastructure issues of concern to motorcyclists, including— 
(1) barrier design; (2) road design, construction, and mainte-
nance practices; and 
(3) the architecture and implementation of 
intelligent transportation system tech-nologies. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Council shall con-
sist of not more than 10 members of the motorcycling community with professional expertise in national motorcyclist safety ad-vocacy, including— 
(1) at least— (A) 1 member recommended by a national 
motorcyclist association; 
(B) 1 member recommended by a national 
motorcycle riders foundation; 
(C) 1 representative of the National Asso-
ciation of State Motorcycle Safety Adminis-trators; 
(D) 2 members of State motorcyclists’ or-
ganizations; 
(E) 1 member recommended by a national 
organization that represents the builders of highway infrastructure; 
(F) 1 member recommended by a national 
association that represents the traffic safety systems industry; and 
(G) 1 member of a national safety organiza-
tion; and 
(2) at least 1, but not more than 2, motor-
cyclists who are traffic system design engi-neers or State transportation department of-ficials. 
SEC. 1430. HIGHWAY WORK ZONES. 
It is the sense of the House of Representa-
tives that the Federal Highway Administra-tion should— 
(1) do all within its power to protect work-
ers in highway work zones; and 
(2) move rapidly to finalize regulations, as 
directed in section 1405 of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 560), to protect the lives and safety of con-struction workers in highway work zones from vehicle intrusions. 
TITLE II—INNOVATIVE PROJECT FINANCE 
SEC. 2001. TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .— 
(1) M ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENT .—Section 
601(a)(10) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(10) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENT .—The 
term ‘master credit agreement’ means a con-ditional agreement to extend credit assist-ance for a program of related projects se-
cured by a common security pledge (which shall receive an investment grade rating from a rating agency prior to the Secretary entering into such master credit agreement) under section 602(b)(2)(A), or for a single project covered under section 602(b)(2)(B) that does not provide for a current obliga-tion of Federal funds, and that would— 
‘‘(A) make contingent commitments of 1 or 
more secured loans or other Federal credit instruments at future dates, subject to the availability of future funds being made available to carry out this chapter and sub-ject to the satisfaction of all the conditions for the provision of credit assistance under this chapter, including section 603(b)(1); ‘‘(B) establish the maximum amounts and 
general terms and conditions of the secured loans or other Federal credit instruments; 
‘‘(C) identify the 1 or more dedicated non- 
Federal revenue sources that will secure the repayment of the secured loans or secured Federal credit instruments; 
‘‘(D) provide for the obligation of funds for 
the secured loans or secured Federal credit instruments after all requirements have been met for the projects subject to the master credit agreement, including— 
‘‘(i) completion of an environmental im-
pact statement or similar analysis required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) compliance with such other require-
ments as are specified in this chapter, in-cluding sections 602(c) and 603(b)(1); and 
‘‘(iii) the availability of funds to carry out 
this chapter; and 
‘‘(E) require that contingent commitments 
result in a financial close and obligation of 
credit assistance not later than 3 years after the date of entry into the master credit agreement, or release of the commitment, unless otherwise extended by the Sec-retary.’’. 
(2) R
URAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT .—Sec-
tion 601(a)(15) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(15) R
URAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT .— 
The term ‘rural infrastructure project’ means a surface transportation infrastruc-ture project located outside of a Census-Bu-reau-defined urbanized area.’’. 
(b) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .—Section 
602(b)(2) of title 23, United States Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) P ROGRAM OF RELATED PROJECTS .—The 
Secretary may enter into a master credit agreement for a program of related projects secured by a common security pledge on terms acceptable to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) A
DEQUATE FUNDING NOT AVAILABLE .—If 
the Secretary fully obligates funding to eli-gible projects in a fiscal year, and adequate funding is not available to fund a credit in-strument, a project sponsor of an eligible project may elect to enter into a master credit agreement and wait to execute a cred-it instrument until the fiscal year during which additional funds are available to re-ceive credit assistance.’’. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COSTS.—Section 
602(a)(5) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘and 
(C)’’ after ‘‘(B)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) L
OCAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—El-
igible project costs shall be reasonably an-ticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000 in the case of a project or program of projects— 
‘‘(i) in which the applicant is a local gov-
ernment, public authority, or instrumen-tality of local government; 
‘‘(ii) located on a facility owned by a local 
government; or 
‘‘(iii) for which the Secretary determines 
that a local government is substantially in-volved in the development of the project.’’. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON REFINANCING OF INTERIM  
CONSTRUCTION FINANCING .—Section 603(a)(2) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON REFINANCING OF INTERIM  
CONSTRUCTION FINANCING .—A loan under 
paragraph (1) shall not refinance interim construction financing under paragraph (1)(B)— 
‘‘(A) if the maturity of such interim con-
struction financing is later than 1 year after the substantial completion of the project; and 
‘‘(B) later than 1 year after the date of sub-
stantial completion of the project.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7542 November 3, 2015 
(e) F UNDING .—Section 608(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘Be-
ginning in fiscal year 2014, on April 1 of each fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning in fis-cal year 2016, on August 1 of each fiscal year’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not 
carry out a redistribution under this para-graph— 
‘‘(i) for any fiscal year in which such redis-
tribution would adversely impact the receipt of credit assistance by a qualified project within such fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) if the budget authority determined to 
be necessary to cover all requests for credit assistance pending before the Department of Transportation on August 1 would reduce the uncommitted balance of funds below the threshold established in subparagraph (A).’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the 
amounts made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may use not more than $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, $5,150,000 for fiscal year 2017, $5,304,500 for fiscal year 2018, $5,463,500 for fiscal year 2019, $5,627,500 for fiscal year 2020, and $5,760,500 for fiscal year 2021 for the administration of this chap-ter.’’. 
SEC. 2002. STATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANK PRO-
GRAM. 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) 10 percent of the funds apportioned to 
the State for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 under each of sections 104(b)(1) and 104(b)(2); and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal 
years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘section 
133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133(d)(1)(A)(i)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (k) by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 2003. AVAILABILITY PAYMENT CONCESSION 
MODEL. 
(a) P AYMENT TO STATES FOR CONSTRUC -
TION.—Section 121(a) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding payments made pursuant to a long- term concession agreement, such as avail-ability payments)’’ after ‘‘a project’’. 
(b) P
ROJECT APPROVAL AND OVERSIGHT .— 
Section 106(b)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including payments made pursuant to a long-term con-cession agreement, such as availability pay-ments)’’ after ‘‘construction of the project’’. 
TITLE III—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 3001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal 
Public Transportation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 3002. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 5302 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C) by striking ‘‘land-
scaping and’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(24) V
ALUE CAPTURE .—The term ‘value 
capture’ means recovering the increased property value to property located near pub-lic transportation resulting from invest-ments in public transportation. 
‘‘(25) B
ASE-MODEL BUS .—The term ‘base- 
model bus’ means a heavy-duty public trans-portation bus manufactured to meet, but not 
exceed, transit-specific minimum perform-ance criteria developed by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 3003. METROPOLITAN AND STATEWIDE 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5303 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection 
of officials or representatives under para-graph (2) shall be determined by the metro-politan planning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organi-zation. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling 
statute of the metropolitan planning organi-zation, a representative of a provider of pub-lic transportation may also serve as a rep-resentative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An of-
ficial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have responsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensu-rate with other officials described in para-graph (2).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(4)(B) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)(3)(A) by inserting 
‘‘tourism, natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘economic development,’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (H) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; 
(6) in subsection (i)— 
(A) in paragraph (2)(A)(i) by striking 
‘‘transit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation facilities, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators, employer-based commuting pro-grams, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)(C)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(E)’’; 
(7) in subsection (k)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘(in-
cluding intercity bus operators, employer- based commuting programs, such as a car-pool program, vanpool program, transit ben-efit program, parking cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program), job access projects,’’ after ‘‘reduction’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONGESTION MANAGEMENT PLAN .—A 
metropolitan planning organization with a transportation management area may de-velop a plan that includes projects and strat-egies that will be considered in the TIP of such metropolitan planning organization. Such plan shall— ‘‘(i) develop regional goals to reduce vehi-
cle miles traveled during peak commuting hours and improve transportation connec-tions between areas with high job concentra-tion and areas with high concentrations of low-income households; 
‘‘(ii) identify existing public transpor-
tation services, employer-based commuter programs, and other existing transportation services that support access to jobs in the re-gion; and 
‘‘(iii) identify proposed projects and pro-
grams to reduce congestion and increase job access opportunities. 
‘‘(D) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a metropolitan planning organization shall consult with em-ployers, private and non-profit providers of public transportation, transportation man-agement organizations, and organizations that provide job access reverse commute projects or job-related services to low-in-come individuals.’’; 
(8) in subsection (l)— (A) by adding a period at the end of para-
graph (1); and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D) by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a popu-lation of 200,000 or less’’; and 
(9) in subsection (p) by striking ‘‘Funds set 
aside under section 104(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘Funds apportioned under section 104(b)(5)’’. 
(b) S
TATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN  
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING .—Section 5304 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B)(ii) by striking ‘‘ur-
banized’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘urban-
ized’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)(3)(A)(ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers,’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators, employer-based commuting pro-grams, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’. 
SEC. 3004. URBANIZED AREA FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(1) R
ECIPIENT DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘recipient’ means a designated re-cipient, State, or local governmental author-ity that receives a grant under this section directly from the Government.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated) by 
inserting ‘‘or general public demand response service’’ before ‘‘during’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION TO THE SPECIAL RULE .—Not-
withstanding paragraph (3), if a public trans-portation system described in such para-graph executes a written agreement with 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7543 November 3, 2015 
or more other public transportation systems 
to allocate funds under this subsection, other than by measuring vehicle revenue hours, each of the public transportation sys-tems to the agreement may follow the terms of such agreement without regard to the per-centages or the measured vehicle revenue hours referred to in such paragraph.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(K)(i) by striking ‘‘1 
percent’’ and inserting ‘‘one-half of 1 per-cent’’. 
SEC. 3005. FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL INVEST-
MENT GRANTS. 
Section 5309 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(6)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, 
small start projects,’’ after ‘‘new fixed guide-way capital projects’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) 2 or more projects that are any com-
bination of new fixed guideway capital projects, small start projects, and core ca-pacity improvement projects.’’; 
(2) in subsection (h)(6)— (A) by striking ‘‘In carrying out’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) O
PTIONAL EARLY RATING .—At the re-
quest of the project sponsor, the Secretary shall evaluate and rate the project in accord-ance with paragraphs (4) and (5) and subpara-graph (A) of this paragraph upon completion of the analysis required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; 
(3) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d) or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d), (e), or (h)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by inserting ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project or core capacity improvement’’ after ‘‘federally funded’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) the program of interrelated projects, 
when evaluated as a whole— 
‘‘(i) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2), subsection (e)(2), or paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (h), as applicable, if the pro-gram is comprised entirely of— 
‘‘(I) new fixed guideway capital projects; ‘‘(II) core capacity improvement projects; 
or 
‘‘(III) small start projects; or ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2) if the program is comprised of any combination of new fixed guideway projects, small start projects, and core capacity im-provement projects.’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (3)(A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—A project re-
ceiving a grant under this section that is part of a program of interrelated projects may not advance— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a small start project, 
from the project development phase to the construction phase unless the Secretary de-termines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable like-lihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a new fixed guideway 
capital project or a core capacity improve-ment project, from the project development phase to the engineering phase, or from the engineering phase to the construction phase, unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the pro-gram will continue to meet such require-
ments.’’; 
(4) in subsection (l)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Based on engineering 
studies, studies of economic feasibility, and information on the expected use of equip-ment or facilities, the Secretary shall esti-mate the net capital project cost. A grant for a new fixed guideway project shall not ex-ceed 50 percent of the net capital project cost. A grant for a core capacity project shall not exceed 80 percent of the net capital project cost of the incremental cost of in-creasing the capacity in the corridor. A grant for a small start project shall not ex-ceed 80 percent.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of 
the net project costs shall be provided— 
‘‘(A) in cash from non-Government sources 
other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
‘‘(B) from revenues from the sale of adver-
tising and concessions; 
‘‘(C) from an undistributed cash surplus, a 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital; or 
‘‘(D) from amounts appropriated or other-
wise made available to a department or agency of the Government (other than the Department of Transportation) that are eli-gible to be expended for transportation.’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (n) and redesig-
nating subsection (o) as subsection (n); and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(o) S
PECIAL RULE.—For the purposes of 
calculating the cost effectiveness of a project described in subsection (d) or (e), the Secretary shall not reduce or eliminate the capital costs of art and landscaping elements from the annualized capital cost calcula-tion.’’. 
SEC. 3006. FORMULA GRANTS FOR ENHANCED 
MOBILITY OF SENIORS AND INDIVID-UALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
Section 5310 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) B
ESTPRACTICES .—The Secretary shall 
collect from, review, and disseminate to pub-lic transit agencies innovative practices, program models, new service delivery op-tions, findings from activities under sub-section (h), and transit cooperative research program reports.’’. 
SEC. 3007. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
Section 5311(g)(3) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (F), respectively; 
(2) by inserting before subparagraph (C) (as 
so redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(A) may be provided in cash from non- 
Government sources other than revenues from providing public transportation serv-ices; 
‘‘(B) may be provided from revenues from 
the sale of advertising and concessions;’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (F) (as so redesignated) 
by inserting ‘‘, including all operating and capital costs of such service whether or not offset by revenue from such service,’’ after ‘‘the costs of a private operator for the un-subsidized segment of intercity bus service’’. 
SEC. 3008. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION INNOVA-
TION. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS .—Section 
5312 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking the section designation and 
heading and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 5312. Public transportation innovation’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (a) 
through (f) as subsections (b) through (g), re-spectively; 
(3) by inserting before subsection (b) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide assistance for projects and activities to advance innovative public transportation re-search and development in accordance with the requirements of this section.’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(5) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by striking clause 
(vi) and redesignating clause (vii) as clause (vi); 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘recipi-
ents’’ and inserting ‘‘participants’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by striking clause 
(ii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS FOR CER -
TAIN PROJECTS .—A grant for a project carried 
out under this paragraph shall be 80 percent of the net project cost of the project unless the grant recipient requests a lower grant percentage.’’; and 
(D) by striking subparagraph (G); (5) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘(f)’’ and all that follows 
before paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT ON RESEARCH .—Not 
later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall make avail-able to the public on the Web site of the De-partment of Transportation, a report that includes—’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a period; and 
(D) by striking paragraph (3); and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The amounts made avail-
able under section 5338(b) are available for a public transportation cooperative research program. 
‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENT GOVERNING BOARD .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish an independent governing board for the program under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The board shall 
recommend public transportation research, development, and technology transfer activi-ties the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) F
EDERAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
may make grants to, and enter into coopera-tive agreements with, the National Academy of Sciences to carry out activities under this subsection that the Secretary considers ap-propriate. 
‘‘(4) G
OVERNMENT ’S SHARE .—If there would 
be a clear and direct financial benefit to an entity under a grant or contract financed under this subsection, the Secretary shall es-tablish a Government share consistent with that benefit. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON APPLICABILITY .—Sub-
sections (f) and (g) shall not apply to activi-ties carried out under this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
5312 of such title (as amended by subsection (a) of this section) is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(2) in each of subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7544 November 3, 2015 
(4) in subsection (f)(2) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(4)’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL .—Section 5313 of such title, and 
the item relating to that section in the anal-ysis for chapter 53 of such title, are repealed. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5312 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5312. Public transportation innovation.’’. 
SEC. 3009. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND WORK-
FORCE DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5314 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5314. Technical assistance and workforce 
development 
‘‘(a) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STAND -
ARDS .— 
‘‘(1) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may 
make grants and enter into contracts, coop-erative agreements, and other agreements (including agreements with departments, agencies, and instrumentalities of the Gov-ernment) to carry out activities that the Secretary determines will assist recipients of assistance under this chapter to— 
‘‘(i) more effectively and efficiently pro-
vide public transportation service; 
‘‘(ii) administer funds received under this 
chapter in compliance with Federal law; and 
‘‘(iii) improve public transportation. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—The activities 
carried out under subparagraph (A) may in-clude— 
‘‘(i) technical assistance; and ‘‘(ii) the development of voluntary and 
consensus-based standards and best practices by the public transportation industry, in-cluding standards and best practices for safe-ty, fare collection, intelligent transportation systems, accessibility, procurement, secu-rity, asset management to maintain a state of good repair, operations, maintenance, ve-hicle propulsion, communications, and vehi-cle electronics. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary, through a competitive bid process, may enter into contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and other agreements with national nonprofit organizations that have the appro-priate demonstrated capacity to provide pub-lic-transportation-related technical assist-ance under this subsection. The Secretary may enter into such contracts, cooperative agreements, and other agreements to assist providers of public transportation to— 
‘‘(A) comply with the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) through technical assistance, demonstration programs, research, public education, and other activities related to complying with such Act; 
‘‘(B) comply with human services transpor-
tation coordination requirements and to en-hance the coordination of Federal resources for human services transportation with those of the Department of Transportation through technical assistance, training, and support services related to complying with such requirements; 
‘‘(C) meet the transportation needs of el-
derly individuals; 
‘‘(D) increase transit ridership in coordina-
tion with metropolitan planning organiza-tions and other entities through develop-ment around public transportation stations through technical assistance and the devel-opment of tools, guidance, and analysis re-lated to market-based development around transit stations; 
‘‘(E) address transportation equity with re-
gard to the effect that transportation plan-ning, investment, and operations have for low-income and minority individuals; ‘‘(F) facilitate best practices to promote 
bus driver safety; 
‘‘(G) meet the requirements of sections 
5323(j) and 5323(m); 
‘‘(H) assist with the development and de-
ployment of zero emission transit tech-nologies; and 
‘‘(I) any other technical assistance activity 
that the Secretary determines is necessary to advance the interests of public transpor-tation. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT ON TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—Not later than the first Monday in 
February of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) a description of each project that re-
ceived assistance under this subsection dur-ing the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) an evaluation of the activities carried 
out by each organization that received as-sistance under this subsection during the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(C) a proposal for allocations of amounts 
for assistance under this subsection for the subsequent fiscal year; and 
‘‘(D) measurable outcomes and impacts of 
the programs funded under subsections (b) and (c). 
‘‘(4) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Government share 
of the cost of an activity carried out using a grant under this subsection may not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The non- 
Government share of the cost of an activity carried out using a grant under this sub-section may be derived from in-kind con-tributions. 
‘‘(b) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may un-
dertake, or make grants and contracts for, programs that address human resource needs as they apply to public transportation ac-tivities. A program may include— 
‘‘(A) an employment training program; ‘‘(B) an outreach program to increase vet-
eran, minority, and female employment in 
public transportation activities; 
‘‘(C) research on public transportation per-
sonnel and training needs; 
‘‘(D) training and assistance for veteran 
and minority business opportunities; and 
‘‘(E) consensus-based national training 
standards and certifications in partnership with industry stakeholders. 
‘‘(2) I
NNOVATIVE PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION  
FRONTLINE WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a competitive grant program to as-sist the development of innovative activities eligible for assistance under subparagraph (1). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROGRAMS .—A program eligi-
ble for assistance under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(i) develop apprenticeships for transit 
maintenance and operations occupations, in-cluding hands-on, peer trainer, classroom and on-the-job training as well as training for instructors and on-the-job mentors; 
‘‘(ii) build local, regional, and statewide 
transit training partnerships in coordination with entities such as local employers, local public transportation operators, labor union organizations, workforce development boards, State workforce agencies, State ap-prenticeship agencies (where applicable), and community colleges and university transpor-tation centers, to identify and address work-force skill gaps and develop skills needed for delivering quality transit service and sup-
porting employee career advancement; 
‘‘(iii) provide improved capacity for safety, 
security, and emergency preparedness in local transit systems through— 
‘‘(I) developing the role of the frontline 
workforce in building and sustaining safety culture and safety systems in the industry and in individual public transportation sys-tems; 
‘‘(II) specific training, in coordination with 
the National Transit Institute, on security and emergency preparedness, including pro-tocols for coordinating with first responders and working with the broader community to address natural disasters or other threats to transit systems; and 
‘‘(III) training to address frontline worker 
roles in promoting health and safety for transit workers and the riding public, and improving communication during emer-
gencies between the frontline workforce and the riding public; 
‘‘(iv) address current or projected work-
force shortages by developing career path-way partnerships with high schools, commu-nity colleges, and other community organi-zations for recruiting and training underrep-resented populations, including minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, vet-erans, and low-income populations as suc-cessful transit employees who can develop careers in the transit industry; or 
‘‘(v) address youth unemployment by di-
recting the Secretary to award grants to local entities for work-based training and other work-related and educational strate-gies and activities of demonstrated effective-ness to provide unemployed, low-income young adults and low-income youth with skills that will lead to employment. 
‘‘(C) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—To the 
maximum extent feasible, the Secretary shall select recipients that— 
‘‘(i) are geographically diverse; ‘‘(ii) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of large public transportation providers; 
‘‘(iii) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of small public transportation providers; 
‘‘(iv) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of urban public transportation providers; 
‘‘(v) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of rural public transportation providers; 
‘‘(vi) advance training related to mainte-
nance of alternative energy, energy effi-ciency, or zero emission vehicles and facili-ties used in public transportation; 
‘‘(vii) target areas with high rates of unem-
ployment; 
‘‘(viii) address current or projected work-
force shortages in areas that require tech-nical expertise; and 
‘‘(ix) advance opportunities for minorities, 
women, veterans, individuals with disabil-ities, low-income populations, and other un-derserved populations. 
‘‘(D) P
ROGRAM OUTCOMES .—A recipient of 
assistance under this subsection shall dem-onstrate outcomes for any program that in-cludes skills training, on-the-job training, and work-based learning, including— 
‘‘(i) the impact on reducing public trans-
portation workforce shortages in the area served; 
‘‘(ii) the diversity of training participants; 
and 
‘‘(iii) the number of participants obtaining 
certifications or credentials required for spe-cific types of employment. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT ’S SHARE OF COSTS .—The 
Government share of the cost of a project carried out using a grant under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be 50 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7545 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(4) U SE FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary may use not more than 1 percent of amounts made available to carry out this section to provide technical assistance for activities and programs developed, con-ducted, and overseen under paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL TRANSIT INSTITUTE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish a national transit institute and award grants to a public, 4-year institution of higher education, as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)), in order to carry out the du-ties of the institute. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In cooperation with the 
Federal Transit Administration, State trans-portation departments, public transpor-tation authorities, and national and inter-national entities, the institute established under paragraph (1) shall develop and con-duct training and educational programs for Federal, State, and local transportation em-ployees, United States citizens, and foreign nationals engaged or to be engaged in Gov-ernment-aid public transportation work. 
‘‘(B) T
RAINING AND EDUCATIONAL PRO -
GRAMS .—The training and educational pro-
grams developed under subparagraph (A) may include courses in recent developments, techniques, and procedures related to— 
‘‘(i) intermodal and public transportation 
planning; 
‘‘(ii) management; ‘‘(iii) environmental factors; ‘‘(iv) acquisition and joint-use rights-of- 
way; 
‘‘(v) engineering and architectural design; ‘‘(vi) procurement strategies for public 
transportation systems; 
‘‘(vii) turnkey approaches to delivering 
public transportation systems; 
‘‘(viii) new technologies; ‘‘(ix) emission reduction technologies; ‘‘(x) ways to make public transportation 
accessible to individuals with disabilities; 
‘‘(xi) construction, construction manage-
ment, insurance, and risk management; 
‘‘(xii) maintenance; ‘‘(xiii) contract administration; ‘‘(xiv) inspection; ‘‘(xv) innovative finance; ‘‘(xvi) workplace safety; and ‘‘(xvii) public transportation security. ‘‘(3) P
ROVIDING EDUCATION AND TRAINING .— 
Education and training of Government, State, and local transportation employees under this subsection shall be provided— 
‘‘(A) by the Secretary at no cost to the 
States and local governments for subjects that are a Government program responsi-bility; or 
‘‘(B) when the education and training are 
paid under paragraph (4), by the State, with the approval of the Secretary, through grants and contracts with public and private agencies, other institutions, individuals, and the institute. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Not more 
than 0.5 percent of the amounts made avail-able for a fiscal year beginning after Sep-tember 30, 1991, to a State or public transpor-tation authority in the State to carry out sections 5307 and 5309 is available for expend-iture by the State and public transportation authorities in the State, with the approval of the Secretary, to pay not more than 80 per-cent of the cost of tuition and direct edu-cational expenses related to educating and training State and local transportation em-ployees under this subsection.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL .—Section 5322 of such title, and 
the item relating to that section in the anal-ysis for chapter 53 of such title, are repealed. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5314 and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘5314. Technical assistance and workforce 
development.’’. 
SEC. 3010. BICYCLE FACILITIES. 
Section 5319 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘90 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘80 percent’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘95 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘80 percent’’. 
SEC. 3011. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Section 5323 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) pay incremental costs of incorporating 
art or landscaping into facilities, including the costs of an artist on the design team; or’’; 
(2) in subsection (i) by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(3) A
CQUISITION OF BASE -MODEL BUSES .—A 
grant for the acquisition of a base-model bus for use in public transportation may be not more than 85 percent of the net project cost.’’; 
(3) in subsection (j)(2) by striking subpara-
graph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) when procuring rolling stock (includ-
ing train control, communication, and trac-tion power equipment) under this chapter— 
‘‘(i) the cost of components and subcompo-
nents produced in the United States— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, is more 
than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, is more 
than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal 
year thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(ii) final assembly of the rolling stock has 
occurred in the United States; or’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(s) V
ALUE CAPTURE REVENUE ELIGIBLE FOR  
LOCAL SHARE .—A recipient of assistance 
under this chapter may use the revenue gen-erated from value capture financing mecha-nisms as local matching funds for capital projects and operating costs eligible under this chapter. 
‘‘(t) S
PECIAL CONDITION ON CHARTER BUS 
TRANSPORTATION SERVICE .—If, in a fiscal 
year, the Secretary is prohibited by law from enforcing regulations related to charter bus service under part 604 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, for any transit agency that during fiscal year 2008 was both initially granted a 60-day period to come into compli-ance with such part 604, and then was subse-quently granted an exception from such part— 
‘‘(1) the transit agency shall be precluded 
from receiving its allocation of urbanized area formula grant funds for that fiscal year; and 
‘‘(2) any amounts withheld pursuant to 
paragraph (1) shall be added to the amount that the Secretary may apportion under sec-tion 5336 in the following fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 3012. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
PROGRAM. 
Section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) minimum safety standards to ensure 
the safe operation of public transportation systems that— 
‘‘(i) are not related to performance stand-
ards for public transportation vehicles devel-oped under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, take into 
consideration— 
‘‘(I) relevant recommendations of the Na-
tional Transportation Safety Board; 
‘‘(II) best practices standards developed by 
the public transportation industry; 
‘‘(III) any minimum safety standards or 
performance criteria being implemented across the public transportation industry; 
‘‘(IV) relevant recommendations from the 
report under section 3018 of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(V) any additional information that the 
Secretary determines necessary and appro-priate;’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) conduct inspections, investigations, 
audits, examinations, and testing of the equipment, facilities, rolling stock, and op-erations of the public transportation system of a recipient; 
‘‘(B) make reports and issue directives 
with respect to the safety of the public transportation system of a recipient or the public transportation industry generally; 
‘‘(C) in conjunction with an accident inves-
tigation or an investigation into a pattern or practice of conduct that negatively affects public safety, issue a subpoena to, and take the deposition of, any employee of a recipi-ent or a State safety oversight agency, if— 
‘‘(i) before the issuance of the subpoena, 
the Secretary requests a determination by the Attorney General as to whether the sub-poena will interfere with an ongoing crimi-nal investigation; and 
‘‘(ii) the Attorney General— ‘‘(I) determines that the subpoena will not 
interfere with an ongoing criminal investiga-tion; or 
‘‘(II) fails to make a determination under 
clause (i) before the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary makes a re-quest under clause (i); 
‘‘(D) require the production of documents 
by, and prescribe recordkeeping and report-ing requirements for, a recipient or a State safety oversight agency; 
‘‘(E) investigate public transportation ac-
cidents and incidents and provide guidance to recipients regarding prevention of acci-dents and incidents; 
‘‘(F) at reasonable times and in a reason-
able manner, enter and inspect relevant records of the public transportation system of a recipient; and 
‘‘(G) issue rules to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) A DMINISTRATION OF STATE SAFETY  
OVERSIGHT ACTIVITIES .—If the Secretary finds 
that a State safety oversight agency that oversees a rail fixed guideway system oper-ating in more than 2 States has become in-capable of providing adequate safety over-sight of such system, the Secretary may ad-minister State safety oversight activities for such rail fixed guideway system until the States develop a State safety oversight pro-gram certified by the Secretary in accord-ance with subsection (e). 
‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—To carry out administra-
tive and oversight activities authorized by this paragraph, the Secretary may use grant funds apportioned to an eligible State under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7546 November 3, 2015 
subsection (e)(6) to develop or carry out a 
State safety oversight program.’’; 
(3) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by striking ‘‘an eligible State, as defined in subsection (e),’’ and inserting ‘‘a recipi-ent’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) in subparagraph (D) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) withholding not more than 25 percent 
of financial assistance under section 5307.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘funds’’ the following: 
‘‘or withhold funds’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (1)(E)’’ after ‘‘para-
graph (1)(D)’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may only 
withhold funds in accordance with paragraph (1)(E), if enforcement actions under subpara-graph (A), (B), (C), or (D) did not bring the recipient into compliance.’’. 
SEC. 3013. APPORTIONMENTS. 
Section 5336 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘subsection (h)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)(5)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)(E) by striking ‘‘22.27 
percent’’ and inserting ‘‘27 percent’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (g) and redesig-
nating subsections (h), (i), and (j) as sub-sections (g), (h), and (i), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (j)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (i)’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) of amounts not apportioned under 
paragraphs (1) and (2)— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal years 2016 through 2018, 1.5 
percent shall be apportioned to urbanized areas with populations of less than 200,000 in accordance with subsection (h); and 
‘‘(B) for fiscal years 2019 through 2021, 2 
percent shall be apportioned to urbanized areas with populations of less than 200,000 in accordance with subsection (h);’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)(2)(A) (as so redesig-
nated) by striking ‘‘subsection (h)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (g)(3)’’; and 
(6) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated) by 
striking ‘‘subsection (h)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)(2)’’. 
SEC. 3014. STATE OF GOOD REPAIR GRANTS. 
Section 5337 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘on a facil-
ity with access for other high-occupancy ve-hicles’’ and inserting ‘‘on high-occupancy ve-hicle lanes during peak hours’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘vehicle’’ 
after ‘‘motorbus’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A recipient in an ur-
banized area may use any portion of the amount apportioned to the recipient under this subsection for high intensity fixed guideway state of good repair projects under subsection (c) if the recipient demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the high intensity motorbus public transpor-tation vehicles in the urbanized area are in a state of good repair.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this section shall be for 80 percent of the net project cost of the project. 
The recipient may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(2) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of 
the net project cost shall be provided— 
‘‘(A) in cash from non-Government sources 
other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
‘‘(B) from revenues derived from the sale of 
advertising and concessions; 
‘‘(C) from an undistributed cash surplus, a 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital; or 
‘‘(D) from amounts appropriated or other-
wise made available to a department or agency of the Government (other than the Department of Transportation) that are eli-gible to be expended for transportation.’’. 
SEC. 3015. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 5338 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5338. Authorizations 
‘‘(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the High-way Trust Fund to carry out sections 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5314(c), 5318, 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, and section 20005(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012— 
‘‘(A) $8,723,925,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $8,879,211,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $9,059,459,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $9,240,648,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $9,429,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $9,617,580,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) S ECTION 5305 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available to carry out section 5305— 
‘‘(i) $128,800,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $128,800,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $131,415,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $134,043,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $136,775,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $139,511,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(B) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—$10,000,000 for each 
of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, shall be available to carry out section 20005(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012; 
‘‘(C) S
ECTION 5307 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be allocated in accordance with section 5336 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307— 
‘‘(i) $4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $4,549,161,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $4,640,144,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $4,734,724,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $4,829,418,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(D) S
ECTION 5310 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available to provide financial assistance for services for the enhanced mobility of seniors and individuals with disabilities under sec-tion 5310— 
‘‘(i) $262,175,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $266,841,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $272,258,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $277,703,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $283,364,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $289,031,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(E) S
ECTION 5311 .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available to provide financial assistance for rural areas under section 5311— 
‘‘(I) $607,800,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(II) $607,800,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(III) $620,138,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(IV) $632,541,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(V) $645,434,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(VI) $658,343,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(ii) S
UBALLOCATION .—Of the amounts 
made available under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) there shall be available to carry out 
section 5311(c)(1) not less than $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021; and 
‘‘(II) there shall be available to carry out 
section 5311(c)(2) not less than $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(F) S
ECTION 5314 (c).—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available for the national transit institute under section 5314(c) $5,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(G) S
ECTION 5318 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be 
available for bus testing under section 5318 $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(H) S
ECTION 5335 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available to carry out section 5335 $3,850,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(I) S
ECTION 5337 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available to carry out section 5337— 
‘‘(i) $2,198,389,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $2,237,520,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $2,282,941,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $2,328,600,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $2,376,064,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $2,423,585,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(J) S
ECTION 5339 (c).—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available for bus and bus facilities programs under section 5339(c)— 
‘‘(i) $430,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $431,850,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $445,120,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $458,459,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $472,326,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $486,210,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(K) S
ECTION 5339 (d).—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be available for bus and bus facilities competi-tive grants under 5339(d)— 
‘‘(i) $90,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(ii) $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 
through 2021. 
‘‘(L) S
ECTION 5340 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), there shall be allocated in accordance with section 5340 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307 and rural areas under section 5311— 
‘‘(i) $525,900,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $525,900,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $536,576,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $547,307,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $558,463,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $569,632,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION AND DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5312— 
‘‘(1) $33,495,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $34,091,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $34,783,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $35,479,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $36,202,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $36,926,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , STANDARDS , 
AND WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5314— 
‘‘(1) $6,156,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $8,152,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $10,468,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $12,796,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $15,216,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $17,639,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(d) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5309— 
‘‘(1) $2,029,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $2,065,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $2,106,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $2,149,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $2,193,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $2,237,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7547 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out section 5334, $105,933,000 for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 5329 .—Of the amounts author-
ized to be appropriated under paragraph (1), not less than $4,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
‘‘(3) S
ECTION 5326 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (1), not less than $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5326. 
‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts 
made available by or appropriated under this section shall remain available for obligation for a period of 3 years after the last day of the fiscal year for which the funds are au-thorized. 
‘‘(g) G
RANTS AS CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS FINANCED FROM HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Ac-count of the Highway Trust Fund pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS FINANCED FROM GENERAL  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts appropriated in advance from the general 
fund of the Treasury pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Govern-ment to pay the Government share of the cost of the project only to the extent that amounts are appropriated for such purpose by an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(h) O
VERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made 
available to carry out this chapter for a fis-cal year, the Secretary may use not more than the following amounts for the activities described in paragraph (2): 
‘‘(A) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5305. 
‘‘(B) 0.75 percent of amounts made avail-
able to carry out section 5307. 
‘‘(C) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5309. 
‘‘(D) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 601 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4968). 
‘‘(E) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5310. 
‘‘(F) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5311. 
‘‘(G) 0.75 percent of amounts made avail-
able to carry out section 5337(c), of which not less than 0.25 percent shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
‘‘(H) 0.75 percent of amounts made avail-
able to carry out section 5339. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities described 
in this paragraph are as follows: 
‘‘(A) Activities to oversee the construction 
of a major capital project. 
‘‘(B) Activities to review and audit the 
safety and security, procurement, manage-ment, and financial compliance of a recipi-ent or subrecipient of funds under this chap-ter. 
‘‘(C) Activities to provide technical assist-
ance generally, and to provide technical as-sistance to correct deficiencies identified in compliance reviews and audits carried out under this section. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The 
Government shall pay the entire cost of car-rying out a contract under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS .— 
Funds made available under paragraph (1)(C) shall be available to the Secretary before al-locating the funds appropriated to carry out any project under a full funding grant agree-ment.’’. SEC. 3016. BUS AND BUS FACILITY GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5339 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5339. Bus and bus facility grants 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this section to assist eligible recipients described in subsection (b)(1) in financing capital projects— 
‘‘(1) to replace, rehabilitate, and purchase 
buses and related equipment; and 
‘‘(2) to construct bus-related facilities. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS AND SUBRECIPI -
ENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ECIPIENTS .—Eligible recipients under 
this section are designated recipients that operate fixed route bus service or that allo-cate funding to fixed route bus operators. 
‘‘(2) S
UBRECIPIENTS .—A designated recipi-
ent that receives a grant under this section may allocate amounts of the grant to sub-recipients that are public agencies or private nonprofit organizations engaged in public transportation. 
‘‘(c) F
ORMULA GRANT DISTRIBUTION OF  
FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds made available for 
making grants under this subsection shall be distributed as follows: 
‘‘(A) N
ATIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—$65,500,000 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be allocated to all States and terri-tories, with each State receiving $1,250,000, and each territory receiving $500,000, for each such fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION USING POPULATION AND  
SERVICE FACTORS .—The remainder of the 
funds not otherwise distributed under para-graph (1) shall be allocated pursuant to the formula set forth in section 5336 (other than subsection (b) of that section). 
‘‘(2) T
RANSFERS OF APPORTIONMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL  
DISTRIBUTION FUNDS .—The Governor of a 
State may transfer any part of the State’s apportionment under subparagraph (A) to supplement— 
‘‘(i) amounts apportioned to the State 
under section 5311(c); or 
‘‘(ii) amounts apportioned to urbanized 
areas under subsections (a) and (c) of section 5336. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR POPU -
LATION AND SERVICE FACTORS FUNDS .—The 
Governor of a State may expend in an urban-ized area with a population of less than 200,000 any amounts apportioned under para-graph (1)(B) that are not allocated to des-ignated recipients in urbanized areas with a population of 200,000 or more. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY TO RECIPI -
ENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made avail-
able under this subsection may be obligated by a recipient for 3 years after the fiscal year in which the amount is apportioned. 
‘‘(B) R
EAPPORTIONMENT OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—Not later than 30 days after the 
end of the 3-year period described in subpara-graph (A), any amount that is not obligated on the last day of that period shall be added to the amount that may be apportioned under this subsection in the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR COST -EFFECTIVE  
CAPITAL INVESTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2021, the Secretary shall carry out a pilot program under which an eligible designated recipient (as described in sub-section (c)(1)) in an urbanized area with pop-ulation of not less than 200,000 and not more than 999,999 may elect to participate in a State pool in accordance with this para-graph. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSE OF STATE POOLS .—The pur-
pose of a State pool shall be to allow for transfers of formula grant funds made avail-able under this subsection among the des-
ignated recipients participating in the State pool in a manner that supports the transit asset management plans of the designated recipients under section 5326. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUESTS FOR PARTICIPATION .—A 
State, and designated recipients in the State described in subparagraph (A), may submit to the Secretary a request for participation in the program under procedures to be estab-lished by the Secretary. A designated recipi-ent for a multistate area may participate in only 1 State pool. 
‘‘(D) A
LLOCATIONS TO PARTICIPATING  
STATES .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary 
shall allocate to each State participating in the program the total amount of funds that otherwise would be allocated to the urban-ized areas of the designated recipients par-ticipating in the State’s pool for that fiscal year pursuant to the formula referred to in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(E) A
LLOCATIONS TO DESIGNATED RECIPI -
ENTS IN STATE POOLS .—A State shall dis-
tribute the amount that is allocated to the State for a fiscal year under subparagraph (D) among the designated recipients partici-pating in the State’s pool in a manner that supports the transit asset management plans of the recipients under section 5326. 
‘‘(F) A
LLOCATION PLANS .—A State partici-
pating in the program shall develop an allo-cation plan for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to ensure that a designated re-cipient participating in the State’s pool re-ceives under the program an amount of funds that equals the amount of funds that would have otherwise been available to the des-ignated recipient for that period pursuant to the formula referred to in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(G) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall make 
grants under this subsection for a fiscal year to a designated recipient participating in a State pool following notification by the State of the allocation amount determined under subparagraph (E). 
‘‘(d) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS FOR BUSSTATE  
OFGOODREPAIR .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants under this subsection to eligible re-cipients described in subsection (b)(1) to as-sist in financing capital projects described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) G
RANT CONSIDERATIONS .—In making 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the age and condition of buses, bus fleets, related equipment, and bus-re-lated facilities of an eligible recipient. 
‘‘(3) S
TATEWIDE APPLICATIONS .—A State 
may submit a statewide application on be-half of a public agency or private nonprofit organization engaged in public transpor-tation in rural areas or other areas for which the State allocates funds. The submission of a statewide application shall not preclude the submission and consideration of any ap-plication under this subsection from other eligible recipients in an urbanized area in a State. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) disclose all metrics and evaluation 
procedures to be used in considering grant applications under this subsection upon issuance of the notice of funding availability in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(B) publish a summary of final scores for 
selected projects, metrics, and other evalua-tions used in awarding grants under this sub-section in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(5) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available for 2 fiscal 
years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) following the period of availability 
shall be made available to be apportioned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7548 November 3, 2015 
under subsection (c) for the following fiscal 
year. 
‘‘(6) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts made 
available under this subsection, not more than 15 percent in fiscal year 2016 and not more than 5 percent in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 may be awarded to a single recipient. 
‘‘(7) G
RANT FLEXIBILITY .—If the Secretary 
determines that there are not sufficient grant applications that meet the metrics de-scribed in paragraph (4)(A) to utilize the full amount of funds made available to carry out this subsection for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary may use the remainder of the funds for making apportionments under sections 5307 and 5311. 
‘‘(e) G
ENERALLY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT REQUIREMENTS .—A grant under 
this section shall be subject to the require-ments of— 
‘‘(A) section 5307 for recipients of grants 
made in urbanized areas; and 
‘‘(B) section 5311 for recipients of grants 
made in rural areas. 
‘‘(2) G
OVERNMENT ’S SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this section shall be for 80 percent of the net capital costs of the project. A recipient of a grant under this sec-tion may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(B) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of 
the net project cost shall be provided— 
‘‘(i) in cash from non-Government sources 
other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
‘‘(ii) from revenues derived from the sale of 
advertising and concessions; 
‘‘(iii) from an undistributed cash surplus, a 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital; or 
‘‘(iv) from amounts received under a serv-
ice agreement with a State or local social service agency or private social service orga-nization. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a 
State of the United States. 
‘‘(2) T ERRITORY .—The term ‘territory’ 
means the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Amer-ican Samoa, and the United States Virgin Is-lands.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5339 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5339. Bus and bus facility grants.’’. 
SEC. 3017. OBLIGATION CEILING. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the total of all obligations from amounts made available from the Mass Tran-sit Account of the Highway Trust Fund by subsection (a) of section 5338 of title 49, United States Code, shall not exceed— 
(1) $8,724,000,000 in fiscal year 2016; (2) $8,879,000,000 in fiscal year 2017; (3) $9,059,000,000 in fiscal year 2018; (4) $9,240,000,000 in fiscal year 2019; (5) $9,429,000,000 in fiscal year 2020; and (6) $9,618,000,000 in fiscal year 2021. 
SEC. 3018. INNOVATIVE PROCUREMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) C OOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT CONTRACT .— 
The term ‘‘cooperative procurement con-tract’’ means a contract— 
(A) entered into between a State govern-
ment and 1 or more vendors; and 
(B) under which the vendors agree to pro-
vide an option to purchase rolling stock and related equipment to multiple participants. 
(2) L
EAD PROCUREMENT AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘lead procurement agency’’ means a State government that acts in an administrative capacity on behalf of each participant in a 
cooperative procurement contract. 
(3) P
ARTICIPANT .—The term ‘‘participant’’ 
means a grantee that participates in a coop-erative procurement contract. 
(4) P
ARTICIPATE .—The term ‘‘participate’’ 
means to purchase rolling stock and related equipment under a cooperative procurement contract using assistance provided under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(5) G
RANTEE .—The term ‘‘grantee’’ means a 
recipient and subrecipient of assistance under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT .— 
(1) G ENERAL RULES .— 
(A) P ROCUREMENT NOT LIMITED TO INTRA -
STATE PARTICIPANTS .—A grantee may partici-
pate in a cooperative procurement contract without regard to whether the grantee is lo-cated in the same State as the parties to the contract. 
(B) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participa-
tion by grantees in a cooperative procure-ment contract shall be voluntary. 
(2) A
UTHORITY .—A State government may 
enter into a cooperative procurement con-tract with 1 or more vendors if the vendors agree to provide an option to purchase roll-ing stock and related equipment to the lead procurement agency and any other partici-pant. 
(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—In procuring rolling stock and re-
lated equipment under a cooperative pro-curement contract under this subsection, a lead procurement agency shall comply with the policies and procedures that apply to procurement by the State government when using non-Federal funds, to the extent that the policies and procedures are in conform-ance with applicable Federal law. 
(c) J
OINT PROCUREMENT CLEARINGHOUSE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a clearinghouse for the purpose of allow-ing grantees to aggregate planned rolling stock purchases and identify joint procure-ment participants. 
(2) I
NFORMATION ON PROCUREMENTS .—The 
clearinghouse may include information on bus size, engine type, floor type, and any other attributes necessary to identify joint procurement participants. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(A) A CCESS .—The clearinghouse shall only 
be accessible to the Federal Transit Admin-istration and grantees. 
(B) P
ARTICIPATION .—No grantees shall be 
required to submit procurement information to the database. 
SEC. 3019. REVIEW OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
SAFETY STANDARDS. 
(1) R EVIEW REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall begin a review of the safety standards and protocols used in public trans-portation systems in the United States that examines the efficacy of existing standards and protocols. 
(B) C
ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—In conducting 
the review under this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall review— 
(i) minimum safety performance standards 
developed by the public transportation in-dustry; 
(ii) safety performance standards, prac-
tices, or protocols in use by rail fixed guide-way public transportation systems, includ-ing— 
(I) written emergency plans and procedures 
for passenger evacuations; 
(II) training programs to ensure public 
transportation personnel compliance and readiness in emergency situations; 
(III) coordination plans approved by recipi-
ents with local emergency responders having jurisdiction over a rail fixed guideway public 
transportation system, including— 
(aa) emergency preparedness training, 
drills, and familiarization programs for the first responders; and 
(bb) the scheduling of regular field exer-
cises to ensure appropriate response and ef-fective radio and public safety communica-tions; 
(IV) maintenance, testing, and inspection 
programs to ensure the proper functioning of— 
(aa) tunnel, station, and vehicle ventila-
tion systems; 
(bb) signal and train control systems, 
track, mechanical systems, and other infra-structure; and 
(cc) other systems as necessary; (V) certification requirements for train 
and bus operators and control center em-ployees; 
(VI) consensus-based standards, practices, 
or protocols available to the public transpor-tation industry; and 
(VII) any other standards, practices, or 
protocols the Secretary determines appro-priate; and 
(iii) rail and bus safety standards, prac-
tices, or protocols in use by public transpor-tation systems, regarding— 
(I) rail and bus design and the workstation 
of rail and bus operators, as it relates to— 
(aa) the reduction of blindspots that con-
tribute to accidents involving pedestrians; and 
(bb) protecting rail and bus operators from 
the risk of assault; 
(II) scheduling fixed route rail and bus 
service with adequate time and access for op-erators to use restroom facilities; 
(III) fatigue management; and (IV) crash avoidance and worthiness. (2) E
VALUATION .—After conducting the re-
view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in consultation with representatives of the public transportation industry, evaluate the need to establish additional Federal min-imum public transportation safety stand-ards. 
(3) R
EPORT .—After completing the review 
and evaluation required under paragraphs (1) and (2), but not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available on a publicly accessible Web site, a report that includes— 
(A) findings based on the review conducted 
under paragraph (1); 
(B) the outcome of the evaluation con-
ducted under paragraph (2); 
(C) a comprehensive set of recommenda-
tions to improve the safety of the public transportation industry, including rec-ommendations for statutory changes if appli-cable; and 
(D) actions that the Secretary will take to 
address the recommendations provided under subparagraph (C), including, if necessary, the authorities under section 5329(b)(2)(D) of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 3020. STUDY ON EVIDENTIARY PROTECTION 
FOR PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY PROGRAM INFORMATION. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General shall 
complete a study to evaluate whether it is in the public interest, including public safety and the legal rights of persons injured in public transportation accidents, to withhold from discovery or admission into evidence in a Federal or State court proceeding any plan, report, data, or other information or portion thereof, submitted to, developed, produced, collected, or obtained by the Sec-retary or the Secretary’s representative for purposes of complying with the requirements under section 5329 of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, including information related to a recipient’s safety plan, safety risks, and mitigation measures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7549 November 3, 2015 
(b) I NPUT .—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall solicit input from the public transportation recipients, public transportation nonprofit employee labor organizations, and impacted members of the general public. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Comptroller General shall issue a report, with the findings of the study under sub-section (a), including any recommendations on statutory changes regarding evidentiary protections that will increase transit safety. 
SEC. 3021. MOBILITY OF SENIORS AND INDIVID-
UALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) A LLOCATED COST MODEL .—The term ‘‘al-
located cost model’’ means a method of de-termining the cost of trips by allocating the cost to each trip purpose served by a trans-portation provider in a manner that is pro-portional to the level of transportation serv-ice that the transportation provider delivers for each trip purpose, to the extent per-mitted by applicable Federal laws. 
(2) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means 
the Interagency Transportation Coordi-nating Council on Access and Mobility estab-lished under Executive Order 13330 (49 U.S.C. 101 note). 
(b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall publish a strategic plan for the Council that— 
(1) outlines the role and responsibilities of 
each Federal agency with respect to local transportation coordination, including non-emergency medical transportation; 
(2) identifies a strategy to strengthen 
interagency collaboration; 
(3) addresses any outstanding recommenda-
tions made by the Council in the 2005 Report to the President relating to the implementa-tion of Executive Order 13330, including— 
(A) a cost-sharing policy endorsed by the 
Council; and 
(B) recommendations to increase participa-
tion by recipients of Federal grants in lo-cally developed, coordinated planning proc-esses; 
(4) to the extent feasible, addresses rec-
ommendations by the Comptroller General of the United States concerning local coordi-nation of transportation services; 
(5) examines and proposes changes to Fed-
eral regulations that will eliminate Federal barriers to local transportation coordina-tion, including non-emergency medical transportation; and 
(6) recommends to Congress changes to 
Federal laws, except chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that will eliminate Fed-eral barriers to local transportation coordi-nation, including nonemergency medical transportation. 
(c) D
EVELOPMENT OF COST-SHARING POLICY  
INCOMPLIANCE WITHAPPLICABLE FEDERAL  
LAWS.—In establishing the cost-sharing pol-
icy required under subsection (b), the Coun-cil may consider, to the extent practicable— 
(1) the development of recommended strat-
egies for grantees of programs funded by members of the Council, including strategies for grantees of programs that fund non-emergency medical transportation, to use the cost-sharing policy in a manner that does not violate applicable Federal laws; and 
(2) incorporation of an allocated cost 
model to facilitate local coordination efforts that comply with applicable requirements of programs funded by members of the Council, such as— 
(A) eligibility requirements; (B) service delivery requirements; and (C) reimbursement requirements. SEC. 3022. IMPROVED TRANSIT SAFETY MEAS-
URES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 90 days 
after publication of the report required in section 3019, the Secretary shall issue a no-tice of proposed rulemaking on protecting transit operators from the risk of assault. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .—In the proposed rule-
making the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) different safety needs of drivers of dif-
ferent modes; 
(2) differences in operating environments; (3) the use of technology to mitigate driver 
assault risks; 
(4) existing experience, from both agencies 
and operators who already are using or test-ing driver assault mitigation infrastructure; and 
(5) the impact of the rule on future rolling 
stock procurements and vehicles currently in revenue service. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed as prohibiting the Secretary from issuing different comprehen-sive worker protections, including standards for mitigating assaults. 
SEC. 3023. PARATRANSIT SYSTEM UNDER FTA AP-
PROVED COORDINATED PLAN. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of part 
37.131(c) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, any paratransit system currently co-ordinating complementary paratransit serv-ice for more than 40 fixed route agencies shall be permitted to continue using an ex-isting tiered, distance-based coordinated paratransit fare system. 
TITLE IV—HIGHWAY SAFETY 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(1) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—For car-
rying out section 402 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $260,274,200 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $265,935,829 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $271,787,002 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $278,090,300 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $284,874,829 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $291,195,558 for fiscal year 2021. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—For carrying out section 403 of 
title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $115,951,600 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $118,398,179 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $121,665,968 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $124,926,616 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $128,187,201 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $131,455,975 for fiscal year 2021. (3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
For carrying out section 405 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $275,862,400 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $281,186,544 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $286,500,970 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $292,316,940 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $298,601,754 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $304,394,628 for fiscal year 2021. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—For the 
National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration to carry out chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code— 
(A) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (5) H
IGH-VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .—For carrying out section 404 of title 
23, United States Code— 
(A) $29,411,800 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $29,979,448 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $30,546,059 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $31,166,144 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $31,836,216 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $32,453,839 for fiscal year 2021. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—For admin-
istrative and related operating expenses of the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration in carrying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and this title— 
(A) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON OTHER USES.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, the amounts made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for a program under such chapters— 
(1) shall only be used to carry out such pro-
gram; and 
(2) may not be used by States or local gov-
ernments for construction purposes. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, amounts made avail-able under subsection (a) for fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available for obligation in the same manner as if such funds were ap-portioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
(d) S
TATE MATCHING REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
grant awarded under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, requires a State to share in the cost, the aggregate of all expenditures for highway safety activities made during a fiscal year by the State and its political sub-divisions (exclusive of Federal funds) for car-rying out the grant (other than planning and administration) that are in excess of the amount required under Federal law shall be available for the purpose of crediting the State during such fiscal year for the non- Federal share of the cost of any other project carried out under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code (other than planning or adminis-tration), without regard to whether such ex-penditures were made in connection with such project. 
(e) G
RANT APPLICATION AND DEADLINE .—To 
receive a grant under chapter 4 of title 23, 
United States Code, a State shall submit an application, and the Secretary shall estab-lish a single deadline for such applications to enable the award of grants early in the next fiscal year. 
SEC. 4002. HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
Section 402 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (vi) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (vii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(viii) to increase driver awareness of com-
mercial motor vehicles to prevent crashes and reduce injuries and fatalities;’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(4), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(C) S
URVEY .—A State shall expend funds 
apportioned to that State under this section to conduct a biennial survey that the Sec-retary shall make publicly available through the Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation that includes— 
‘‘(i) a list of automated traffic enforcement 
systems in the State; 
‘‘(ii) adequate data to measure the trans-
parency, accountability, and safety at-tributes of each automated traffic enforce-ment system; and 
‘‘(iii) a comparison of each automated traf-
fic enforcement system with— 
‘‘(I) Speed Enforcement Camera Systems 
Operational Guidelines (DOT HS 810 916, March 2008); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7550 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(II) Red Light Camera Systems Oper-
ational Guidelines (FHWA–SA–05–002, Janu-ary 2005).’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (g) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(g) R
ESTRICTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to authorize the appropria-tion or expenditure of funds for highway con-struction, maintenance, or design (other than design of safety features of highways to be incorporated into guidelines).’’; 
(4) in subsection (k)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) E
LECTRONIC SUBMISSION .—The Sec-
retary, in coordination with the Governors Highway Safety Association, shall develop procedures to allow States to submit high-way safety plans under this subsection, in-cluding any attachments to the plans, in electronic form.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (m)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) increase driver awareness of commer-
cial motor vehicles to prevent crashes and reduce injuries and fatalities; and’’. 
SEC. 4003. HIGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT. 
Section 403 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as 
subparagraph (G); 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) the installation of ignition interlocks 
in the United States; and’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (G), as so redesig-
nated, by striking ‘‘in subparagraphs (A) through (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘in subpara-graphs (A) through (F)’’; 
(2) in subsection (h) by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall obli-
gate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, from funds made available to carry out this section, except that the total obligated for the period covering fiscal years 2016 through 2021 may not exceed $32,000,000, to conduct the research described in paragraph (1).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON DRUG AND ALCOHOL SUR-
VEY DATA.—The Secretary shall establish 
procedures and guidelines to ensure that any person participating in a program or activity that collects data on drug or alcohol use by drivers of motor vehicles and is carried out under this section is informed that the pro-gram or activity is voluntary. 
‘‘(j) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of any project or activity carried out under this section may be not more than 100 percent.’’. 
SEC. 4004. HIGH-VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 404 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 404. High visibility enforcement program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator of 
the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration shall establish and administer a program under which not less than 3 cam-paigns will be carried out in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of each cam-
paign carried out under this section shall be to achieve outcomes related to not less than 1 of the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Reduce alcohol-impaired or drug-im-
paired operation of motor vehicles. 
‘‘(2) Increase use of seatbelts by occupants 
of motor vehicles. 
‘‘(3) Reduce distracted driving of motor ve-
hicles. 
‘‘(c) A
DVERTISING .—The Administrator may 
use, or authorize the use of, funds available to carry out this section to pay for the devel-opment, production, and use of broadcast and print media advertising and Internet- based outreach in carrying out campaigns under this section. Consideration shall be given to advertising directed at non-English speaking populations, including those who listen to, read, or watch nontraditional media. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHSTATES .—The Ad-
ministrator shall coordinate with States in carrying out the campaigns under this sec-tion, including advertising funded under sub-section (c), with consideration given to— 
‘‘(1) relying on States to provide law en-
forcement resources for the campaigns out of funding available under sections 402 and 405; and 
‘‘(2) providing out of National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration resources most of the means necessary for national ad-vertising and education efforts associated with the campaigns. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds made available 
to carry out this section may only be used for activities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) C AMPAIGN .—The term ‘campaign’ 
means a high-visibility traffic safety law en-forcement campaign. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ has the 
meaning such term has under section 401.’’. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 404 and inserting the following: 
‘‘404. High-visibility enforcement program.’’. 
SEC. 4005. NATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Section 405(a) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to the 
requirements of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall manage programs to address national priorities for reducing high-way deaths and injuries. Funds shall be allo-cated according to the following: 
‘‘(1) O
CCUPANT PROTECTION .—In each fiscal 
year, 13 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that adopt and implement effective occupant protection programs to reduce highway deaths and injuries resulting from individ-uals riding unrestrained or improperly re-strained in motor vehicles (as described in subsection (b)). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE TRAFFIC SAFETY INFORMATION  
SYSTEM IMPROVEMENTS .—In each fiscal year, 
14.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that meet requirements with respect to State traffic safety information system improve-ments (as described in subsection (c)). 
‘‘(3) I
MPAIRED DRIVING COUNTERMEASURES .— 
In each fiscal year, 52.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allo-cated among States that meet requirements with respect to impaired driving counter-measures (as described in subsection (d)). 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRACTED DRIVING .—In each fiscal 
year, 8.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that adopt and implement effective laws to reduce distracted driving (as described in subsection (e)). 
‘‘(5) M
OTORCYCLIST SAFETY .—In each fiscal 
year, 1.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States 
that implement motorcyclist safety pro-grams (as described in subsection (f)). 
‘‘(6) S
TATE GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING  
LAWS .—In each fiscal year, 5 percent of the 
funds provided under this section shall be al-located among States that adopt and imple-ment graduated driver licensing laws (as de-scribed in subsection (g)). 
‘‘(7) N
ONMOTORIZED SAFETY .—In each fiscal 
year, 5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that meet requirements with respect to non-motorized safety (as described in subsection (h)). 
‘‘(8) T
RANSFERS .—Notwithstanding para-
graphs (1) through (7), the Secretary may re-allocate, before the last day of any fiscal year, any amounts remaining available to carry out any of the activities described in subsections (b) through (h) to increase the amount made available under section 402, in order to ensure, to the maximum extent pos-sible, that all such amounts are obligated during such fiscal year. 
‘‘(9) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIREMENTS .—No grant may be 
made to a State in any fiscal year under sub-section (b), (c), or (d) unless the State enters into such agreements with the Secretary as the Secretary may require to ensure that the State will maintain its aggregate expendi-tures from all State and local sources for programs described in those subsections at or above the average level of such expendi-tures in the 2 fiscal years preceding the date of enactment of this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—Upon the request of a State, 
the Secretary may waive or modify the re-quirements under subparagraph (A) for not more than 1 fiscal year if the Secretary de-termines that such a waiver would be equi-table due to exceptional or uncontrollable circumstances.’’. 
(b) H
IGH SEATBELT USERATE.—Section 
405(b)(4)(B) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘100 percent’’. 
(c) I
MPAIRED DRIVING COUNTERMEASURES .— 
Section 405(d) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIRED PROGRAMS .—High-range 
States shall use grant funds for— 
‘‘(i) high-visibility enforcement efforts; 
and 
‘‘(ii) any of the activities described in sub-
paragraph (B) if— 
‘‘(I) the activity is described in the state-
wide plan; and 
‘‘(II) the Secretary approves the use of 
funding for such activity. 
‘‘(B) A UTHORIZED PROGRAMS .—Medium- 
range and low-range States may use grant funds for— 
‘‘(i) any of the purposes described in sub-
paragraph (A); 
‘‘(ii) hiring a full-time or part-time im-
paired driving coordinator of the State’s ac-tivities to address the enforcement and adju-dication of laws regarding driving while im-paired by alcohol, drugs, or the combination of alcohol and drugs; 
‘‘(iii) court support of high-visibility en-
forcement efforts, training and education of criminal justice professionals (including law enforcement, prosecutors, judges, and proba-tion officers) to assist such professionals in handling impaired driving cases, hiring traf-fic safety resource prosecutors, hiring judi-cial outreach liaisons, and establishing driv-ing while intoxicated courts; 
‘‘(iv) alcohol ignition interlock programs; ‘‘(v) improving blood-alcohol concentra-
tion testing and reporting; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7551 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(vi) paid and earned media in support of 
high-visibility enforcement efforts, con-ducting standardized field sobriety training, advanced roadside impaired driving evalua-tion training, and drug recognition expert training for law enforcement, and equipment and related expenditures used in connection with impaired driving enforcement in ac-cordance with criteria established by the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion; 
‘‘(vii) training on the use of alcohol and 
drug screening and brief intervention; 
‘‘(viii) training for and implementation of 
impaired driving assessment programs or other tools designed to increase the prob-ability of identifying the recidivism risk of a person convicted of driving under the influ-ence of alcohol, drugs, or a combination of alcohol and drugs and to determine the most effective mental health or substance abuse treatment or sanction that will reduce such risk; 
‘‘(ix) developing impaired driving informa-
tion systems; and 
‘‘(x) costs associated with a 24–7 sobriety 
program. 
‘‘(C) O
THER PROGRAMS .—Low-range States 
may use grant funds for any expenditure de-signed to reduce impaired driving based on problem identification and may use not more than 50 percent of funds made available under this subsection for any project or ac-tivity eligible for funding under section 402. Medium- and high-range States may use funds for any expenditure designed to reduce impaired driving based on problem identi-fication upon approval by the Secretary.’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (6)(A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make a separate grant under this subsection to each State that adopts and is enforcing a law that requires any individual convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or of driving while intoxicated to receive a re-striction on driving privileges that limits the individual to operating only motor vehi-cles with an ignition interlock installed. Such law may provide limited exceptions for circumstances when— 
‘‘(i) a State-certified ignition interlock 
provider is not available within 100 miles of the individual’s residence; 
‘‘(ii) the individual is required to operate 
an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual; or 
‘‘(iii) the individual is certified by a med-
ical doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an igni-tion interlock device.’’. 
(d) D
ISTRACTED DRIVING GRANTS .—Section 
405(e) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) D
ISTRACTED DRIVING GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
award a grant under this subsection to any State that includes distracted driving aware-ness as part of the State’s driver’s license ex-amination, and enacts and enforces a law that meets the requirements set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON TEXTING WHILE DRIVING  
OR STOPPED IN TRAFFIC .—A State law meets 
the requirements set forth in this paragraph if the law— 
‘‘(A) prohibits a driver from texting 
through a personal wireless communications device while driving or stopped in traffic; 
‘‘(B) makes violation of the law a primary 
offense; and 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a vio-
lation of the law. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON YOUTH CELL PHONE USE  
WHILE DRIVING OR STOPPED IN TRAFFIC .—A State law meets the requirements set forth 
in this paragraph if the law— 
‘‘(A) prohibits a driver from using a per-
sonal wireless communications device while driving or stopped in traffic— 
‘‘(i) younger than 18 years of age; or ‘‘(ii) in the learner’s permit and inter-
mediate license stages set forth in sub-section (g)(2)(B); 
‘‘(B) makes violation of the law a primary 
offense; and 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a first 
violation of the law. 
‘‘(4) P
ERMITTED EXCEPTIONS .—A law that 
meets the requirements set forth in para-graph (2) or (3) may provide exceptions for— 
‘‘(A) a driver who uses a personal wireless 
communications device to contact emer-gency services; 
‘‘(B) emergency services personnel who use 
a personal wireless communications device 
while— 
‘‘(i) operating an emergency services vehi-
cle; and 
‘‘(ii) engaged in the performance of their 
duties as emergency services personnel; 
‘‘(C) an individual employed as a commer-
cial motor vehicle driver or a school bus driver who uses a personal wireless commu-nications device within the scope of such in-dividual’s employment if such use is per-mitted under the regulations promulgated pursuant to section 31136 of title 49; and 
‘‘(D) any additional exceptions determined 
by the Secretary through a rulemaking proc-ess. 
‘‘(5) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), amounts received by a State under this subsection shall be used— 
‘‘(i) to educate the public through adver-
tising containing information about the dan-gers of texting or using a cell phone while driving; 
‘‘(ii) for traffic signs that notify drivers 
about the distracted driving law of the State; or 
‘‘(iii) for law enforcement costs related to 
the enforcement of the distracted driving law. 
‘‘(B) F
LEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(i) Not more than 50 percent of amounts 
received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activ-ity under section 402. 
‘‘(ii) Not more than 75 percent of amounts 
received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activ-ity under section 402 if the State has con-formed its distracted driving data to the most recent Model Minimum Uniform Crash Criteria published by the Secretary. 
‘‘(6) A
LLOCATION TO SUPPORT STATE DIS -
TRACTED DRIVING LAWS .—Of the amounts 
available under this subsection in a fiscal year for distracted driving grants, the Sec-retary may expend not more than $5,000,000 for the development and placement of broad-cast media to reduce distracted driving of motor vehicles, including to support cam-paigns related to distracted driving that are funded under section 404. 
‘‘(7) G
RANT AMOUNT .—The allocation of 
grant funds to a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s apportionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009. 
‘‘(8) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions apply: 
‘‘(A) D RIVING .—The term ‘driving’— 
‘‘(i) means operating a motor vehicle on a 
public road, including operation while tem-porarily stationary because of traffic, a traf-fic light or stop sign, or otherwise; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include operating a motor ve-
hicle when the vehicle has pulled over to the side of, or off, an active roadway and has stopped in a location where it can safely re-
main stationary. 
‘‘(B) P
ERSONAL WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS  
DEVICE .—The term ‘personal wireless com-
munications device’— 
‘‘(i) means a device through which personal 
wireless services (as defined in section 332(c)(7)(C)(i) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(c)(7)(C)(i))) are trans-mitted; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include a global navigation 
satellite system receiver used for posi-tioning, emergency notification, or naviga-tion purposes. 
‘‘(C) P
RIMARY OFFENSE .—The term ‘pri-
mary offense’ means an offense for which a law enforcement officer may stop a vehicle solely for the purpose of issuing a citation in the absence of evidence of another offense. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC ROAD .—The term ‘public road’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 402(c). 
‘‘(E) T
EXTING .—The term ‘texting’ means 
reading from or manually entering data into a personal wireless communications device, including doing so for the purpose of SMS texting, emailing, instant messaging, or en-gaging in any other form of electronic data retrieval or electronic data communica-tion.’’. 
(e) M
OTORCYCLIST SAFETY .—Section 405(f) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) G RANT AMOUNT .—The allocation of 
grant funds to a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s apportionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009, except that the amount of a grant awarded to a State for a fiscal year may not exceed 25 percent of the amount ap-portioned to the State under such section for fiscal year 2009.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4) by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(C) F
LEXIBILITY .—Not more than 50 per-
cent of grant funds received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402 if the State is in the lowest 25 percent of all States for motorcycle deaths per 10,000 motorcycle registrations based on the most recent data that conforms with criteria established by the Secretary.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
HARE -THE-ROAD MODEL LANGUAGE .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall update and provide to the States model lan-guage for use in traffic safety education courses, driver’s manuals, and other driver training materials that provides instruction for drivers of motor vehicles on the impor-tance of sharing the road safely with motor-cyclists.’’. 
(f) S
TATE GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING IN-
CENTIVE GRANT .—Section 405(g) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) S
TATE GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING  
INCENTIVE GRANT .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—Subject to the 
requirements under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall award grants to States that adopt and implement graduated driver li-censing laws in accordance with the require-ments set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State meets the re-
quirements set forth in this paragraph if the State has a graduated driver licensing law that requires novice drivers younger than 18 years of age to comply with the 2-stage li-censing process described in subparagraph (B) before receiving an unrestricted driver’s license. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7552 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(B) L ICENSING PROCESS .—A State is in 
compliance with the 2-stage licensing proc-ess described in this subparagraph if the State’s driver’s license laws comply with the additional requirements under subparagraph (C) and includes— 
‘‘(i) a learner’s permit stage that— ‘‘(I) is not less than 6 months in duration 
and remains in effect until the driver reaches not less than 16 years of age; 
‘‘(II) contains a prohibition on the driver 
using a personal wireless communications device (as defined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under subsection (e)(4); 
‘‘(III) requires that the driver be accom-
panied and supervised at all times while op-erating a motor vehicle by a licensed driver who is— 
‘‘(aa) not less than 21 years of age; ‘‘(bb) the driver’s parent or guardian; or ‘‘(cc) a State-certified driving instructor; 
and 
‘‘(IV) complies with the additional require-
ments for a learner’s permit stage set forth in subparagraph (C)(i); and 
‘‘(ii) an intermediate stage that— ‘‘(I) is not less than 6 months in duration; ‘‘(II) contains a prohibition on the driver 
using a personal wireless communications device (as defined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under subsection (e)(4); 
‘‘(III) for the first 6 months of such stage, 
restricts driving at night when not super-vised by a licensed driver described in clause (i)(III), excluding transportation to work, school, or religious activities, or in the case of an emergency; 
‘‘(IV) for a period of not less than 6 
months, prohibits the driver from operating a motor vehicle with more than 1 non-familial passenger under 21 years of age un-less a licensed driver described in clause (i)(III) is in the vehicle; and 
‘‘(V) complies with the additional require-
ments for an intermediate stage set forth in subparagraph (C)(ii). 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) L EARNER ’S PERMIT STAGE .—In addition 
to the requirements of subparagraph (B)(i), a learner’s permit stage shall include not less than 2 of the following requirements: 
‘‘(I) Passage of a vision and knowledge as-
sessment by a learner’s permit applicant prior to receiving a learner’s permit. 
‘‘(II) The driver completes— ‘‘(aa) a State-certified driver education or 
training course; or 
‘‘(bb) not less than 40 hours of behind-the- 
wheel training with a licensed driver de-
scribed in subparagraph (B)(i)(III). 
‘‘(III) In addition to any other penalties 
imposed by State law, the grant of an unre-stricted driver’s license or advancement to an intermediate stage be automatically de-layed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit stage, is convicted of a driv-ing-related offense, including— 
‘‘(aa) driving while intoxicated; ‘‘(bb) misrepresentation of the individual’s 
age; 
‘‘(cc) reckless driving; ‘‘(dd) driving without wearing a seatbelt; ‘‘(ee) speeding; or ‘‘(ff) any other driving-related offense, as 
determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(ii) I
NTERMEDIATE STAGE .—In addition to 
the requirements of subparagraph (B)(ii), an intermediate stage shall include not less than 2 of the following requirements: 
‘‘(I) Commencement of such stage after the 
successful completion of a driving skills test. 
‘‘(II) That such stage remain in effect until 
the driver reaches the age of not less than 17. 
‘‘(III) In addition to any other penalties 
imposed by State law, the grant of an unre-stricted driver’s license be automatically de-layed for any individual who, during the 
learner’s permit stage, is convicted of a driv-ing-related offense, including those described in clause (i)(III). 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A State that otherwise 
meets the minimum requirements set forth in paragraph (2) shall be deemed by the Sec-retary to be in compliance with the require-ment set forth in paragraph (2) if the State enacted a law before January 1, 2011, estab-lishing a class of license that permits licens-ees or applicants younger than 18 years of age to drive a motor vehicle— 
‘‘(A) in connection with work performed 
on, or for the operation of, a farm owned by family members who are directly related to the applicant or licensee; or 
‘‘(B) if demonstrable hardship would result 
from the denial of a license to the licensees or applicants. 
‘‘(4) A
LLOCATION .—Grant funds allocated to 
a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s ap-portionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009. 
‘‘(5) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), grant funds received by a State under this subsection shall be used for— 
‘‘(i) enforcing a 2-stage licensing process 
that complies with paragraph (2); 
‘‘(ii) training for law enforcement per-
sonnel and other relevant State agency per-sonnel relating to the enforcement described in clause (i); 
‘‘(iii) publishing relevant educational ma-
terials that pertain directly or indirectly to the State graduated driver licensing law; 
‘‘(iv) carrying out other administrative ac-
tivities that the Secretary considers rel-
evant to the State’s 2-stage licensing proc-ess; or 
‘‘(v) carrying out a teen traffic safety pro-
gram described in section 402(m). 
‘‘(B) F
LEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(i) Not more than 75 percent of grant 
funds received by a State under this sub-section may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402. 
‘‘(ii) Not more than 100 percent of grant 
funds received by a State under this sub-section may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402, if the State is in the lowest 25 percent of all States for the number of drivers under age 18 involved in fatal crashes in the State per the total num-ber of drivers under age 18 in the State based on the most recent data that conforms with criteria established by the Secretary.’’. 
(g) N
ONMOTORIZED SAFETY .—Section 405 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) N
ONMOTORIZED SAFETY .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to the 
requirements under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall award grants to States for the purpose of decreasing pedestrian and bicycle fatalities and injuries that result from crash-es involving a motor vehicle. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project carried out by a State using amounts from a grant awarded under this subsection may not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY .—A State shall receive a 
grant under this subsection in a fiscal year if the annual combined pedestrian and bicycle fatalities in the State exceed 15 percent of the total annual crash fatalities in the State, based on the most recently reported final data from the Fatality Analysis Re-porting System. 
‘‘(4) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .—Grant funds 
received by a State under this subsection may be used for— 
‘‘(A) training of law enforcement officials 
on State laws applicable to pedestrian and bicycle safety; ‘‘(B) enforcement mobilizations and cam-
paigns designed to enforce State traffic laws applicable to pedestrian and bicycle safety; and 
‘‘(C) public education and awareness pro-
grams designed to inform motorists, pedes-trians, and bicyclists of State traffic laws applicable to pedestrian and bicycle safety. 
‘‘(5) G
RANT AMOUNT .—The allocation of 
grant funds to a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s apportionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009.’’. 
SEC. 4006. PROHIBITION ON FUNDS TO CHECK 
HELMET USAGE OR CREATE RE-LATED CHECKPOINTS FOR A MO-TORCYCLE DRIVER OR PASSENGER. 
The Secretary may not provide a grant or 
otherwise make available funding to a State, Indian tribe, county, municipality, or other local government to be used for a program or activity to check helmet usage, including checkpoints related to helmet usage, with respect to a motorcycle driver or passenger. 
SEC. 4007. MARIJUANA-IMPAIRED DRIVING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary, in consultation 
with the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall conduct a study on mari-juana-impaired driving. 
(b) I
SSUES TOBEEXAMINED .—In conducting 
the study, the Secretary shall examine, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Methods to detect marijuana-impaired 
driving, including devices capable of meas-uring marijuana levels in motor vehicle op-erators. 
(2) A review of impairment standard re-
search for driving under the influence of marijuana. 
(3) Methods to differentiate the cause of a 
driving impairment between alcohol and marijuana. 
(4) State-based policies on marijuana-im-
paired driving. 
(5) The role and extent of marijuana im-
pairment in motor vehicle accidents. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in cooperation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include, at 
a minimum, the following: 
(A) F INDINGS .—The findings of the Sec-
retary based on the study, including, at a minimum, the following: 
(i) An assessment of methodologies and 
technologies for measuring driver impair-ment resulting from the use of marijuana, including the use of marijuana in combina-tion with alcohol. 
(ii) A description and assessment of the 
role of marijuana as a causal factor in traffic crashes and the extent of the problem of marijuana-impaired driving. 
(iii) A description and assessment of cur-
rent State laws relating to marijuana-im-paired driving. 
(iv) A determination whether an impair-
ment standard for drivers under the influ-ence of marijuana is feasible and could re-duce vehicle accidents and save lives. 
(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The recommenda-
tions of the Secretary based on the study, in-cluding, at a minimum, the following: 
(i) Effective and efficient methods for 
training law enforcement personnel, includ-ing drug recognition experts, to detect or measure the level of impairment of a motor vehicle operator who is under the influence of marijuana by the use of technology or otherwise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7553 November 3, 2015 
(ii) If feasible, an impairment standard for 
driving under the influence of marijuana. 
(iii) Methodologies for increased data col-
lection regarding the prevalence and effects of marijuana-impaired driving. 
(d) M
ARIJUANA DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘marijuana’’ includes all sub-stances containing tetrahydrocannabinol. 
SEC. 4008. NATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PRO-
GRAM GRANT ELIGIBILITY. 
Not later than 60 days after the date on 
which the Secretary of Transportation awards grants under section 405 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall make available on a publicly available Inter-net Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation— 
(1) an identification of— (A) the States that were awarded grants 
under such section; 
(B) the States that applied and were not 
awarded grants under such section; and 
(C) the States that did not apply for a 
grant under such section; and 
(2) a list of deficiencies that made a State 
ineligible for a grant under such section for each State under paragraph (1)(B). 
SEC. 4009. DATA COLLECTION. 
Section 1906 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 
note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(A) has enacted’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘(B) is maintaining’’ and inserting ‘‘is maintaining’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and any passengers’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—A grant re-
ceived by a State under subsection (a) shall be used by the State for the costs of— 
‘‘(1) collecting and maintaining data on 
traffic stops; and 
‘‘(2) evaluating the results of the data.’’; (3) by striking subsection (c) and redesig-
nating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (c)(2), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘A State’’ and inserting ‘‘On or after October 1, 2015, a State’’; and 
(5) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in the subsection heading by striking 
‘‘A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘F UNDING ’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds made avail-
able under section 403 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall set aside $7,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘authorized by’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘made available under’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘percent,’’ and all that fol-
lows through the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘percent.’’. 
SEC. 4010. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
Title 23, United States Code, is amended as 
follows: 
(1) Section 402 is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘para-
graph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘in which’’ and inserting 
‘‘for which’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘under subsection (f)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘under subsection (k)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (k)(5), as redesignated by 
this Act, by striking ‘‘under paragraph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (3)(A)’’. 
(2) Section 403(e) is amended by striking 
‘‘chapter 301’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 301 of title 49’’. 
(3) Section 405 is amended— (A) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘under sec-
tion 402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 402’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (6)(C) by striking ‘‘on the 
basis of the apportionment formula set forth in section 402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘in propor-tion to the State’s apportionment under sec-tion 402 for fiscal year 2009’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(4)(A)(iv)— (i) by striking ‘‘such as the’’ and inserting 
‘‘including’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘developed under sub-
section (g)’’. 
TITLE V—MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
SEC. 5101. GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Section 31102 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31102. Motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall administer a motor carrier safety assistance program funded under sec-tion 31104. 
‘‘(b) G
OAL.—The goal of the program is to 
ensure that the Secretary, States, local gov-ernments, other political jurisdictions, fed-erally recognized Indian tribes, and other persons work in partnership to establish pro-grams to improve motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety to support a safe and efficient surface transportation sys-tem by— 
‘‘(1) making targeted investments to pro-
mote safe commercial motor vehicle trans-portation, including the transportation of passengers and hazardous materials; 
‘‘(2) investing in activities likely to gen-
erate maximum reductions in the number and severity of commercial motor vehicle crashes and in fatalities resulting from such crashes; 
‘‘(3) adopting and enforcing effective motor 
carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driv-er safety regulations and practices con-sistent with Federal requirements; and 
‘‘(4) assessing and improving statewide per-
formance by setting program goals and meeting performance standards, measures, and benchmarks. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Secretary shall prescribe proce-dures for a State to submit a multiple-year plan, and annual updates thereto, under which the State agrees to assume responsi-bility for improving motor carrier safety by adopting and enforcing State regulations, standards, and orders that are compatible with the regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government on commercial motor vehicle safety and hazardous mate-rials transportation safety. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove a State plan if the Secretary deter-mines that the plan is adequate to comply with the requirements of this section, and the plan— 
‘‘(A) implements performance-based activi-
ties, including deployment and maintenance of technology to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of commercial motor vehicle safety programs; 
‘‘(B) designates a lead State commercial 
motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan throughout the State; 
‘‘(C) contains satisfactory assurances that 
the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency has or will have the legal au-thority, resources, and qualified personnel necessary to enforce the regulations, stand-ards, and orders; 
‘‘(D) contains satisfactory assurances that 
the State will devote adequate resources to the administration of the plan and enforce-
ment of the regulations, standards, and or-ders; 
‘‘(E) provides a right of entry and inspec-
tion to carry out the plan; 
‘‘(F) provides that all reports required 
under this section be available to the Sec-retary on request; 
‘‘(G) provides that the lead State commer-
cial motor vehicle safety agency will adopt the reporting requirements and use the forms for recordkeeping, inspections, and in-vestigations that the Secretary prescribes; 
‘‘(H) requires all registrants of commercial 
motor vehicles to demonstrate knowledge of applicable safety regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government and the State; 
‘‘(I) provides that the State will grant 
maximum reciprocity for inspections con-ducted under the North American Inspection Standards through the use of a nationally accepted system that allows ready identi-fication of previously inspected commercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(J) ensures that activities described in 
subsection (h), if financed through grants to the State made under this section, will not diminish the effectiveness of the develop-ment and implementation of the programs to improve motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety as described in sub-section (b); 
‘‘(K) ensures that the lead State commer-
cial motor vehicle safety agency will coordi-nate the plan, data collection, and informa-tion systems with the State highway safety improvement program required under sec-tion 148(c) of title 23; 
‘‘(L) ensures participation in appropriate 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion information technology and data sys-tems and other information systems by all appropriate jurisdictions receiving motor carrier safety assistance program funding; 
‘‘(M) ensures that information is ex-
changed among the States in a timely man-ner; 
‘‘(N) provides satisfactory assurances that 
the State will undertake efforts that will emphasize and improve enforcement of State and local traffic safety laws and regulations related to commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(O) provides satisfactory assurances that 
the State will address national priorities and performance goals, including— 
‘‘(i) activities aimed at removing impaired 
commercial motor vehicle drivers from the highways of the United States through ade-quate enforcement of regulations on the use of alcohol and controlled substances and by 
ensuring ready roadside access to alcohol de-tection and measuring equipment; 
‘‘(ii) activities aimed at providing an ap-
propriate level of training to State motor carrier safety assistance program officers and employees on recognizing drivers im-paired by alcohol or controlled substances; and 
‘‘(iii) when conducted with an appropriate 
commercial motor vehicle inspection, crimi-nal interdiction activities, and appropriate strategies for carrying out those interdiction activities, including interdiction activities that affect the transportation of controlled substances (as defined in section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 802) and listed in part 1308 of title 21, Code of Federal Regu-lations, as updated and republished from time to time) by any occupant of a commer-cial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(P) provides that the State has estab-
lished and dedicated sufficient resources to a program to ensure that— 
‘‘(i) the State collects and reports to the 
Secretary accurate, complete, and timely motor carrier safety data; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7554 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(ii) the State participates in a national 
motor carrier safety data correction system prescribed by the Secretary; 
‘‘(Q) ensures that the State will cooperate 
in the enforcement of financial responsi-bility requirements under sections 13906, 31138, and 31139 and regulations issued under those sections; 
‘‘(R) ensures consistent, effective, and rea-
sonable sanctions; 
‘‘(S) ensures that roadside inspections will 
be conducted at locations that are adequate to protect the safety of drivers and enforce-ment personnel; 
‘‘(T) provides that the State will include in 
the training manuals for the licensing exam-ination to drive noncommercial motor vehi-cles and commercial motor vehicles informa-tion on best practices for driving safely in the vicinity of noncommercial and commer-cial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(U) provides that the State will enforce 
the registration requirements of sections 13902 and 31134 by prohibiting the operation of any vehicle discovered to be operated by a motor carrier without a registration issued under those sections or to be operated be-yond the scope of the motor carrier’s reg-istration; 
‘‘(V) provides that the State will conduct 
comprehensive and highly visible traffic en-forcement and commercial motor vehicle safety inspection programs in high-risk loca-tions and corridors; 
‘‘(W) except in the case of an imminent 
hazard or obvious safety hazard, ensures that an inspection of a vehicle transporting pas-sengers for a motor carrier of passengers is conducted at a bus station, terminal, border crossing, maintenance facility, destination, or other location where a motor carrier may make a planned stop (excluding a weigh sta-tion); 
‘‘(X) ensures that the State will transmit 
to its roadside inspectors notice of each Fed-eral exemption granted under section 31315(b) of this title and sections 390.23 and 390.25 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, and provided to the State by the Sec-retary, including the name of the person that received the exemption and any terms and conditions that apply to the exemption; 
‘‘(Y) except as provided in subsection (d), 
provides that the State— 
‘‘(i) will conduct safety audits of interstate 
and, at the State’s discretion, intrastate new entrant motor carriers under section 31144(g); and 
‘‘(ii) if the State authorizes a third party 
to conduct safety audits under section 31144(g) on its behalf, the State verifies the 
quality of the work conducted and remains solely responsible for the management and oversight of the activities; 
‘‘(Z) provides that the State agrees to fully 
participate in the performance and registra-tion information systems management under section 31106(b) not later than October 1, 2020, by complying with the conditions for participation under paragraph (3) of that sec-tion, or demonstrates to the Secretary an al-ternative approach for identifying and im-mobilizing a motor carrier with serious safe-ty deficiencies in a manner that provides an equivalent level of safety; 
‘‘(AA) in the case of a State that shares a 
land border with another country, provides that the State— 
‘‘(i) will conduct a border commercial 
motor vehicle safety program focusing on international commerce that includes en-forcement and related projects; or 
‘‘(ii) will forfeit all funds calculated by the 
Secretary based on border-related activities if the State declines to conduct the program described in clause (i) in its plan; and 
‘‘(BB) in the case of a State that meets the 
other requirements of this section and agrees to comply with the requirements established 
in subsection (l)(3), provides that the State may fund operation and maintenance costs associated with innovative technology de-ployment under subsection (l)(3) with motor carrier safety assistance program funds au-thorized under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall publish each ap-proved State multiple-year plan, and each annual update thereto, on a publically acces-sible Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary approves the plan or update. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Before publishing an ap-
proved State multiple-year plan or annual update under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall redact any information identi-fied by the State that, if disclosed— 
‘‘(i) would reasonably be expected to inter-
fere with enforcement proceedings; or 
‘‘(ii) would reveal enforcement techniques 
or procedures that would reasonably be ex-pected to risk circumvention of the law. 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF U.S. T ERRITORIES .—The 
requirement that a State conduct safety au-dits of new entrant motor carriers under sub-section (c)(2)(Y) does not apply to a territory of the United States unless required by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) I
NTRASTATE COMPATIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary shall prescribe regulations specifying tolerance guidelines and standards for ensur-ing compatibility of intrastate commercial motor vehicle safety laws, including regula-tions, with Federal motor carrier safety reg-ulations to be enforced under subsections (b) and (c). To the extent practicable, the guide-lines and standards shall allow for maximum flexibility while ensuring a degree of uni-formity that will not diminish motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) B ASELINE .—Except as provided under 
paragraphs (2) and (3) and in accordance with section 5106 of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, a State plan under subsection (c) shall provide that the total expenditure of amounts of the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan will be maintained at a level each fiscal year that is at least equal to— 
‘‘(A) the average level of that expenditure 
for fiscal years 2004 and 2005; or 
‘‘(B) the level of that expenditure for the 
year in which the Secretary implements a new allocation formula under section 5106 of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTED BASELINE AFTER FISCAL YEAR  
2017.—At the request of a State, the Secretary 
may evaluate additional documentation re-lated to the maintenance of effort and may make reasonable adjustments to the mainte-nance of effort baseline after the year in which the Secretary implements a new allo-cation formula under section 5106 of the Sur-face Transportation Reauthorization and Re-form Act of 2015, and this adjusted baseline will replace the maintenance of effort re-quirement under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .—At the request of a State, 
the Secretary may waive or modify the re-quirements of this subsection for a total of 1 fiscal year if the Secretary determines that the waiver or modification is reasonable, based on circumstances described by the State, to ensure the continuation of com-mercial motor vehicle enforcement activi-ties in the State. 
‘‘(4) L
EVEL OF STATE EXPENDITURES .—In es-
timating the average level of a State’s ex-penditures under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) may allow the State to exclude State 
expenditures for federally sponsored dem-onstration and pilot programs and strike forces; 
‘‘(B) may allow the State to exclude ex-
penditures for activities related to border enforcement and new entrant safety audits; 
and 
‘‘(C) shall require the State to exclude 
State matching amounts used to receive Federal financing under section 31104. 
‘‘(g) U
SE OF UNIFIED CARRIER REGISTRATION  
FEES AGREEMENT .—Amounts generated 
under section 14504a and received by a State and used for motor carrier safety purposes may be included as part of the State’s match required under section 31104 or maintenance of effort required by subsection (f). 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF GRANTS TOENFORCE OTHER  
LAWS.—When approved as part of a State’s 
plan under subsection (c), the State may use motor carrier safety assistance program funds received under this section— 
‘‘(1) if the activities are carried out in con-
junction with an appropriate inspection of a commercial motor vehicle to enforce Federal or State commercial motor vehicle safety regulations, for— 
‘‘(A) enforcement of commercial motor ve-
hicle size and weight limitations at loca-tions, excluding fixed-weight facilities, such as near steep grades or mountainous ter-rains, where the weight of a commercial motor vehicle can significantly affect the safe operation of the vehicle, or at ports where intermodal shipping containers enter and leave the United States; and 
‘‘(B) detection of and enforcement actions 
taken as a result of criminal activity, in-cluding the trafficking of human beings, in a commercial motor vehicle or by any occu-pant, including the operator, of the commer-cial motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(2) for documented enforcement of State 
traffic laws and regulations designed to pro-mote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, including documented en-forcement of such laws and regulations relat-ing to noncommercial motor vehicles when necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, if— 
‘‘(A) the number of motor carrier safety 
activities, including roadside safety inspec-tions, conducted in the State is maintained at a level at least equal to the average level of such activities conducted in the State in fiscal years 2004 and 2005; and 
‘‘(B) the State does not use more than 10 
percent of the basic amount the State re-ceives under a grant awarded under section 31104(a)(1) for enforcement activities relating to noncommercial motor vehicles necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles unless the Secretary deter-mines that a higher percentage will result in significant increases in commercial motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(i) E
VALUATION OF PLANS AND AWARD OF  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) A WARDS .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish criteria for the application, evaluation, and approval of State plans under this sec-tion. Subject to subsection (j), the Secretary may allocate the amounts made available under section 31104(a)(1) among the States. 
‘‘(2) O
PPORTUNITY TO CURE .—If the Sec-
retary disapproves a plan under this section, the Secretary shall give the State a written explanation of the reasons for disapproval and allow the State to modify and resubmit the plan for approval. 
‘‘(j) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, by regu-
lation, shall prescribe allocation criteria for funds made available under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL ALLOCATIONS .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon as practicable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7555 November 3, 2015 
thereafter, and after making a deduction 
under section 31104(c), the Secretary shall al-locate amounts made available under section 31104(a)(1) to carry out this section for the fiscal year among the States with plans ap-proved under this section in accordance with the criteria prescribed under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) E
LECTIVE ADJUSTMENTS .—Subject to 
the availability of funding and notwith-standing fluctuations in the data elements used by the Secretary to calculate the an-nual allocation amounts, after the creation of a new allocation formula under section 5106 of the Surface Transportation Reauthor-ization and Reform Act of 2015, the Secretary may not make elective adjustments to the allocation formula that decrease a State’s Federal funding levels by more than 3 per-cent in a fiscal year. The 3 percent limit shall not apply to the withholding provisions of subsection (k). 
‘‘(k) P
LANMONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On the basis of reports 
submitted by the lead State agency respon-sible for administering a State plan approved under this section and an investigation by the Secretary, the Secretary shall periodi-cally evaluate State implementation of and compliance with the State plan. 
‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) D ISAPPROVAL .—If, after notice and an 
opportunity to be heard, the Secretary finds that a State plan previously approved under this section is not being followed or has be-come inadequate to ensure enforcement of State regulations, standards, or orders de-scribed in subsection (c)(1), or the State is otherwise not in compliance with the re-quirements of this section, the Secretary may withdraw approval of the State plan and notify the State. Upon the receipt of such notice, the State plan shall no longer be in effect and the Secretary shall withhold all funding to the State under this section. 
‘‘(B) N
ONCOMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING .—In lieu 
of withdrawing approval of a State plan 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may, after providing notice to the State and an opportunity to be heard, withhold funding from the State to which the State would oth-erwise be entitled under this section for the period of the State’s noncompliance. In exer-cising this option, the Secretary may with-hold— 
‘‘(i) up to 5 percent of funds during the fis-
cal year that the Secretary notifies the State of its noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) up to 10 percent of funds for the first 
full fiscal year of noncompliance; 
‘‘(iii) up to 25 percent of funds for the sec-
ond full fiscal year of noncompliance; and 
‘‘(iv) not more than 50 percent of funds for 
the third and any subsequent full fiscal year of noncompliance. 
‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A State adversely 
affected by a determination under paragraph (2) may seek judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5. Notwithstanding the disapproval of a State plan under paragraph (2)(A) or the withholding of funds under paragraph (2)(B), the State may retain jurisdiction in an ad-ministrative or a judicial proceeding that commenced before the notice of disapproval or withholding if the issues involved are not related directly to the reasons for the dis-approval or withholding. 
‘‘(l) H
IGHPRIORITY PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a high priority program funded under section 31104 for the purposes de-scribed in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES RELATED TO MOTOR CARRIER  
SAFETY .—The Secretary may make discre-
tionary grants to and enter into cooperative agreements with States, local governments, federally recognized Indian tribes, other po-litical jurisdictions as necessary, and any person to carry out high priority activities and projects that augment motor carrier 
safety activities and projects planned in ac-cordance with subsections (b) and (c), includ-ing activities and projects that— 
‘‘(A) increase public awareness and edu-
cation on commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(B) target unsafe driving of commercial 
motor vehicles and noncommercial motor vehicles in areas identified as high risk crash corridors; 
‘‘(C) improve the safe and secure move-
ment of hazardous materials; 
‘‘(D) improve safe transportation of goods 
and persons in foreign commerce; 
‘‘(E) demonstrate new technologies to im-
prove commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(F) support participation in performance 
and registration information systems man-agement under section 31106(b)— 
‘‘(i) for entities not responsible for submit-
ting the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) for entities responsible for submitting 
the plan under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(I) before October 1, 2020, to achieve com-
pliance with the requirements of participa-tion; and 
‘‘(II) beginning on October 1, 2020, or once 
compliance is achieved, whichever is sooner, for special initiatives or projects that exceed routine operations required for participa-tion; 
‘‘(G) conduct safety data improvement 
projects— 
‘‘(i) that complete or exceed the require-
ments under subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities not responsible for submitting the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) that exceed the requirements under 
subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities responsible for submitting the plan under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(H) otherwise improve commercial motor 
vehicle safety and compliance with commer-cial motor vehicle safety regulations. 
‘‘(3) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an innovative technology deploy-ment grant program to make discretionary grants funded under section 31104(a)(2) to eli-gible States for the innovative technology deployment of commercial motor vehicle in-formation systems and networks. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the pro-
gram shall be— 
‘‘(i) to advance the technological capa-
bility and promote the deployment of intel-ligent transportation system applications for commercial motor vehicle operations, in-cluding commercial motor vehicle, commer-cial driver, and carrier-specific information 
systems and networks; and 
‘‘(ii) to support and maintain commercial 
motor vehicle information systems and net-works— 
‘‘(I) to link Federal motor carrier safety 
information systems with State commercial motor vehicle systems; 
‘‘(II) to improve the safety and produc-
tivity of commercial motor vehicles and drivers; and 
‘‘(III) to reduce costs associated with com-
mercial motor vehicle operations and Fed-eral and State commercial motor vehicle regulatory requirements. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a 
grant under this paragraph, a State shall— 
‘‘(i) have a commercial motor vehicle in-
formation systems and networks program plan approved by the Secretary that de-scribes the various systems and networks at the State level that need to be refined, re-vised, upgraded, or built to accomplish de-ployment of commercial motor vehicle infor-mation systems and networks capabilities; 
‘‘(ii) certify to the Secretary that its com-
mercial motor vehicle information systems and networks deployment activities, includ-ing hardware procurement, software and sys-
tem development, and infrastructure modi-fications— 
‘‘(I) are consistent with the national intel-
ligent transportation systems and commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks architectures and available stand-ards; and 
‘‘(II) promote interoperability and effi-
ciency to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(iii) agree to execute interoperability 
tests developed by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to verify that its sys-tems conform with the national intelligent transportation systems architecture, appli-cable standards, and protocols for commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks. 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds received 
under this paragraph may be used— 
‘‘(i) for deployment activities and activi-
ties to develop new and innovative advanced technology solutions that support commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks; 
‘‘(ii) for planning activities, including the 
development or updating of program or top level design plans in order to become eligible or maintain eligibility under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(iii) for the operation and maintenance 
costs associated with innovative technology. 
‘‘(E) S
ECRETARY AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to award a State fund-ing for the operation and maintenance costs associated with innovative technology de-ployment with funds made available under sections 31104(a)(1) and 31104(a)(2).’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 31103 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31103. Commercial motor vehicle operators 
grant program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a commercial motor vehicle opera-tors grant program funded under section 31104. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the grant 
program is to train individuals in the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles (as defined in section 31301). 
‘‘(c) V
ETERANS .—In administering grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall award priority to grant applications for programs to train former members of the armed forces (as defined in section 101 of title 10) in the safe operation of such vehicles.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended on the effective date set forth in subsection (f) to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31104. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS .— 
The following sums are authorized to be ap-propriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
‘‘(1) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Subject to paragraph (2) and sub-
section (c), to carry out section 31102— 
‘‘(A) $278,242,684 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $293,685,550 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $308,351,227 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $323,798,553 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $339,244,023 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) H
IGH PRIORITY ACTIVITIES PROGRAM .— 
Subject to subsection (c), to make grants and cooperative agreements under section 31102(l), the Secretary may set aside from amounts made available under paragraph (1) up to— 
‘‘(A) $40,798,780 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $41,684,114 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $42,442,764 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $43,325,574 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $44,209,416 for fiscal year 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7556 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(3) C OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—To carry out section 
31103— 
‘‘(A) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PRO -
GRAM IMPLEMENTATION PROGRAM .—Subject to 
subsection (c), to carry out section 31313— 
‘‘(A) $30,958,536 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $31,630,336 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $32,206,008 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $32,875,893 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $33,546,562 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(b) R
EIMBURSEMENT AND PAYMENT TO RE-
CIPIENTS FOR GOVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made available 
under subsection (a) shall be used to reim-burse financial assistance recipients propor-tionally for the Federal Government’s share of the costs incurred. 
‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT AMOUNTS .—The Sec-
retary shall reimburse a recipient, in accord-ance with a financial assistance agreement made under section 31102, 31103, or 31313, an amount that is at least 85 percent of the costs incurred by the recipient in a fiscal year in developing and implementing pro-grams under such sections. The Secretary shall pay the recipient an amount not more than the Federal Government share of the total costs approved by the Federal Govern-ment in the financial assistance agreement. The Secretary shall include a recipient’s in- kind contributions in determining the reim-
bursement. 
‘‘(3) V
OUCHERS .—Each recipient shall sub-
mit vouchers at least quarterly for costs the recipient incurs in developing and imple-menting programs under sections 31102, 31103, and 31313. 
‘‘(c) D
EDUCTIONS FOR PARTNER TRAINING  
AND PROGRAM SUPPORT .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon after that date as practicable, the Secretary may deduct from amounts made available under paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) of subsection (a) for that fis-cal year not more than 1.50 percent of those amounts for partner training and program support in that fiscal year. The Secretary shall use at least 75 percent of those de-ducted amounts to train non-Federal Gov-ernment employees and to develop related training materials in carrying out such pro-grams. 
‘‘(d) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
ASCONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS .—The approval 
of a financial assistance agreement by the Secretary under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Federal Gov-ernment’s share of costs in carrying out the provisions of the grant or cooperative agree-ment. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
shall establish criteria for eligible activities to be funded with financial assistance agree-ments under this section and publish those criteria in a notice of funding availability before the financial assistance program ap-plication period. 
‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY OF FINANCIAL  
ASSISTANCE AGREEMENT FUNDS FOR RECIPI -
ENT EXPENDITURES .—The period of avail-
ability for a recipient to expend funds under a grant or cooperative agreement authorized under subsection (a) is as follows: 
‘‘(1) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31102, other than section 31102(l), for the fiscal year in which the Secretary approves the financial assistance agreement and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) For grants made or cooperative agree-
ments entered into for carrying out section 31102(l)(2), for the fiscal year in which the Secretary approves the financial assistance agreement and for the next 2 fiscal years. ‘‘(3) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31102(l)(3), for the fiscal year in which the Secretary approves the financial assist-ance agreement and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(4) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31103, for the fiscal year in which the Secretary approves the financial assistance agreement and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(5) For grants made or cooperative agree-
ments entered into for carrying out section 31313, for the fiscal year in which the Sec-retary approves the financial assistance agreement and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from 
the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on Oc-tober 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDING .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended.’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relat-ing to sections 31102, 31103, and 31104 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘31102. Motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram. 
‘‘31103. Commercial motor vehicle operators 
grant program. 
‘‘31104. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S AFETY FITNESS OF OWNERS AND OPER -
ATOR ; SAFETY REVIEWS OF NEW OPERATORS .— 
Section 31144(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
(2) I
NFORMATION SYSTEMS ; PERFORMANCE  
AND REGISTRATION INFORMATION PROGRAM .— 
Section 31106(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (4). 
(3) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
31107 of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 311 of that title, are repealed. 
(4) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT .—Section 31109 
of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 311 of that title, are repealed. 
(5) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—Section 
4126 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
(6) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4128 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
(7) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134 of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
(8) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AS CONDITION  
ON GRANTS TO STATES .—Section 103(c) of the 
Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(9) S
TATE COMPLIANCE WITH CDL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 103(e) of the Motor Carrier 
Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(10) B
ORDER STAFFING STANDARDS .—Section 
218(d) of the Motor Carrier Safety Improve-ment Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31133 note) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘section 
31104(f)(2)(B) of title 49, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3). (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2016. 
(g) T
RANSITION .—Notwithstanding the 
amendments made by this section, the Sec-retary shall carry out sections 31102, 31103, 31104 of title 49, United States Code, and any sections repealed under subsection (e), as necessary, as those sections were in effect on the day before October 1, 2016, with respect to applications for grants, cooperative agree-ments, or contracts under those sections submitted before October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 5102. PERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGE-MENT. 
Section 31106(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended in the subheading by strik-ing ‘‘P
ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S YSTEMS  
MANAGEMENT ’’. 
SEC. 5103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
311 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 31110. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—There is 
authorized to be appropriated from the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Tran-sit Account) for the Secretary of Transpor-tation to pay administrative expenses of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion— 
‘‘(1) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds authorized 
by this section shall be used for— 
‘‘(1) personnel costs; ‘‘(2) administrative infrastructure; ‘‘(3) rent; ‘‘(4) information technology; ‘‘(5) programs for research and technology, 
information management, regulatory devel-opment, and the administration of perform-ance and registration information systems management under section 31106(b); 
‘‘(6) programs for outreach and education 
under subsection (c); 
‘‘(7) other operating expenses; ‘‘(8) conducting safety reviews of new oper-
ators; and 
‘‘(9) such other expenses as may from time 
to time become necessary to implement stat-utory mandates of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration not funded from other sources. 
‘‘(c) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-
duct, through any combination of grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, an internal and external outreach and education program to be administered by the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
an outreach and education project for which a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement is made under this subsection may be up to 100 percent of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—From amounts made avail-
able under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make available not more than $4,000,000 each fiscal year. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from 
the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on Oc-tober 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7557 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(f) C ONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION .—The ap-
proval of funds by the Secretary under this section is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Fed-eral Government’s share of costs.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to subchapter I the following: 
‘‘31110. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ; AUTHORIZA -
TION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 31104 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (i); and (B) by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) 
as subsections (i) and (j), respectively. 
(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER  
SUBSECTION (i).—Section 4116(d) of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31104 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 31104(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31110’’. 
(3) I
NTERNAL COOPERATION .—Section 31161 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 31104(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31110’’. 
(4) SAFETEA–LU; 
OUTREACH AND EDU -
CATION .—Section 4127 of SAFETEA–LU (119 
Stat. 1741; Public Law 109–59), and the item relating to that section in the table of con-tents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 5104. COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LICENSE PRO-
GRAM IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31313 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31313. Commercial driver’s license pro-
gram implementation financial assistance program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall administer a financial assist-ance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(1) S
TATE COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE  
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—In car-
rying out the program, the Secretary may make a grant to a State agency in a fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) to assist the State in complying with 
the requirements of section 31311; 
‘‘(B) in the case of a State that is making 
a good faith effort toward substantial com-pliance with the requirements of section 31311, to improve the State’s implementation of its commercial driver’s license program, including expenses— 
‘‘(i) for computer hardware and software; ‘‘(ii) for publications, testing, personnel, 
training, and quality control; 
‘‘(iii) for commercial driver’s license pro-
gram coordinators; and 
‘‘(iv) to implement or maintain a system 
to notify an employer of an operator of a commercial motor vehicle of the suspension or revocation of the operator’s commercial driver’s license consistent with the stand-ards developed under section 32303(b) of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhance-ment Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 31304 note). 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
may make a grant to or enter into a coopera-tive agreement with a State agency, local government, or any person in a fiscal year for research, development and testing, dem-onstration projects, public education, and other special activities and projects relating to commercial drivers licensing and motor vehicle safety that— 
‘‘(A) benefit all jurisdictions of the United 
States; 
‘‘(B) address national safety concerns and 
circumstances; 
‘‘(C) address emerging issues relating to 
commercial driver’s license improvements; ‘‘(D) support innovative ideas and solu-
tions to commercial driver’s license program issues; or 
‘‘(E) address other commercial driver’s li-
cense issues, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .—A recipient may not 
use financial assistance funds awarded under this section to rent, lease, or buy land or buildings. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall issue an 
annual report on the activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(d) A
PPORTIONMENT .—All amounts made 
available to carry out this section for a fis-cal year shall be apportioned to a recipient described in subsection (a)(2) according to criteria prescribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING .—For fiscal years beginning 
after September 30, 2016, this section shall be funded under section 31104.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 313 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 31313 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘31313. Commercial driver’s license program 
implementation financial as-sistance program.’’. 
SEC. 5105. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY PROGRAMS FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM GRANT EXTENSION .—Section 
31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (10) and (11) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(11) $241,480,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF GRANT PROGRAMS .—Sec-
tion 4101(c) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715; Public Law 109–59) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
The following sums are authorized to be ap-propriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PRO -
GRAM IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—For carrying 
out the commercial driver’s license program improvement grants program under section 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $30,480,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—For 
border enforcement grants under section 31107 of that title $32,512,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION IN -
FORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—For the performance and registration 
information systems management grant pro-gram under section 31109 of that title $5,080,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—For car-
rying out the commercial vehicle informa-tion systems and networks deployment pro-gram under section 4126 of this Act $25,400,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
For safety data improvement grants under section 4128 of this Act $3,048,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
(c) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(j)(2) of title 49, United States Code, as redesignated by this subtitle, is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(d) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) S
ET ASIDE .—The Secretary shall set 
aside from amounts made available under section 31104(a) up to $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 for audits of new entrant motor carriers conducted under this paragraph.’’. 
(e) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) F UNDING .—From amounts made avail-
able under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall make avail-able, $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out this section.’’. 
(f) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4126 of SAFETEA– 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note; 119 Stat. 1738; Pub-lic Law 109–59) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2) by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds deobligated by the Secretary from previous year grants shall not be counted toward the $2,500,000 max-imum aggregate amount for core deploy-ment.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3) by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the develop-ment or updating of program or top level de-sign plans.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(4) by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the devel-opment or updating of program or top level design plans.’’. 
(2) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
PROGRAM .—For fiscal year 2016, the commer-
cial vehicle information systems and net-works deployment program under section 4126 of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109–59) may also be referred to as the in-
novative technology deployment program. 
SEC. 5106. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE 
PROGRAM ALLOCATION. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a motor carrier safety assistance program formula working group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘working group’’). 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the working group shall consist of rep-resentatives of the following: 
(i) The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration. 
(ii) The lead State commercial motor vehi-
cle safety agencies responsible for admin-istering the plan required by section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(iii) An organization representing State 
agencies responsible for enforcing a program for inspection of commercial motor vehicles. 
(iv) Such other persons as the Secretary 
considers necessary. 
(B) C
OMPOSITION .—Representatives of State 
commercial motor vehicle safety agencies shall comprise at least 51 percent of the membership. 
(3) N
EW ALLOCATION FORMULA .—The work-
ing group shall analyze requirements and factors for the establishment of a new alloca-tion formula for the motor carrier assistance program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Not later than 1 
year after the date the working group is es-tablished under paragraph (1), the working group shall make a recommendation to the Secretary regarding a new allocation for-mula for the motor carrier assistance pro-gram. 
(5) E
XEMPTION .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this subsection. 
(6) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration— 
(A) summaries of the meetings of the 
working group; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7558 November 3, 2015 
(B) the final recommendation of the work-
ing group provided to the Secretary. 
(b) N OTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING .— 
After receiving the recommendation of the working group under subsection (a)(4), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister a notice seeking public comment on the establishment of a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance pro-gram. 
(c) B
ASIS FOR FORMULA .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the new allocation formula for the motor carrier assistance program is based on factors that reflect, at a min-imum— 
(1) the relative needs of the States to com-
ply with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) the relative administrative capacities 
of and challenges faced by States in com-plying with that section; 
(3) the average of each State’s new entrant 
motor carrier inventory for the 3-year period prior to the date of enactment of this Act; 
(4) the number of international border in-
spection facilities and border crossings by commercial vehicles in each State; and 
(5) any other factors the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(d) F
UNDING AMOUNTS PRIOR TO DEVELOP -
MENT OF NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) I NTERIM FORMULA .—Prior to the devel-
opment of the new allocation formula for the motor carrier assistance program, the Sec-retary may calculate the interim funding amounts for that program in fiscal year 2017 (and later fiscal years, as necessary) under section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, by using the following methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall calculate the fund-
ing amount to a State using the allocation formula the Secretary used to award motor carrier safety assistance program funding in fiscal year 2016 under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(B) The Secretary shall average the fund-
ing awarded or other equitable amounts to a State in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
(i) border enforcement grants under sec-
tion 31107 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(ii) new entrant audit grants under section 
31144(g)(5) of that title. 
(C) The Secretary shall add the amounts 
calculated in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Subject to the avail-
ability of funding and notwithstanding fluc-tuations in the data elements used by the Secretary, the initial amounts resulting from the calculation described in paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to ensure that, for each State, the amount shall not be less than 97 percent of the average amount of funding re-ceived or other equitable amounts in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
(A) motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram funds awarded to the State under sec-tion 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(B) border enforcement grants awarded to 
the State under section 31107 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) new entrant audit grants awarded to 
the State under section 31144(g)(5) of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) I
MMEDIATE RELIEF .—In developing the 
new allocation formula, the Secretary shall terminate the withholding of motor carrier assistance program funds from a State for at least 3 fiscal years if the State was subject to the withholding of such funds for matters of noncompliance immediately prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
(4) F
UTURE WITHHOLDINGS .—Beginning on 
the date that the new allocation formula for the motor carrier assistance program is im-plemented, the Secretary shall impose all fu-ture withholdings in accordance with section 31102(k) of title 49, United States Code, as 
amended by this subtitle. 
(e) T
ERMINATION OF WORKING GROUP .—The 
working group established under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date of the imple-mentation of a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program. 
SEC. 5107. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT CALCULA-
TION. 
(a) B EFORE NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) F ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—If a new allocation 
formula for the motor carrier safety assist-ance program has not been established under this subtitle for fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary shall calculate for fiscal year 2017 the maintenance of effort baseline required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, by averaging the expenditures for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 required by section 31102(b)(4) of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—The Sec-
retary may use the methodology for calcu-lating the maintenance of effort baseline specified in paragraph (1) for fiscal year 2018 and subsequent fiscal years if a new alloca-tion formula for the motor carrier safety as-sistance program has not been established for that fiscal year. 
(b) B
EGINNING WITHNEWALLOCATION FOR-
MATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3)(B), beginning on the date that a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program is established under this subtitle, upon the request of a State, the Secretary may waive or modify the baseline maintenance of effort required of the State by section 31102(e) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this sub-title, for the purpose of establishing a new baseline maintenance of effort if the Sec-retary determines that a waiver or modifica-tion— 
(A) is equitable due to reasonable cir-
cumstances; 
(B) will ensure the continuation of com-
mercial motor vehicle enforcement activi-ties in the State; and 
(C) is necessary to ensure that the total 
amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under sec-tions 31102 and 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, does not exceed a sum greater than the average of the total amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under those sections for the 3 fiscal years prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT METHODOLOGY .—If re-
quested by a State, the Secretary may mod-ify the maintenance of effort baseline re-ferred to in paragraph (1) for the State ac-cording to the following methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall establish the main-
tenance of effort baseline for the State using the average baseline of fiscal years 2004 and 2005, as required by section 31102(b)(4) of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(B) The Secretary shall calculate the aver-
age required match by a lead State commer-cial motor vehicle safety agency for fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for motor carrier safety assistance grants established at 20 percent by section 31103 of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(C) The Secretary shall calculate the esti-
mated match required under section 31104(b) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle. (D) The Secretary shall subtract the 
amount in subparagraph (B) from the amount in subparagraph (C) and— 
(i) if the number is greater than 0, the Sec-
retary shall subtract the number from the amount in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) if the number is not greater than 0, the 
Secretary shall calculate the maintenance of effort using the methodology in subpara-graph (A). 
(3) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use 
the amount calculated under paragraph (2) as the baseline maintenance of effort re-quired under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this sub-title. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—If a State does not request 
a waiver or modification under this sub-section before September 30 during the first fiscal year that the Secretary implements a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program under this sub-title, the Secretary shall calculate the main-tenance of effort using the methodology de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A). 
(4) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT DESCRIBED .— 
The maintenance of effort calculated under this section is the amount required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle. 
(c) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The 
authority of the Secretary under this section shall terminate effective on the date that a new maintenance of effort baseline is cal-culated based on a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance pro-gram implemented under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
Subtitle B—Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration Reform 
PART I—REGULATORY REFORM 
SEC. 5201. NOTICE OF CANCELLATION OF INSUR-
ANCE. 
Section 13906(e) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or suspend’’ after ‘‘revoke’’. 
SEC. 5202. REGULATIONS. 
Section 31136 of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g) and transferring such subsection to appear at the end of section 31315 of such title; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) R
EGULATORY IMPACT ANALYSIS .—With-
in each regulatory impact analysis of a pro-posed or final rule issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the Secretary shall, whenever practicable— 
‘‘(1) consider the effects of the proposed or 
final rule on different segments of the motor carrier industry; 
‘‘(2) formulate estimates and findings 
based on the best available science; and 
‘‘(3) utilize available data specific to the 
different types of motor carriers, including small and large carriers, and drivers that will be impacted by the proposed or final rule. 
‘‘(g) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a proposed rule pro-
mulgated under this part is likely to lead to the promulgation of a major rule, the Sec-retary, before promulgating such proposed rule, shall— 
‘‘(A) issue an advance notice of proposed 
rulemaking; or 
‘‘(B) proceed with a negotiated rule-
making. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each advance notice 
of proposed rulemaking issued under para-graph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) identify the need for a potential regu-
latory action; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7559 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(B) identify and request public comment 
on the best available science or technical in-formation relevant to analyzing potential regulatory alternatives; 
‘‘(C) request public comment on the avail-
able data and costs with respect to regu-latory alternatives reasonably likely to be considered as part of the rulemaking; and 
‘‘(D) request public comment on available 
alternatives to regulation. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—This subsection does not 
apply to a proposed rule if the Secretary, for good cause, finds (and incorporates the find-ing and a brief statement of reasons for such finding in the proposed or final rule) that an advance notice of proposed rulemaking is impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest. 
‘‘(h) R
EVIEW OF RULES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Once every 5 years, the 
Secretary shall conduct a review of regula-tions issued under this part. 
‘‘(2) S
CHEDULE .—At the beginning of each 
5-year review period, the Secretary shall publish a schedule that sets forth the plan for completing the review under paragraph (1) within 5 years. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION OF CHANGES .—During 
each review period, the Secretary shall ad-dress any changes to the schedule published under paragraph (2) and notify the public of such changes. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .—In con-
ducting a review under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider petitions for regu-latory action under this part received by the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
‘‘(5) A
SSESSMENT .—At the conclusion of 
each review under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation an assessment that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) an inventory of the regulations issued 
during the 5-year period ending on the date on which the assessment is published; 
‘‘(B) a determination of whether the regu-
lations are— 
‘‘(i) consistent and clear; ‘‘(ii) current with the operational realities 
of the motor carrier industry; and 
‘‘(iii) uniformly enforced; and ‘‘(C) an assessment of whether the regula-
tions continue to be necessary. 
‘‘(6) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 2 years 
after the completion of each review under this subsection, the Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to amend regulations as nec-essary to address the determinations made under paragraph (5)(B) and the results of the assessment under paragraph (5)(C). 
‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (f) or (g) may be construed to limit the contents of an advance notice of proposed rulemaking.’’. 
SEC. 5203. GUIDANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) D ATE OF ISSUANCE AND POINT OF CON -
TACT .—Each guidance document issued by 
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration shall have a date of issuance or a date of revision, as applicable, and shall in-clude the name and contact information of a point of contact at the Administration who can respond to questions regarding the guid-ance. 
(2) P
UBLIC ACCESSIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each guidance document 
issued or revised by the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration shall be pub-lished on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department on the date of issuance or revision. 
(B) R
EDACTION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion may redact from a guidance document published under subparagraph (A) any infor-
mation that would reveal investigative tech-niques that would compromise Administra-tion enforcement efforts. 
(3) I
NCORPORATION INTO REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than 5 years after the date on which a guidance document is published under para-graph (2) or during an applicable review under subsection (c), whichever is earlier, the Secretary shall revise regulations to in-corporate the guidance document to the ex-tent practicable. 
(4) R
EISSUANCE .—If a guidance document is 
not incorporated into regulations in accord-ance with paragraph (3), the Administrator shall— 
(A) reissue an updated version of the guid-
ance document; and 
(B) review and reissue an updated version 
of the guidance document every 5 years until the date on which the guidance document is removed or incorporated into applicable reg-ulations. 
(b) I
NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall review all guidance doc-uments published under subsection (a) to en-sure that such documents are current, are readily accessible to the public, and meet the standards specified in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (c)(1). 
(c) R
EGULAR REVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
not less than once every 5 years, the Admin-istrator shall conduct a comprehensive re-view of the guidance documents issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration to determine whether such docu-ments are— 
(A) consistent and clear; (B) uniformly and consistently enforced; 
and 
(C) still necessary. (2) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to begin-
ning a review under paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister a notice and request for comment that solicits input from stakeholders on which guidance documents should be updated or eliminated. 
(3) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date on which a review under para-graph (1) is completed, the Administrator shall publish on a publicly accessible Inter-net Web site of the Department a report de-tailing the review and a full inventory of the guidance documents of the Administration. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—A report under subpara-
graph (A) shall include a summary of the re-sponse of the Administration to each com-ment received under paragraph (2). 
(d) G
UIDANCE DOCUMENT DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘guidance document’’ means a document issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration that— 
(1) provides an interpretation of a regula-
tion of the Administration; or 
(2) includes an enforcement policy of the 
Administration. 
SEC. 5204. PETITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall— 
(1) publish on a publicly accessible Inter-
net Web site of the Department a summary of all petitions for regulatory action sub-mitted to the Administration; 
(2) prioritize the petitions submitted based 
on the likelihood of safety improvements re-sulting from the regulatory action re-quested; 
(3) not later than 180 days after the date a 
summary of a petition is published under paragraph (1), formally respond to such peti-tion by indicating whether the Adminis-trator will accept, deny, or further review the petition; (4) prioritize responses to petitions con-
sistent with a response’s potential to reduce crashes, improve enforcement, and reduce unnecessary burdens; and 
(5) not later than 60 days after the date of 
receipt of a petition, publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Depart-ment an updated inventory of the petitions described in paragraph (1), including any ap-plicable disposition information for those pe-titions. 
(b) P
ETITION DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘petition’’ means a request for a new regulation, a regulatory interpretation or clarification, or a review of a regulation to eliminate or modify an obsolete, ineffective, or overly burdensome regulation. 
PART II—COMPLIANCE, SAFETY, 
ACCOUNTABILITY REFORM 
SEC. 5221. CORRELATION STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion (referred to in this part as the ‘‘Admin-istrator’’) shall commission the National Re-search Council of the National Academies to conduct a study of— 
(1) the Compliance, Safety, Accountability 
program of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (referred to in this part as the ‘‘CSA program’’); and 
(2) the Safety Measurement System uti-
lized by the CSA program (referred to in this part as the ‘‘SMS’’). 
(b) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In carrying out the 
study commissioned pursuant to subsection (a), the National Research Council— 
(1) shall analyze— (A) the accuracy with which the Behavior 
Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (referred to in this part as ‘‘BASIC’’)— 
(i) identify high risk carriers; and (ii) predict or are correlated with future 
crash risk, crash severity, or other safety in-dicators for motor carriers; 
(B) the methodology used to calculate 
BASIC percentiles and identify carriers for enforcement, including the weights assigned to particular violations and the tie between crash risk and specific regulatory violations, with respect to accurately identifying and predicting future crash risk for motor car-riers; 
(C) the relative value of inspection infor-
mation and roadside enforcement data; 
(D) any data collection gaps or data suffi-
ciency problems that may exist and the im-pact of those gaps and problems on the effi-cacy of the CSA program; 
(E) the accuracy of safety data, including 
the use of crash data from crashes in which a motor carrier was free from fault; 
(F) whether BASIC percentiles for motor 
carriers of passengers should be calculated differently than for motor carriers of freight; 
(G) the differences in the rates at which 
safety violations are reported to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for in-clusion in the SMS by various enforcement authorities, including States, territories, and Federal inspectors; and 
(H) how members of the public use the 
SMS and what effect making the SMS infor-mation public has had on reducing crashes and eliminating unsafe motor carriers from the industry; and 
(2) shall consider— (A) whether the SMS provides comparable 
precision and confidence, through SMS alerts and percentiles, for the relative crash risk of individual large and small motor car-riers; 
(B) whether alternatives to the SMS would 
identify high risk carriers more accurately; and 
(C) the recommendations and findings of 
the Comptroller General of the United States and the Inspector General of the Depart-ment, and independent review team reports, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7560 November 3, 2015 
issued before the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
(c) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report con-taining the results of the study commis-sioned pursuant to subsection (a) to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and 
(3) the Inspector General of the Depart-
ment. 
(d) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the Administrator submits the report under subsection (c), if that report identifies a deficiency or opportunity for improvement in the CSA program or in any element of the SMS, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a corrective action plan that— 
(A) responds to the deficiencies or opportu-
nities identified by the report; 
(B) identifies how the Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration will address such deficiencies or opportunities; and 
(C) provides an estimate of the cost, in-
cluding with respect to changes in staffing, enforcement, and data collection, necessary to address such deficiencies or opportunities. 
(2) P
ROGRAM REFORMS .—The corrective ac-
tion plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an implementation plan that— 
(A) includes benchmarks; (B) includes programmatic reforms, revi-
sions to regulations, or proposals for legisla-tion; and 
(C) shall be considered in any rulemaking 
by the Department that relates to the CSA program, including the SMS. 
(e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 120 days after the Administrator sub-mits a corrective action plan under sub-section (d), the Inspector General of the De-partment shall— 
(1) review the extent to which such plan 
implements— 
(A) recommendations contained in the re-
port submitted under subsection (c); and 
(B) relevant recommendations issued by 
the Comptroller General or the Inspector General before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the responsiveness of the corrective action plan to the recommenda-tions described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5222. BEYOND COMPLIANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall incorporate into the CSA program a methodology to allow rec-ognition and an improved SMS score for— 
(1) the installation of advanced safety 
equipment; 
(2) the use of enhanced driver fitness meas-
ures; 
(3) the adoption of fleet safety manage-
ment tools, technologies, and programs; or 
(4) other metrics as determined appro-
priate by the Administrator. 
(b) Q
UALIFICATION .—The Administrator, 
after providing notice and an opportunity for comment, shall develop technical or other performance standards with respect to ad-vanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, fleet safety management tools, technologies, and programs, and other metrics for purposes of subsection (a). (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the incorporation of the methodology under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the number of motor car-
riers receiving recognition and improved scores under such methodology and the safe-ty performance of such carriers. 
SEC. 5223. DATA CERTIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date 
that is 1 day after the date of enactment of this Act, no information regarding analysis of violations, crashes in which a determina-tion is made that the motor carrier or the commercial motor vehicle driver is not at fault, alerts, or the relative percentile for each BASIC developed under the CSA pro-gram may be made available to the public (including through requests under section 552 of title 5, United States Code) until the In-spector General of the Department certifies that— 
(1) the report required under section 5221(c) 
has been submitted in accordance with that section; 
(2) any deficiencies identified in the report 
required under section 5221(c) have been ad-dressed; 
(3) if applicable, the corrective action plan 
under section 5221(d) has been implemented; 
(4) the Administrator of the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration has fully im-plemented or satisfactorily addressed the issues raised in the report titled ‘‘Modifying the Compliance, Safety, Accountability Pro-gram Would Improve the Ability to Identify High Risk Carriers’’ of the Government Ac-countability Office and dated February 2014 (GAO–14–114); and 
(5) the CSA program has been modified in 
accordance with section 5222. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF CSA A NAL-
YSIS.—Information regarding alerts and the 
relative percentile for each BASIC developed under the CSA program may not be used for safety fitness determinations until the In-spector General of the Department makes the certification under subsection (a). 
(c) C
ONTINUED PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF  
DATA.—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this section, inspection and violation in-formation submitted to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration by commer-cial motor vehicle inspectors and qualified law enforcement officials, out-of-service rates, and absolute measures shall remain available to the public. 
(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration and State and local commercial motor vehicle enforcement agencies may use the information referred to in subsection (a) for purposes of investigation and enforce-ment prioritization; and 
(B) a motor carrier and a commercial 
motor vehicle driver may access information referred to in subsection (a) that relates di-rectly to the motor carrier or driver, respec-tively. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to restrict the offi-cial use by State enforcement agencies of the data collected by State enforcement per-sonnel. 
SEC. 5224. INTERIM HIRING STANDARD. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) E NTITY .—The term ‘‘entity’’ means a 
person acting as— 
(A) a shipper, other than an individual 
shipper (as that term is defined in section 13102 of title 49, United States Code), or a consignee; (B) a broker or a freight forwarder (as such 
terms are defined in section 13102 of title 49, United States Code); 
(C) a non-vessel-operating common carrier, 
an ocean freight forwarder, or an ocean transportation intermediary (as such terms are defined in section 40102 of title 46, United States Code); 
(D) an indirect air carrier authorized to op-
erate under a Standard Security Program approved by the Transportation Security Ad-ministration; 
(E) a customs broker licensed in accord-
ance with section 111.2 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations; 
(F) an interchange motor carrier subject to 
paragraphs (1)(B) and (2) of section 13902(i) of title 49, United States Code; or 
(G) a warehouse (as defined in section 7– 
102(13) of the Uniform Commercial Code). 
(2) M
OTOR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘motor car-
rier’’ means a motor carrier (as that term is defined in section 13102 of title 49, United States Code) that is subject to Federal motor carrier financial responsibility and safety regulations. 
(b) H
IRING STANDARD .—Subsection (c) shall 
only be applicable to entities who, before tendering a shipment, but not more than 35 days before the pickup of the shipment by the hired motor carrier, verify that the motor carrier, at the time of such verification— 
(1) is registered with and authorized by the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion to operate as a motor carrier, if applica-ble; 
(2) has the minimum insurance coverage 
required by Federal law; and 
(3) has a satisfactory safety fitness deter-
mination issued by the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration in force. 
(c) I
NTERIM USE OF DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—With respect to an entity 
who completed a verification under sub-section (b), only information regarding the entity’s compliance or noncompliance with subsection (b) may be admitted as evidence or otherwise used against the entity in a civil action for damages resulting from a claim of negligent selection or retention of a motor carrier. 
(2) E
XCLUDED EVIDENCE .—With respect to 
an entity who completed a verification under subsection (b), motor carrier data (other than the information described in paragraph (1)) created or maintained by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, in-cluding SMS data or analysis of such data, may not be admitted into evidence in a case or proceeding in which it is asserted or al-leged that the entity’s selection or retention of a motor carrier was negligent. 
(d) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be 
effective on the date on which the Inspector General of the Department makes the cer-tification under section 5223(a). 
Subtitle C—Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety 
SEC. 5301. IMPLEMENTING SAFETY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) N ATIONAL CLEARINGHOUSE FOR CON-
TROLLED SUBSTANCE AND ALCOHOL TESTRE-
SULTS OF COMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPER-
ATORS .—If the deadline established under 
section 31306a(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, has not been met, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written no-tification that— 
(1) explains why such deadline has not been 
met; and 
(2) establishes a new deadline for comple-
tion of the requirements of such section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7561 November 3, 2015 
(b) E LECTRONIC LOGGING DEVICES .—If the 
deadline established under section 31137(a) of title 49, United States Code, has not been met, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written notification that— 
(1) explains why such deadline has not been 
met; and 
(2) establishes a new deadline for comple-
tion of the requirements of such section. 
(c) S
TANDARDS FOR TRAINING .—If the dead-
line established under section 31305(c) of title 49, United States Code, has not been met, not later than 30 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written no-tification that— 
(1) explains why such deadline has not been 
met; and 
(2) establishes a new deadline for comple-
tion of the requirements of such section. 
(d) F
URTHER RESPONSIBILITIES .—If the Sec-
retary determines that a deadline estab-lished under subsection (a)(2), (b)(2), or (c)(2) cannot be met, not later than 30 days after the date on which such determination is made, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written no-tification that— 
(1) explains why such deadline cannot be 
met; and 
(2) establishes a new deadline for comple-
tion of the relevant requirements. 
SEC. 5302. WINDSHIELD MOUNTED SAFETY TECH-
NOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue regulations to modify section 393.60(e)(1) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to permanently allow the vol-untary mounting on the inside of a vehicle’s windshield, within the area swept by wind-shield wipers, of vehicle safety technologies, if the Secretary determines that such mounting is likely to achieve a level of safe-ty that is equivalent to, or greater than, the level of safety that would be achieved with-out such mounting. 
(b) V
EHICLE SAFETY TECHNOLOGY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘vehicle 
safety technology’’ includes lane departure warning systems, collision avoidance sys-tems, on-board video event recording de-vices, and any other technology determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to alter the terms of a short-term exemption from sec-tion 393.60(e) of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, granted and in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5303. PRIORITIZING STATUTORY 
RULEMAKINGS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration shall prioritize the completion of each out-standing rulemaking required by statute be-fore beginning any other rulemaking, unless the Secretary determines that there is a sig-nificant need for such other rulemaking. 
SEC. 5304. SAFETY REPORTING SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of 
Representatives a report on the cost and fea-sibility of establishing a self-reporting sys-tem for commercial motor vehicle drivers or motor carriers with respect to en route equipment failures. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of— (A) alternatives for the reporting of equip-
ment failures in real time, including an Internet Web site or telephone hotline; 
(B) the ability of a commercial motor vehi-
cle driver or a motor carrier to provide to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration proof of repair of a self-reported equipment failure; 
(C) the ability of the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration to ensure that self-re-ported equipment failures proven to be re-paired are not used in the calculation of Be-havior Analysis and Safety Improvement Category scores; 
(D) the ability of roadside inspectors to ac-
cess self-reported equipment failures; 
(E) the cost to establish and administer a 
self-reporting system; 
(F) the ability for a self-reporting system 
to track individual commercial motor vehi-cles through unique identifiers; and 
(G) whether a self-reporting system would 
yield demonstrable safety benefits; 
(2) an identification of any regulatory or 
statutory impediments to the implementa-tion of a self-reporting system; and 
(3) recommendations on implementing a 
self-reporting system. 
SEC. 5305. NEW ENTRANT SAFETY REVIEW PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct an assessment of the new operator safe-ty review program under section 31144(g) of title 49, United States Code, including the program’s effectiveness in reducing crashes, fatalities, and injuries involving commercial motor vehicles and improving commercial motor vehicle safety. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the results of the assess-ment conducted under subsection (a), includ-ing any recommendations for improving the effectiveness of the program (including rec-ommendations for legislative changes). 
SEC. 5306. READY MIXED CONCRETE TRUCKS. 
A driver of a ready mixed concrete mixer 
truck is exempt from section 3(a)(3)(ii) of part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, if the driver is in compliance with clauses (i), (iii), (iv), and (v) of subsection (e)(1) of section 1 of part 395 of such title (re-garding the 100 air-mile logging exemption). 
Subtitle D—Commercial Motor Vehicle 
Drivers 
SEC. 5401. OPPORTUNITIES FOR VETERANS. 
(a) S TANDARDS FOR TRAINING AND TESTING  
OFVETERAN OPERATORS .—Section 31305 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
TANDARDS FOR TRAINING AND TESTING  
OFVETERAN OPERATORS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 
31, 2016, the Secretary shall modify the regu-lations prescribed under subsections (a) and (c) to— 
‘‘(A) exempt a covered individual from all 
or a portion of a driving test if the covered individual had experience in the armed forces or reserve components driving vehi-cles similar to a commercial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(B) ensure that a covered individual may 
apply for an exemption under subparagraph (A) during, at least, the 1-year period begin-
ning on the date on which such individual separates from service in the armed forces or reserve components; and 
‘‘(C) credit the training and knowledge a 
covered individual received in the armed forces or reserve components driving vehi-cles similar to a commercial motor vehicle for purposes of satisfying minimum stand-ards for training and knowledge. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions apply: 
‘‘(A) A RMED FORCES .—The term ‘armed 
forces’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(4) of title 10. 
‘‘(B) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-
ered individual’ means— 
‘‘(i) a former member of the armed forces; 
or 
‘‘(ii) a former member of the reserve com-
ponents. 
‘‘(C) R ESERVE COMPONENTS .—The term ‘re-
serve components’ means— 
‘‘(i) the Army National Guard of the 
United States; 
‘‘(ii) the Army Reserve; ‘‘(iii) the Navy Reserve; ‘‘(iv) the Marine Corps Reserve; ‘‘(v) the Air National Guard of the United 
States; 
‘‘(vi) the Air Force Reserve; and ‘‘(vii) the Coast Guard Reserve.’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF THE MILITARY COM-
MERCIAL DRIVER ’SLICENSE ACT.—Not later 
than December 31, 2015, the Secretary shall issue final regulations to implement the ex-emption to the domicile requirement under section 31311(a)(12)(C) of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
31311(a)(12)(C)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) is an active duty member of— ‘‘(I) the armed forces (as that term is de-
fined in section 101(a)(4) of title 10); or 
‘‘(II) the reserve components (as that term 
is defined in section 31305(d)(2)(C) of this title); and’’. 
SEC. 5402. DRUG-FREE COMMERCIAL DRIVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31306 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(B) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘The 
regulations shall permit such motor carriers to conduct preemployment testing of such employees for the use of alcohol.’’; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) The regulations prescribed under sub-
paragraph (A) shall permit motor carriers— 
‘‘(i) to conduct preemployment testing of 
commercial motor vehicle operators for the use of alcohol; and 
‘‘(ii) to use hair testing as an acceptable 
alternative to urine testing— 
‘‘(I) in conducting preemployment testing 
for the use of a controlled substance; and 
‘‘(II) in conducting random testing for the 
use of a controlled substance if the operator was subject to hair testing for preemploy-ment testing.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) shall provide an exemption from hair 
testing for commercial motor vehicle opera-tors with established religious beliefs that prohibit the cutting or removal of hair.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7562 November 3, 2015 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by inserting ‘‘for urine testing, and tech-nical guidelines for hair testing,’’ before ‘‘in-cluding mandatory guidelines’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) laboratory protocols and cut-off levels 
for hair testing to detect the use of a con-trolled substance;’’. 
(b) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue scientific and technical guidelines for hair testing as a method of detecting the use of a controlled substance for purposes of section 31306 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 5403. CERTIFIED MEDICAL EXAMINERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31315(b)(1) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or section 31136’’ and inserting ‘‘, sec-tion 31136, or section 31149(d)(3)’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
31149(d)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, unless the person issuing the certificate is the subject of an ex-emption issued under section 31315(b)(1)’’ be-fore the semicolon. 
SEC. 5404. GRADUATED COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S 
LICENSE PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) T ASKFORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
vene a task force to evaluate and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on elements for inclusion in a graduated commercial driver’s license pilot program that would allow a novice licensed driver between the ages of 19 years and 6 months and 21 years to safely operate a commercial motor vehicle in a limited capacity in interstate commerce between States that enter into a bi-State agreement. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The task force convened 
under paragraph (1) shall include representa-tives of State motor vehicle administrators, motor carriers, labor organizations, safety advocates, and other stakeholders deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary. 
(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The task force con-
vened under paragraph (1) shall evaluate and make recommendations on the following ele-ments for inclusion in a graduated commer-cial driver’s license pilot program: 
(A) A specified length of time for a learn-
er’s permit stage. 
(B) A requirement that drivers under the 
age of 21 years be accompanied by experi-enced drivers over the age of 21 years. 
(C) A restriction on travel distances. (D) A restriction on maximum allowable 
driving hours. 
(E) Mandatory driver training that exceeds 
the requirements for drivers over the age of 21 years issued by the Secretary under sec-tion 31305(c) of title 49, United States Code. 
(F) Use of certain safety technologies in 
the vehicles of drivers under the age of 21 years. 
(G) Any other element the task force con-
siders appropriate. 
(4) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force convened under paragraph (1) shall recommend to the Secretary the ele-ments the task force has determined appro-priate for inclusion in a graduated commer-cial driver’s license pilot program. 
(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
receiving the recommendations of the task force under subsection (a), the Secretary shall establish a graduated commercial driv-er’s license pilot program in accordance with such recommendations and section 31315(c) of title 49, United States Code. (2) P
RE-ESTABLISHMENT REQUIREMENTS .— 
Prior to the establishment of the pilot pro-gram under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— 
(A) submit to Congress a report outlining 
the recommendations of the task force re-ceived under subsection (a); and 
(B) publish in the Federal Register, and 
provide sufficient notice of and an oppor-tunity for public comment on, the— 
(i) proposed requirements for State and 
driver participation in the pilot program, based on the recommendations of the task force and consistent with paragraph (3); 
(ii) measures the Secretary will utilize 
under the pilot program to ensure safety; and 
(iii) standards the Secretary will use to 
evaluate the pilot program, including to de-termine any changes in the level of motor carrier safety as a result of the pilot pro-gram. 
(3) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The pilot program 
established under paragraph (1)— 
(A) may not allow an individual under the 
age of 19 years and 6 months to participate; 
(B) may not allow a driver between the 
ages of 19 years and 6 months and 21 years to— 
(i) operate a commercial motor vehicle in 
special configuration; or 
(ii) transport hazardous cargo; (C) shall be carried out in a State (includ-
ing the District of Columbia) only if the Gov-ernor of the State (or the Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia, if applicable) approves an agreement with a contiguous State to allow a licensed driver under the age of 21 years to operate a commercial motor vehicle across both States in accordance with the pilot pro-gram; 
(D) may not recognize more than 6 agree-
ments described in subparagraph (C); 
(E) may not allow more than 10 motor car-
riers to participate in the pilot program under each agreement described in subpara-graph (C); 
(F) shall require each motor carrier par-
ticipating in the pilot program under an agreement described in subparagraph (C) to— 
(i) have in effect a satisfactory safety fit-
ness determination that was issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion during the 2-year period preceding the date of the Federal Register publication re-quired under paragraph (2)(B); and 
(ii) agree to have its safety performance 
monitored by the Secretary during participa-tion in the pilot program; 
(G) shall allow for the revocation of a 
motor carrier’s participation in the pilot program if a State or the Secretary deter-mines that the motor carrier violated the re-quirements, including safety requirements, of the pilot program; and 
(H) shall ensure that a valid graduated 
commercial driver’s license issued by a State that has entered into an agreement described in subparagraph (C) and is approved by the Secretary to participate in the pilot program is recognized as valid in both States that are participating in the agreement. 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .— 
(1) M ONITORING .—The Inspector General of 
the Department of Transportation shall monitor and review the implementation of the pilot program established under sub-section (b). 
(2) R
EPORT .—The Inspector General shall 
submit to Congress and the Secretary— 
(A) not later than 1 year after the estab-
lishment of the pilot program under sub-section (b), an interim report on the results of the review conducted under paragraph (1); and 
(B) not later than 60 days after the conclu-
sion of the pilot program, a final report on the results of the review conducted under 
paragraph (1). 
(3) A
DDITIONAL CONTENTS .— 
(A) I NTERIM REPORT .—The interim report 
required under paragraph (2)(A) shall address whether the Secretary has established suffi-cient mechanisms and generated sufficient data to determine if the pilot program is having any adverse effects on motor carrier safety. 
(B) F
INAL REPORT .—The final report re-
quired under paragraph (2)(B) shall address the impact of the pilot program on— 
(i) safety; and (ii) the number of commercial motor vehi-
cle drivers available for employment. 
SEC. 5405. VETERANS EXPANDED TRUCKING OP-
PORTUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a physi-
cian-approved veteran operator, the qualified physician of such operator may, subject to the requirements of subsection (b), perform a medical examination and provide a medical certificate for purposes of compliance with the requirements of section 31149 of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-
scribed under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) assurances that the physician per-
forming the medical examination meets the requirements of a qualified physician under this section; and 
(2) certification that the physical condi-
tion of the operator is adequate to enable such operator to operate a commercial motor vehicle safely. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) P HYSICIAN -APPROVED VETERAN OPER -
ATOR .—The term ‘‘physician-approved vet-
eran operator’’ means an operator of a com-mercial motor vehicle who— 
(A) is a veteran who is enrolled in the 
health care system established under section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code; and 
(B) is required to have a current valid med-
ical certificate pursuant to section 31149 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) Q
UALIFIED PHYSICIAN .—The term ‘‘quali-
fied physician’’ means a physician who— 
(A) is employed in the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs; 
(B) is familiar with the standards for, and 
physical requirements of, an operator cer-tified pursuant to section 31149 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) has never, with respect such section, 
been found to have acted fraudulently, in-cluding by fraudulently awarding a medical certificate. 
(3) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(d) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to change any statutory penalty associated with fraud or abuse. 
Subtitle E—General Provisions 
SEC. 5501. MINIMUM FINANCIAL RESPONSI-
BILITY. 
(a) T RANSPORTING PROPERTY .—If the Sec-
retary proceeds with a rulemaking to deter-mine whether to increase the minimum lev-els of financial responsibility required under section 31139 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall consider, prior to issuing a final rule— 
(1) the rulemaking’s potential impact on— (A) the safety of motor vehicle transpor-
tation; and 
(B) the motor carrier industry, including 
small and minority motor carriers and inde-pendent owner-operators; 
(2) the ability of the insurance industry to 
provide the required amount of insurance; 
(3) the extent to which current minimum 
levels of financial responsibility adequately cover— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7563 November 3, 2015 
(A) medical care; 
(B) compensation; (C) attorney fees; and (D) other identifiable costs; (4) the frequency with which insurance 
claims exceed current minimum levels of fi-nancial responsibility in fatal accidents; and 
(5) the impact of increased levels on motor 
carrier safety and accident reduction. 
(b) T
RANSPORTING PASSENGERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Prior to initiating a rule-
making to change the minimum levels of fi-nancial responsibility under section 31138 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall complete a study specific to the min-imum financial responsibility requirements for motor carriers of passengers. 
(2) S
TUDY CONTENTS .—A study under para-
graph (1) shall include— 
(A) a review of accidents, injuries, and fa-
talities in the over-the-road bus and school bus industries; 
(B) a review of insurance held by over-the- 
road bus and public and private school bus companies, including companies of various sizes, and an analysis of whether such insur-ance is adequate to cover claims; 
(C) an analysis of whether and how insur-
ance affects the behavior and safety record of motor carriers of passengers, including with respect to crash reduction; and 
(D) an analysis of the anticipated impacts 
of an increase in financial responsibility on insurance premiums for passenger carriers and service availability. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting a study 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sult with— 
(A) representatives of the over-the-road 
bus and private school bus transportation in-dustries, including representatives of bus drivers; and 
(B) insurers of motor carriers of pas-
sengers. 
(4) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary undertakes a 
study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 5502. DELAYS IN GOODS MOVEMENT. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Department shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the average length of time that op-erators of commercial motor vehicles are de-layed before the loading and unloading of such vehicles and at other points in the pick- up and delivery process. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include— 
(A) an assessment of how delays impact— (i) the economy; (ii) the efficiency of the transportation 
system; 
(iii) motor carrier safety, including the ex-
tent to which delays result in violations of motor carrier safety regulations; and 
(iv) the livelihood of motor carrier drivers; 
and 
(B) recommendations on how delays could 
be mitigated. 
(b) C
OLLECTION OF DATA.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish by regula-tion a process to collect data on delays expe-rienced by operators of commercial motor vehicles before the loading and unloading of such vehicles and at other points in the pick- up and delivery process. SEC. 5503. REPORT ON MOTOR CARRIER FINAN-
CIAL RESPONSIBILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Secretary shall publish on a pub-
licly accessible Internet Web site of the De-partment a report on the minimum levels of financial responsibility required under sec-tion 31139 of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include an analysis of— 
(1) the differences between State insurance 
requirements and Federal requirements; 
(2) the extent to which current minimum 
levels of financial responsibility adequately cover— 
(A) medical care; (B) compensation; (C) attorney fees; and (D) other identifiable costs; and (3) the frequency with which insurance 
claims exceed the current minimum levels of financial responsibility. 
SEC. 5504. EMERGENCY ROUTE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group to determine best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recov-ery. 
(2) M
EMBERS .—The working group shall in-
clude representatives from— 
(A) State highway transportation depart-
ments or agencies; 
(B) relevant modal agencies within the De-
partment; 
(C) emergency response or recovery ex-
perts; 
(D) relevant safety groups; and (E) entities affected by special permit re-
strictions during emergency response and re-covery efforts. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining best 
practices under subsection (a), the working group shall consider whether— 
(1) impediments currently exist that pre-
vent expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recovery; 
(2) it is possible to pre-identify and estab-
lish emergency routes between States through which infrastructure repair mate-rials could be delivered following a natural disaster or emergency; 
(3) a State could pre-designate an emer-
gency route identified under paragraph (2) as a certified emergency route if a motor vehi-cle that exceeds the otherwise applicable Federal and State truck length or width lim-its may safely operate along such route dur-ing periods of declared emergency and recov-ery from such periods; and 
(4) an online map could be created to iden-
tify each pre-designated emergency route under paragraph (3), including information on specific limitations, obligations, and noti-fication requirements along that route. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit to the Secretary a re-port on its findings under this section and any recommendations for the implementa-tion of best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles in-volved in emergency response and recovery. 
(2) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date the Secretary receives the re-port under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall publish the report on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date the Secretary receives the re-port under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the 
Senate on the actions the Secretary and the States have taken to implement the rec-ommendations included in the report. 
(e) E
XEMPTION .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate 1 year after the date the Secretary receives the report under subsection (c)(1). 
SEC. 5505. HOUSEHOLD GOODS CONSUMER PRO-
TECTION WORKING GROUP. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .—The Secretary shall 
establish a working group for the purpose of developing recommendations on how to best convey to inexperienced consumers the in-formation such consumers need to know with respect to the Federal laws concerning the interstate transportation of household goods by motor carrier. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the working group is comprised of individuals with expertise in consumer af-fairs, educators with expertise in how people learn most effectively, and representatives of the household goods moving industry. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(1) C ONTENTS .—The recommendations de-
veloped by the working group shall include recommendations on— 
(A) condensing publication ESA 03005 of 
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration into a format that is more easily used by consumers; 
(B) using state-of-the-art education tech-
niques and technologies, including opti-mizing the use of the Internet as an edu-cational tool; and 
(C) reducing and simplifying the paper-
work required of motor carriers and shippers in interstate transportation. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act— 
(A) the working group shall make the rec-
ommendations described in paragraph (1); and 
(B) the Secretary shall publish the rec-
ommendations on a publicly accessible Inter-net Web site of the Department. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the working group makes its recommendations under subsection (c)(2), the Secretary shall issue a report to Con-gress on the implementation of such rec-ommendations. 
(e) E
XEMPTION .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate 1 year after the date the working group makes its recommendations under subsection (c)(2). 
SEC. 5506. TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a comprehensive analysis of the information technology and data collec-tion and management systems of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) evaluate the efficacy of the existing in-
formation technology, data collection, proc-essing systems, data correction procedures, and data management systems and pro-grams, including their interaction with each other and their efficacy in meeting user needs; 
(2) identify any redundancies among the 
systems, procedures, and programs described in paragraph (1); 
(3) explore the feasibility of consolidating 
data collection and processing systems; 
(4) evaluate the ability of the systems, pro-
cedures, and programs described in para-graph (1) to meet the needs of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7564 November 3, 2015 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration, at both the headquarters and State levels; 
(B) the State agencies that implement the 
motor carrier safety assistance program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) other users; (5) evaluate the adaptability of the sys-
tems, procedures, and programs described in paragraph (1), in order to make necessary fu-ture changes to ensure user needs are met in an easier, timely, and more cost-efficient manner; 
(6) investigate and make recommendations 
regarding— 
(A) deficiencies in existing data sets im-
pacting program effectiveness; and 
(B) methods to improve user interfaces; 
and 
(7) identify the appropriate role the Fed-
eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration should take with respect to software and in-formation systems design, development, and maintenance for the purpose of improving the efficacy of the systems, procedures, and programs described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5507. NOTIFICATION REGARDING MOTOR 
CARRIER REGISTRATION. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written notification of the actions the Sec-retary is taking to ensure, to the greatest extent practicable, that each application for registration under section 13902 of title 49, United States Code, is processed not later than 30 days after the date on which the ap-plication is received by the Secretary. 
SEC. 5508. REPORT ON COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S 
LICENSE SKILLS TEST DELAYS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and each year there-after, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report that— 
(1) describes, for each State, the status of 
skills testing for applicants for a commercial driver’s license, including— 
(A) the average wait time, by month and 
location, from the date an applicant requests to take a skills test to the date the applicant completes such test; 
(B) the average wait time, by month and 
location, from the date an applicant, upon failure of a skills test, requests a retest to the date the applicant completes such retest; 
(C) the actual number of qualified commer-
cial driver’s license examiners, by month and location, available to test applicants; and 
(D) the number of testing sites available 
through the State department of motor vehi-cles and whether this number has increased or decreased from the previous year; and 
(2) describes specific steps that the Admin-
istrator is taking to address skills testing delays in States that have average skills test or retest wait times of more than 7 days from the date an applicant requests to test or retest to the date the applicant completes such test or retest. 
SEC. 5509. COVERED FARM VEHICLES. 
Section 32934(b)(1) of MAP–21 (49 U.S.C. 
31136 note) is amended by striking ‘‘from’’ and all that follows through the period at end and inserting the following: ‘‘from— 
‘‘(A) a requirement described in subsection 
(a) or a compatible State requirement; or 
‘‘(B) any other minimum standard provided 
by a State relating to the operation of that vehicle.’’. SEC. 5510. OPERATORS OF HI-RAIL VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a commer-
cial motor vehicle driver subject to the hours of service requirements in part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, who is driving a hi-rail vehicle, the maximum on duty time under section 395.3 of such title for such driver shall not include time in trans-portation to or from a duty assignment if such time in transportation— 
(1) does not exceed 2 hours per calendar 
day or a total of 30 hours per calendar month; and 
(2) is fully and accurately accounted for in 
records to be maintained by the motor car-rier and such records are made available upon request of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration or the Federal Rail-road Administration. 
(b) E
MERGENCY .—In the case of a train ac-
cident, an act of God, a train derailment, or a major equipment failure or track condition that prevents a train from advancing, a driv-er described in subsection (a) may complete a run without being in violation of the provi-sions of part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(c) H
I-RAILVEHICLE DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘hi-rail vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term in section 214.7 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5511. ELECTRONIC LOGGING DEVICE RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
Section 31137(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C) by striking ‘‘apply 
to’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3), apply to’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A motor carrier, when 
transporting a motor home or recreation ve-hicle trailer within the definition of the term ‘driveaway-towaway operation’ (as de-fined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations), may comply with the hours of service requirements by requiring each driver to use— 
‘‘(A) a paper record of duty status form; or ‘‘(B) an electronic logging device.’’. 
SEC. 5512. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 49.—Title 49, United States Code, 
is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 13902(i)(2) is amended by insert-
ing ‘‘except as’’ before ‘‘described’’. 
(2) Section 13903(d) is amended by striking 
‘‘(d) R EGISTRATION AS MOTOR CARRIER RE-
QUIRED .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) 
IN GENERAL .—A freight forwarder’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(d) R EGISTRATION AS MOTOR CARRIER  
REQUIRED .—A freight forwarder’’. 
(3) Section 13905(d)(2)(D) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘the Secretary finds that— 
’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(i) the motor carrier,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary finds that the motor carrier,’’; and 
(B) by adding a period at the end. (4) Section 14901(h) is amended by striking 
‘‘H
OUSEHOLD GOODS ’’ in the heading. 
(5) Section 14916 is amended by striking the 
section designation and heading and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘§ 14916. Unlawful brokerage activities’’. 
(b) MAP–21.—Effective as of July 6, 2012, 
and as if included therein as enacted, MAP– 21 (Public Law 112–141) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 32108(a)(4) (126 Stat. 782) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘for’’ before ‘‘each ad-ditional day’’ in the matter proposed to be struck. 
(2) Section 32301(b)(3) (126 Stat. 786) is 
amended by striking ‘‘by amending (a) to read as follows:’’ and inserting ‘‘by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following:’’. 
(3) Section 32302(c)(2)(B) (126 Stat. 789) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 32303(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 32302(c)(1)’’. (4) Section 32921(b) (126 Stat. 828) is amend-
ed, in the matter to be inserted, by striking ‘‘(A) In addition’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition’’. 
(5) Section 32931(c) (126 Stat. 829) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ in the matter to be struck; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ in the matter to be inserted. 
(c) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY IMPROVEMENT  
ACT OF 1999.—Section 229(a)(1) of the Motor 
Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31136 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 49, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘sec-tions 31136 and 31502’’. 
SEC. 5513. AUTOMOBILE TRANSPORTER. 
Section 31111(b)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (F) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) imposes a vehicle length limitation of 
less than 80 feet on a stinger-steered auto-mobile transporter with a front overhang of less than 4 feet and a rear overhang of less than 6 feet.’’. 
SEC. 5514. READY MIX CONCRETE DELIVERY VE-
HICLES. 
Section 31502 of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) R
EADY MIXED CONCRETE DELIVERY VE-
HICLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, regulations issued under this section or section 31136 (including section 1(e)(1)(ii) of part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) regarding reporting, recordkeeping, or documentation of duty status, shall not apply to any driver of a ready mixed concrete delivery vehicle if— 
‘‘(A) the driver operates within a 100 air- 
mile radius of the normal work reporting lo-cation; 
‘‘(B) the driver returns to the work report-
ing location and is released from work with-in 14 consecutive hours; 
‘‘(C) the driver has at least 10 consecutive 
hours off duty following each 14 hours on duty; 
‘‘(D) the driver does not exceed 11 hours 
maximum driving time following 10 consecu-tive hours off duty; and 
‘‘(E) the motor carrier that employs the 
driver maintains and retains for a period of 6 months accurate and true time records that show— 
‘‘(i) the time the driver reports for duty 
each day; 
‘‘(ii) the total number of hours the driver 
is on duty each day; 
‘‘(iii) the time the driver is released from 
duty each day; and 
‘‘(iv) the total time for the preceding driv-
ing week the driver is used for the first time or intermittently. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘driver of ready mixed concrete delivery ve-hicle’ means a driver of a vehicle designed to deliver ready mixed concrete on a daily basis and is equipped with a mechanism under which the vehicle’s propulsion engine pro-vides the power to operate a mixer drum to agitate and mix the product en route to the delivery site.’’. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Transpor-
tation for Tomorrow Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 6002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following amounts 
are authorized to be appropriated out of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7565 November 3, 2015 
Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass 
Transit Account): 
(1) H IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—To carry out section 503(b) of 
title 23, United States Code, $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(2) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOY -
MENT PROGRAM .—To carry out section 503(c) 
of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $67,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2021. (3) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—To carry out 
section 504 of title 23, United States Code $24,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(4) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out sections 512 through 
518 of title 23, United States Code $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(5) U
NIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CENTERS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out section 5505 of title 
49, United States Code— 
(A) $72,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $77,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $77,500,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $77,500,000 for fiscal year 2021. (6) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS -
TICS.—To carry out chapter 63 of title 49, 
United States Code, $26,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23, U NITED  
STATES CODE.—Funds authorized to be appro-
priated by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be available for obligation in the same 
manner as if those funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, except that the Federal share of the cost of a project or activity carried out using those funds shall be 80 percent, unless other-wise expressly provided by this Act (includ-ing the amendments by this Act) or other-wise determined by the Secretary; and 
(2) remain available until expended and not 
be transferable, except as otherwise provided in this Act. 
SEC. 6003. ADVANCED TRANSPORTATION AND 
CONGESTION MANAGEMENT TECH-NOLOGIES DEPLOYMENT. 
Section 503(c) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) A
DVANCED TRANSPORTATION TECH -
NOLOGIES DEPLOYMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall establish an ad-vanced transportation and congestion man-agement technologies deployment initiative to provide grants to eligible entities to de-velop model deployment sites for large scale installation and operation of advanced trans-portation technologies to improve safety, ef-ficiency, system performance, and infra-structure return on investment. 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall de-
velop criteria for selection of an eligible en-tity to receive a grant under this paragraph, including how the deployment of technology will— 
‘‘(i) reduce costs and improve return on in-
vestments, including through the enhanced use of existing transportation capacity; 
‘‘(ii) deliver environmental benefits that 
alleviate congestion and streamline traffic flow; 
‘‘(iii) measure and improve the operational 
performance of the applicable transportation network; 
‘‘(iv) reduce the number and severity of 
traffic crashes and increase driver, pas-senger, and pedestrian safety; ‘‘(v) collect, disseminate, and use real-time 
traffic, transit, parking, and other transpor-tation-related information to improve mobil-ity, reduce congestion, and provide for more efficient and accessible transportation; 
‘‘(vi) monitor transportation assets to im-
prove infrastructure management, reduce maintenance costs, prioritize investment de-cisions, and ensure a state of good repair; 
‘‘(vii) deliver economic benefits by reduc-
ing delays, improving system performance, and providing for the efficient and reliable movement of goods and services; or 
‘‘(viii) accelerate the deployment of vehi-
cle-to-vehicle, vehicle-to-infrastructure, au-tonomous vehicles, and other technologies. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) R EQUEST .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this para-graph, and for every fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall request applications in accordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under this subparagraph shall include the following: 
‘‘(I) P
LAN.—A plan to deploy and provide 
for the long-term operation and maintenance of advanced transportation and congestion management technologies to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and return on investment. 
‘‘(II) O
BJECTIVES .—Quantifiable system 
performance improvements, such as— 
‘‘(aa) reducing traffic-related crashes, con-
gestion, and costs; 
‘‘(bb) optimizing system efficiency; and ‘‘(cc) improving access to transportation 
services. 
‘‘(III) R
ESULTS .—Quantifiable safety, mo-
bility, and environmental benefit projections such as data-driven estimates of how the project will improve the region’s transpor-tation system efficiency and reduce traffic congestion. 
‘‘(IV) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—A plan for 
partnering with the private sector or public agencies, including multimodal and multi-jurisdictional entities, research institutions, organizations representing transportation and technology leaders, or other transpor-tation stakeholders. 
‘‘(V) L
EVERAGING .—A plan to leverage and 
optimize existing local and regional ad-vanced transportation technology invest-ments. 
‘‘(D) G
RANT SELECTION .— 
‘‘(i) G RANT AWARDS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this para-graph, and for every fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall award grants to not less than 5 and not more than 8 eligible entities. 
‘‘(ii) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—In awarding 
a grant under this paragraph, the Secretary shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grant recipients represent diverse geographic areas of the United States. 
‘‘(E) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—A grant recipi-
ent may use funds awarded under this para-graph to deploy advanced transportation and congestion management technologies, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) advanced traveler information sys-
tems; 
‘‘(ii) advanced transportation management 
technologies; 
‘‘(iii) infrastructure maintenance, moni-
toring, and condition assessment; 
‘‘(iv) advanced public transportation sys-
tems; 
‘‘(v) transportation system performance 
data collection, analysis, and dissemination systems; 
‘‘(vi) advanced safety systems, including 
vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastruc-ture communications, technologies associ-ated with autonomous vehicles, and other collision avoidance technologies, including systems using cellular technology; ‘‘(vii) integration of intelligent transpor-
tation systems with the Smart Grid and other energy distribution and charging sys-tems; 
‘‘(viii) electronic pricing and payment sys-
tems; or 
‘‘(ix) advanced mobility and access tech-
nologies, such as dynamic ridesharing and information systems to support human serv-ices for elderly and disabled individuals. 
‘‘(F) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Not later 
than 1 year after an eligible entity receives a grant under this paragraph, and each year thereafter, the entity shall submit a report to the Secretary that describes— 
‘‘(i) deployment and operational costs of 
the project compared to the benefits and sav-ings the project provides; and 
‘‘(ii) how the project has met the original 
expectations projected in the deployment plan submitted with the application, such as— 
‘‘(I) data on how the project has helped re-
duce traffic crashes, congestion, costs, and other benefits of the deployed systems; 
‘‘(II) data on the effect of measuring and 
improving transportation system perform-ance through the deployment of advanced technologies; 
‘‘(III) the effectiveness of providing real- 
time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to the public to make informed travel deci-sions; and 
‘‘(IV) lessons learned and recommendations 
for future deployment strategies to optimize transportation efficiency and multimodal system performance. 
‘‘(G) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date that the first grant is awarded under this paragraph, and each year there-after, the Secretary shall make available to the public on an Internet Web site a report that describes the effectiveness of grant re-cipients in meeting their projected deploy-ment plans, including data provided under subparagraph (F) on how the program has— 
‘‘(i) reduced traffic-related fatalities and 
injuries; 
‘‘(ii) reduced traffic congestion and im-
proved travel time reliability; 
‘‘(iii) reduced transportation-related emis-
sions; 
‘‘(iv) optimized multimodal system per-
formance; 
‘‘(v) improved access to transportation al-
ternatives; 
‘‘(vi) provided the public with access to 
real-time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to make informed travel decisions; 
‘‘(vii) provided cost savings to transpor-
tation agencies, businesses, and the trav-eling public; or 
‘‘(viii) provided other benefits to transpor-
tation users and the general public. 
‘‘(H) A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—The Secretary 
may cease to provide additional grant funds to a recipient of a grant under this para-graph if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines from such re-
cipient’s report that the recipient is not car-rying out the requirements of the grant; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary provides written notice 
60 days prior to withholding funds to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. 
‘‘(I) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—From funds made avail-
able to carry out section 503(b), this sub-section, and sections 512 through 518, the Secretary shall set aside for grants awarded under subparagraph (D) $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7566 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(ii) E XPENSES FOR THE SECRETARY .—Of the 
amounts set aside under clause (i), the Sec-retary may set aside $2,000,000 each fiscal year for program reporting, evaluation, and administrative costs related to this para-graph. 
‘‘(J) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project for which a grant is awarded under this subsection shall not ex-ceed 50 percent of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(K) G
RANT LIMITATION .—The Secretary 
may not award more than 20 percent of the amount described under subparagraph (I) in a fiscal year to a single grant recipient. 
‘‘(L) E
XPENSES FOR GRANT RECIPIENTS .—A 
grant recipient under this paragraph may use not more than 5 percent of the funds awarded each fiscal year to carry out plan-ning and reporting requirements. 
‘‘(M) G
RANT FLEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If, by August 1 of each 
fiscal year, the Secretary determines that there are not enough grant applications that meet the requirements described in subpara-graph (C) to carry out this section for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall transfer to the programs specified in clause (ii)— 
‘‘(I) any of the funds reserved for the fiscal 
year under subparagraph (I) that the Sec-retary has not yet awarded under this para-graph; and 
‘‘(II) an amount of obligation limitation 
equal to the amount of funds that the Sec-retary transfers under subclause (I). 
‘‘(ii) P
ROGRAMS .—The programs referred to 
in clause (i) are— 
‘‘(I) the program under section 503(b); ‘‘(II) the program under section 503(c); and ‘‘(III) the programs under sections 512 
through 518. 
‘‘(iii) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Any transfer of funds 
and obligation limitation under clause (i) shall be divided among the programs referred to in that clause in the same proportions as the Secretary originally reserved funding from the programs for the fiscal year under subparagraph (I). 
‘‘(N) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the 
following definitions apply: 
‘‘(i) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a State or local government, a transit agency, metropolitan planning orga-nization representing a population of over 
200,000, or other political subdivision of a State or local government or a multijuris-dictional group or a consortia of research in-stitutions or academic institutions. 
‘‘(ii) A
DVANCED AND CONGESTION MANAGE -
MENT TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGIES .—The 
term ‘advanced transportation and conges-tion management technologies’ means tech-nologies that improve the efficiency, safety, or state of good repair of surface transpor-tation systems, including intelligent trans-portation systems. 
‘‘(iii) M
ULTIJURISDICTIONAL GROUP .—The 
term ‘multijurisdictional group’ means a any combination of State governments, locals governments, metropolitan planning agen-cies, transit agencies, or other political sub-divisions of a State for which each member of the group— 
‘‘(I) has signed a written agreement to im-
plement the advanced transportation tech-nologies deployment initiative across juris-dictional boundaries; and 
‘‘(II) is an eligible entity under this para-
graph.’’. 
SEC. 6004. TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DE-
PLOYMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 503(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘2013 
through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
make available to the public on an Internet Web site on an annual basis a report on the 
cost and benefits from deployment of new technology and innovations that substan-tially and directly resulted from the pro-gram established under this paragraph. The report may include an analysis of— 
‘‘(i) Federal, State, and local cost savings; ‘‘(ii) project delivery time improvements; ‘‘(iii) reduced fatalities; and ‘‘(iv) congestion impacts.’’. 
SEC. 6005. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM GOALS. 
Section 514(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (5) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) enhancement of the national freight 
system and support to national freight pol-icy goals by conducting heavy duty vehicle demonstration activities and accelerating adoption of intelligent transportation sys-tem applications in freight operations.’’. 
SEC. 6006. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM PROGRAM REPORT. 
Section 515(h)(4) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘February 1 of each year 
after the date of enactment of the Transpor-tation Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1 of each year’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘submit to Congress’’ and 
inserting ‘‘make available to the public on a Department of Transportation Web site’’. 
SEC. 6007. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM NATIONAL ARCHITECTURE AND STANDARDS. 
Section 517(a)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘memberships are comprised of, and represent,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘memberships include representatives of’’. 
SEC. 6008. COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS DEPLOY-
MENT REPORT. 
Section 518(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 3’’ and all that follows through ‘‘House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than July 6, 2016, the Secretary shall make available to the public on a Department of Transportation Web site a report’’. 
SEC. 6009. INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 519. Infrastructure development 
‘‘Funds made available to carry out this 
chapter for operational tests— 
‘‘(1) shall be used primarily for the devel-
opment of intelligent transportation system infrastructure, equipment, and systems; and 
‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, 
shall not be used for the construction of physical surface transportation infrastruc-ture unless the construction is incidental and critically necessary to the implementa-tion of an intelligent transportation system project.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘519. Infrastructure development.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The item re-
lating to section 512 in the analysis for chap-ter 5 of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘512. National ITS program plan.’’. 
SEC. 6010. DEPARTMENTAL RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) A SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR RESEARCH  
AND TECHNOLOGY .—Section 102(e) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘5’’ and in-
serting ‘‘6’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)(A) by inserting ‘‘an As-
sistant Secretary for Research and Tech-nology,’’ after ‘‘Governmental Affairs,’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—Section 330 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ con-
tracts ’’ and inserting ‘‘ activities ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of’’ and inserting ‘‘I NGENERAL .—The 
Secretary of’’; 
(3) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘In car-
rying’’ and inserting ‘‘R ESPONSIBILITIES .—In 
carrying’’; 
(4) in subsection (c) by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting ‘‘P UBLICATIONS .—The 
Secretary’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) D UTIES .—The Secretary shall provide 
for the following: 
‘‘(1) Coordination, facilitation, and review 
of Department of Transportation research and development programs and activities. 
‘‘(2) Advancement, and research and devel-
opment, of innovative technologies, includ-ing intelligent transportation systems. 
‘‘(3) Comprehensive transportation statis-
tics research, analysis, and reporting. 
‘‘(4) Education and training in transpor-
tation and transportation-related fields. 
‘‘(5) Activities of the Volpe National 
Transportation Systems Center. 
‘‘(6) Coordination in support of multimodal 
and multidisciplinary research activities. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—The Sec-
retary may— 
‘‘(1) enter into grants and cooperative 
agreements with Federal agencies, State and local government agencies, other public enti-ties, private organizations, and other persons to conduct research into transportation serv-ice and infrastructure assurance and to carry out other research activities of the Depart-ment of Transportation; 
‘‘(2) carry out, on a cost-shared basis, col-
laborative research and development to en-courage innovative solutions to multimodal transportation problems and stimulate the deployment of new technology with— 
‘‘(A) non-Federal entities, including State 
and local governments, foreign governments, institutions of higher education, corpora-tions, institutions, partnerships, sole propri-etorships, and trade associations that are in-corporated or established under the laws of any State; 
‘‘(B) Federal laboratories; and ‘‘(C) other Federal agencies; and ‘‘(3) directly initiate contracts, grants, co-
operative research and development agree-ments (as defined in section 12 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a)), and other agreements to fund, and accept funds from, the Trans-portation Research Board of the National Academies, State departments of transpor-tation, cities, counties, institutions of high-er education, associations, and the agents of those entities to carry out joint transpor-tation research and technology efforts. 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Federal share of the cost of an activity carried out under subsection (e)(3) shall not exceed 50 percent. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary deter-
mines that the activity is of substantial pub-lic interest or benefit, the Secretary may ap-prove a greater Federal share. 
‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—All costs di-
rectly incurred by the non-Federal partners, including personnel, travel, facility, and hardware development costs, shall be cred-ited toward the non-Federal share of the cost of an activity described in subsection (e)(3). 
‘‘(g) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION AND OVER-
SIGHT .—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7567 November 3, 2015 
2021, the Secretary is authorized to expend 
not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the coordination, evaluation, and oversight of the programs administered by the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF TECHNOLOGY .—The research, 
development, or use of a technology under a contract, grant, cooperative research and de-velopment agreement, or other agreement entered into under this section, including the terms under which the technology may be licensed and the resulting royalties may be distributed, shall be subject to the Ste-venson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
‘‘(i) W
AIVER OF ADVERTISING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 6101 of title 41 shall not 
apply to a contract, grant, or other agree-ment entered into under this section.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing to section 330 in the analysis of chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘330. Research activities.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ITLE 5 AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) P OSITIONS AT LEVEL II .—Section 5313 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary of Transpor-tation for Security.’’. 
(B) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL IV .—Section 5315 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended in the undesignated item relating to Assistant Sec-retaries of Transportation by striking ‘‘(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)’’. 
(C) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL V .—Section 5316 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Associate Deputy Secretary, De-partment of Transportation.’’. 
(2) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS -
TICS.—Section 6302(a) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be within 
the Department of Transportation the Bu-reau of Transportation Statistics.’’. 
SEC. 6011. RESEARCH AND INNOVATIVE TECH-
NOLOGY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 112 of title 49, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 1 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 112. 
SEC. 6012. OFFICE OF INTERMODALISM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 5503 of title 49, 
United States Code, is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 55 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5503. 
SEC. 6013. UNIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CEN-
TERS. 
Section 5505 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5505. University transportation centers 
program 
‘‘(a) U NIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CENTERS  
PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT AND OPERATION .—The 
Secretary shall make grants under this sec-tion to eligible nonprofit institutions of higher education to establish and operate university transportation centers. 
‘‘(2) R
OLE OF CENTERS .—The role of each 
university transportation center referred to in paragraph (1) shall be— 
‘‘(A) to advance transportation expertise 
and technology in the varied disciplines that comprise the field of transportation through education, research, and technology transfer activities; 
‘‘(B) to provide for a critical transpor-
tation knowledge base outside of the Depart-ment of Transportation; and ‘‘(C) to address critical workforce needs 
and educate the next generation of transpor-tation leaders. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPETITIVE SELECTION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATIONS .—To receive a grant 
under this section, a consortium of nonprofit institutions of higher education shall submit to the Secretary an application that is in such form and contains such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—A lead institution of a 
consortium of nonprofit institutions of high-er education, as applicable, may only submit 1 grant application per fiscal year for each of the transportation centers described under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall 
solicit grant applications for national trans-portation centers, regional transportation centers, and Tier 1 university transportation centers with identical advertisement sched-ules and deadlines. 
‘‘(4) G
ENERAL SELECTION CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by this section, the Secretary shall award grants under this section in nonexclu-sive candidate topic areas established by the Secretary that address the research prior-ities identified in section 503 of title 23. 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology and the Adminis-trator of the Federal Highway Administra-tion, shall select each recipient of a grant under this section through a competitive process based on the assessment of the Sec-retary relating to— 
‘‘(i) the demonstrated ability of the recipi-
ent to address each specific topic area de-scribed in the research and strategic plans of the recipient; 
‘‘(ii) the demonstrated research, tech-
nology transfer, and education resources available to the recipient to carry out this section; 
‘‘(iii) the ability of the recipient to provide 
leadership in solving immediate and long- range national and regional transportation problems; 
‘‘(iv) the ability of the recipient to carry 
out research, education, and technology transfer activities that are multimodal and multidisciplinary in scope; 
‘‘(v) the demonstrated commitment of the 
recipient to carry out transportation work-force development programs through— 
‘‘(I) degree-granting programs or programs 
that provide other industry-recognized cre-dentials; and 
‘‘(II) outreach activities to attract new en-
trants into the transportation field, includ-ing women and underrepresented popu-lations; 
‘‘(vi) the demonstrated ability of the re-
cipient to disseminate results and spur the implementation of transportation research and education programs through national or statewide continuing education programs; 
‘‘(vii) the demonstrated commitment of 
the recipient to the use of peer review prin-ciples and other research best practices in the selection, management, and dissemina-tion of research projects; 
‘‘(viii) the strategic plan submitted by the 
recipient describing the proposed research to be carried out by the recipient and the per-formance metrics to be used in assessing the performance of the recipient in meeting the stated research, technology transfer, edu-cation, and outreach goals; and 
‘‘(ix) the ability of the recipient to imple-
ment the proposed program in a cost-effi-cient manner, such as through cost sharing and overall reduced overhead, facilities, and administrative costs. 
‘‘(5) T
RANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide to each applicant, upon request, any materials, including copies of reviews (with 
any information that would identify a re-viewer redacted), used in the evaluation process of the proposal of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit 
to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report describing the overall review process under paragraph (3) that includes— 
‘‘(i) specific criteria of evaluation used in 
the review; 
‘‘(ii) descriptions of the review process; and ‘‘(iii) explanations of the selected awards. ‘‘(6) O
UTSIDE STAKEHOLDERS .—The Sec-
retary shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, consult external stakeholders such as the Transportation Research Board of the National Research Council of the National Academies to evaluate and competitively re-view all proposals. 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, Assistant Secretary for Re-search and Technology, and the Adminis-trator of the Federal Highway Administra-tion shall select grant recipients under sub-section (b) and make grant amounts avail-able to the selected recipients. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL TRANSPORTATION CENTERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall provide grants to 5 consortia that the Secretary determines best meet the criteria described in subsection (b)(4). 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, a 
grant made available under this paragraph shall be not greater than $4,000,000 and not less than $2,000,000 per recipient. 
‘‘(ii) F
OCUSED RESEARCH .—A consortium re-
ceiving a grant under this paragraph shall focus research on 1 of the transportation issue areas specified in section 508(a)(2) of title 23. 
‘‘(C) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-
ing a grant under this paragraph, a grant re-cipient shall match 100 percent of the amounts made available under the grant. 
‘‘(ii) S
OURCES .—The matching amounts re-
ferred to in clause (i) may include amounts made available to the recipient under— 
‘‘(I) section 504(b) of title 23; or ‘‘(II) section 505 of title 23. ‘‘(3) R
EGIONAL UNIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION  
CENTERS .— 
‘‘(A) L OCATION OF REGIONAL CENTERS .—One 
regional university transportation center shall be located in each of the 10 Federal re-gions that comprise the Standard Federal Regions established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget in the document entitled ‘Standard Federal Regions’ and dated April 1974 (circular A–105). 
‘‘(B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In conducting a 
competition under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall provide grants to 10 consortia on the basis of— 
‘‘(i) the criteria described in subsection 
(b)(4); 
‘‘(ii) the location of the lead center within 
the Federal region to be served; and 
‘‘(iii) whether the consortium of institu-
tions demonstrates that the consortium has a well-established, nationally recognized program in transportation research and edu-cation, as evidenced by— 
‘‘(I) recent expenditures by the institution 
in highway or public transportation re-search; 
‘‘(II) a historical track record of awarding 
graduate degrees in professional fields close-ly related to highways and public transpor-tation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7568 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(III) an experienced faculty who specialize 
in professional fields closely related to high-ways and public transportation. 
‘‘(C) R
ESTRICTIONS .—For each fiscal year, a 
grant made available under this paragraph shall be not greater than $3,000,000 and not less than $1,500,000 per recipient. 
‘‘(D) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-
ing a grant under this paragraph, a grant re-cipient shall match 100 percent of the amounts made available under the grant. 
‘‘(ii) S
OURCES .—The matching amounts re-
ferred to in clause (i) may include amounts made available to the recipient under— 
‘‘(I) section 504(b) of title 23; or ‘‘(II) section 505 of title 23. ‘‘(E) F
OCUSED RESEARCH .—The Secretary 
shall make a grant to 1 of the 10 regional university transportation centers estab-lished under this paragraph for the purpose of furthering the objectives described in sub-section (a)(2) in the field of comprehensive 
transportation safety. 
‘‘(4) T
IER 1 UNIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION  
CENTERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide grants of not greater than $2,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000 to not more than 20 recipients to carry out this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-
ing a grant under this paragraph, a grant re-cipient shall match 50 percent of the amounts made available under the grant. 
‘‘(ii) S
OURCES .—The matching amounts re-
ferred to in clause (i) may include amounts made available to the recipient under— 
‘‘(I) section 504(b) of title 23; or ‘‘(II) section 505 of title 23. ‘‘(C) F
OCUSED RESEARCH .—In awarding 
grants under this section, consideration shall be given to minority institutions, as defined by section 365 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067k), or con-sortia that include such institutions that have demonstrated an ability in transpor-tation-related research. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM COORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate the research, education, 
and technology transfer activities carried out by grant recipients under this section; and 
‘‘(B) disseminate the results of that re-
search through the establishment and oper-ation of a publicly accessible online informa-tion clearinghouse. 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REVIEW AND EVALUATION .—Not 
less frequently than annually, and consistent with the plan developed under section 508 of title 23, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) review and evaluate the programs car-
ried out under this section by grant recipi-ents; and 
‘‘(B) submit to the Committees on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure and Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate a re-port describing that review and evaluation. 
‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION AND OVER -
SIGHT .—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2021, the Secretary shall expend not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out this section for any coordination, evalua-tion, and oversight activities of the Sec-retary under this section. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF  
AMOUNTS .—Amounts made available to the 
Secretary to carry out this section shall re-main available for obligation by the Sec-retary for a period of 3 years after the last day of the fiscal year for which the amounts are authorized. 
‘‘(f) I
NFORMATION COLLECTION .—Any sur-
vey, questionnaire, or interview that the Secretary determines to be necessary to 
carry out reporting requirements relating to any program assessment or evaluation activ-ity under this section, including customer satisfaction assessments, shall not be subject to chapter 35 of title 44.’’. 
SEC. 6014. BUREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS-
TICS. 
(a) B UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS -
TICS.—Section 6302(b)(3)(B) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (vi)(III) by striking ‘‘section 
6310’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6309’’; 
(2) by redesignating clauses (vii), (viii), 
(ix), and (x) as clauses (x), (xi), (xii), and (xiii), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vii) develop and improve transportation 
economic accounts to meet demand for methods for estimating the economic value of transportation infrastructure, investment, and services; 
‘‘(viii) not be required to obtain the ap-
proval of any other officer or employee of the Department in connection with the col-lection or analysis of any information; 
‘‘(ix) not be required, prior to publication, 
to obtain the approval of any other officer or employee of the Federal Government with respect to the substance of any statistical technical reports or press releases that the Director has prepared in accordance with the law;’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 6311(5) 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 6310’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 6309’’. 
SEC. 6015. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM 
FUNDING ALTERNATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a program to provide grants to States to demonstrate user-based alternative revenue mechanisms that utilize a user fee structure to maintain the long-term sol-vency of the Highway Trust Fund. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this section, a State or group of States 
shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. 
(c) O
BJECTIVES .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the activities carried out using funds provided under this section meet the following objectives: 
(1) To test the design, acceptance, and im-
plementation of 2 or more future user-based alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(2) To improve the functionality of such 
user-based alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(3) To conduct outreach to increase public 
awareness regarding the need for alternative funding sources for surface transportation programs and to provide information on pos-sible approaches. 
(4) To provide recommendations regarding 
adoption and implementation of user-based alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(5) To minimize the administrative cost of 
any potential user-based alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A State or group of 
States receiving funds under this section to test the design, acceptance, and implementa-tion of a user-based alternative revenue mechanism— 
(1) shall address— (A) the implementation, interoperability, 
public acceptance, and other potential hur-dles to the adoption of the user-based alter-native revenue mechanism; 
(B) the protection of personal privacy; (C) the use of independent and private 
third-party vendors to collect fees and oper-ate the user-based alternative revenue mech-anism; 
(D) market-based congestion mitigation, if 
appropriate; (E) equity concerns, including the impacts 
of the user-based alternative revenue mecha-nism on differing income groups, various ge-ographic areas, and the relative burdens on rural and urban drivers; 
(F) ease of compliance for different users of 
the transportation system; and 
(G) the reliability and security of tech-
nology used to implement the user-based al-ternative revenue mechanism; and 
(2) may address— (A) the flexibility and choices of user-based 
alternative revenue mechanisms, including the ability of users to select from various technology and payment options; 
(B) the cost of administering the user- 
based alternative revenue mechanism; and 
(C) the ability of the administering entity 
to audit and enforce user compliance. 
(e) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Secretary shall 
consider geographic diversity in awarding grants under this section. 
(f) L
IMITATIONS ON REVENUE COLLECTED .— 
Any revenue collected through a user-based alternative revenue mechanism established using funds provided under this section shall not be considered a toll under section 301 of title 23, United States Code. 
(g) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of an activity carried out under this section may not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the activity. 
(h) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Not later than 
1 year after the date on which the first eligi-ble entity receives a grant under this sec-tion, and each year thereafter, each recipient of a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes— 
(1) how the demonstration activities car-
ried out with grant funds meet the objectives described in subsection (c); and 
(2) lessons learned for future deployment of 
alternative revenue mechanisms that utilize a user fee structure. 
(i) B
IENNIAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the completion of the demonstration activities under this section, the Secretary shall make available to the public on an Internet Web site a report describing the progress of the demonstration activities. 
(j) F
UNDING .—Of the funds authorized to 
carry out section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code— 
(1) $15,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section for fiscal year 2016; and 
(2) $20,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
(k) G
RANT FLEXIBILITY .—If, by August 1 of 
each fiscal year, the Secretary determines that there are not enough grant applications that meet the requirements of this section for a fiscal year, Secretary shall transfer to the program under section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code— 
(1) any of the funds reserved for the fiscal 
year under subsection (j) that the Secretary has not yet awarded under this section; and 
(2) an amount of obligation limitation 
equal to the amount of funds that the Sec-retary transfers under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 6016. FUTURE INTERSTATE STUDY. 
(a) F UTURE INTERSTATE SYSTEM STUDY .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Transpor-tation Research Board of the National Acad-emies to conduct a study on the actions needed to upgrade and restore the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways to its role as a pre-mier system that meets the growing and shifting demands of the 21st century. 
(b) M
ETHODOLOGIES .—In conducting the 
study, the Transportation Research Board 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7569 November 3, 2015 
shall build on the methodologies examined 
and recommended in the report prepared for the American Association of State Highway 
and Transportation Officials titled ‘‘Na-tional Cooperative Highway Research Pro-gram Project 20–24(79): Specifications for a National Study of the Future 3R, 4R, and Ca-pacity Needs of the Interstate System’’, dated December 2013. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF STUDY .—The study— 
(1) shall include specific recommendations 
regarding the features, standards, capacity needs, application of technologies, and inter-governmental roles to upgrade the Interstate System, including any revisions to law (in-cluding regulations) that the Transportation Research Board determines appropriate; and 
(2) is encouraged to build on the institu-
tional knowledge in the highway industry in applying the techniques involved in imple-menting the study. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall determine the need for reconstruction and improvement of the Interstate System by considering— 
(1) future demands on transportation infra-
structure determined for national planning purposes, including commercial and private traffic flows to serve future economic activ-ity and growth; 
(2) the expected condition of the current 
Interstate System over the period of 50 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, including long-term deterioration and reconstruction needs; 
(3) features that would take advantage of 
technological capabilities to address modern standards of construction, maintenance, and operations, for purposes of safety, and sys-tem management, taking into further con-sideration system performance and cost; and 
(4) the resources necessary to maintain and 
improve the Interstate System. 
(e) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board— 
(1) shall convene and consult with a panel 
of national experts, including operators and users of the Interstate System and private sector stakeholders; and 
(2) is encouraged to consult with— (A) the Federal Highway Administration; (B) States; (C) planning agencies at the metropolitan, 
State, and regional levels; 
(D) the motor carrier industry; (E) freight shippers; (F) highway safety groups; and (G) other appropriate entities. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Trans-portation Research Board shall make avail-able to the public on an Internet Web site the results of the study conducted under this section. 
(g) F
UNDING .—From funds made available 
to carry out section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary may use to carry out this section up to $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 6017. HIGHWAY EFFICIENCY. 
(a) S TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
of Transportation for Research and Tech-nology may examine the impact of pavement durability and sustainability on vehicle fuel consumption, vehicle wear and tear, road conditions, and road repairs. 
(2) M
ETHODOLOGY .—In carrying out the 
study, the Assistant Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct a thorough review of relevant 
peer-reviewed research published during at least the past 5 years; 
(B) analyze impacts of different types of 
pavement on all motor vehicle types, includ-ing commercial vehicles; 
(C) specifically examine the impact of 
pavement deformation and deflection; and (D) analyze impacts of different types of 
pavement on road conditions and road re-pairs. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the 
study, the Assistant Secretary shall consult with— 
(A) experts from the different modal ad-
ministrations of the Department and from other Federal agencies, including the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology; 
(B) State departments of transportation; (C) local government engineers and public 
works professionals; 
(D) industry stakeholders; and (E) appropriate academic experts active in 
the field. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assist-ant Secretary shall publish on a public Web site the results of the study. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— 
(A) a summary of the different types of 
pavements analyzed in the study and the im-pacts of pavement durability and sustain-ability on vehicle fuel consumption, vehicle wear and tear, road conditions, and road re-pairs; and 
(B) recommendations for State and local 
governments on best practice methods for improving pavement durability and sustain-ability to maximize vehicle fuel economy, ride quality, and road conditions and to min-imize the need for road and vehicle repairs. 
SEC. 6018. MOTORCYCLE SAFETY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Assistant Secretary for 
Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation may enter into an agree-ment, within 45 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the most effective means of preventing motorcycle crashes. 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—The Assistant Secretary 
may make available the findings on a public Web site within 30 days after receiving the results of the study from the National Acad-emy of Sciences. 
SEC. 6019. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS RESEARCH 
AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 5118 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) coordinate, as appropriate, with other 
Federal agencies.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the program 
established in subsection (a), the Secretary may carry out cooperative research on haz-ardous materials transport. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL ACADEMIES .—The Secretary 
may enter into an agreement with the Na-tional Academies to support such research. 
‘‘(3) R
ESEARCH .—Research conducted under 
this subsection may include activities re-lated to— 
‘‘(A) emergency planning and response, in-
cluding information and programs that can be readily assessed and implemented in local jurisdictions; 
‘‘(B) risk analysis and perception and data 
assessment; 
‘‘(C) commodity flow data, including vol-
untary collaboration between shippers and first responders for secure data exchange of critical information; 
‘‘(D) integration of safety and security; ‘‘(E) cargo packaging and handling; ‘‘(F) hazmat release consequences; and ‘‘(G) materials and equipment testing.’’. 
SEC. 6020. WEB-BASED TRAINING FOR EMER-
GENCY RESPONDERS. 
Section 5115(a) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including online curriculum as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘a current curriculum of courses’’. 
SEC. 6021. TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGY POL-
ICY WORKING GROUP. 
To improve the scientific pursuit and re-
search procedures concerning transpor-tation, the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology may convene an interagency working group to— 
(1) develop within 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act a national transpor-tation research framework; 
(2) identify opportunities for coordination 
between the Department and universities and the private sector, and prioritize these opportunities; 
(3) identify and develop a plan to imple-
ment best practices for moving transpor-tation research results out of the laboratory and into application; and 
(4) identify and develop a plan to address 
related workforce development needs. 
SEC. 6022. COLLABORATION AND SUPPORT. 
The Secretary may solicit the support of, 
and identify opportunities to collaborate with, other Federal research agencies and national laboratories to assist in the effec-tive and efficient pursuit and resolution of research challenges identified by the Sec-retary. 
SEC. 6023. PRIZE COMPETITIONS. 
Section 502(b)(7) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(such as 
www.challenge.gov)’’ after ‘‘public website’’; 
(B) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as 
clauses (iv) and (v), respectively; 
(C) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(iii) the process for participants to reg-
ister for the competition;’’; and 
(D) in clause (iv) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (B)) by striking ‘‘prize’’ and in-serting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘prize’’ 
both places it appears and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(3) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) 
through (K) as subparagraphs (G) through (L), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) U
SE OF FEDERAL FACILITIES ; CONSULTA -
TION WITH FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—An indi-
vidual or entity is not ineligible to receive a cash prize purse under this paragraph as a re-sult of the individual or entity using a Fed-eral facility or consulting with a Federal employee related to the individual or enti-ty’s participation in a prize competition under this paragraph unless the same facil-ity or employee is made available to all indi-viduals and entities participating in the prize competition on an equitable basis.’’; 
(5) in subparagraph (G) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (3) of this section)— 
(A) in clause (i)(I) by striking ‘‘competi-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘prize competition under this paragraph’’; 
(B) in clause (ii)(I)— (i) by striking ‘‘participation in a competi-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘participation in a prize competition under this paragraph’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘competition activities’’ 
and inserting ‘‘prize competition activities’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) I
NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .— 
‘‘(I) P ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING WAIVER .— 
The Secretary may not require a participant to waive claims against the Department aris-ing out of the unauthorized use or disclosure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7570 November 3, 2015 
by the Department of the intellectual prop-
erty, trade secrets, or confidential business information of the participant. 
‘‘(II) P
ROHIBITION ON GOVERNMENT ACQUISI -
TION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS .— 
The Federal Government may not gain an in-terest in intellectual property developed by a participant for a prize competition under this paragraph without the written consent of the participant. 
‘‘(III) L
ICENSES .—The Federal Government 
may negotiate a license for the use of intel-lectual property developed by a participant for a prize competition under this para-graph.’’; 
(6) in subparagraph (H)(i) (as redesignated 
by paragraph (3) of this section) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (H)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (I)’’; 
(7) in subparagraph (I) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (3) of this section) by striking ‘‘an agreement with a private, nonprofit entity’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a pri-vate sector for-profit or nonprofit entity’’; 
(8) in subparagraph (J) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (3) of this section)— 
(A) in clause (i)— (i) in subclause (I) by striking ‘‘the private 
sector’’ and inserting ‘‘private sector for- profit and nonprofit entities, to be available to the extent provided by appropriations Acts’’; 
(ii) in subclause (II) by striking ‘‘and met-
ropolitan planning organizations’’ and in-serting ‘‘metropolitan planning organiza-tions, and private sector for-profit and non-profit entities’’; and 
(iii) in subclause (III) by inserting ‘‘for- 
profit or nonprofit’’ after ‘‘private sector’’; 
(B) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘prize awards’’ 
and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
(C) in clause (iv)— (i) by inserting ‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘A 
prize’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the prize’’ and inserting 
‘‘the cash prize purse’’; 
(D) in clause (v)— (i) by striking ‘‘amount of a prize’’ and in-
serting ‘‘amount of a cash prize purse’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘an-
nouncement of the prize’’; and 
(iii) in subclause (I) by inserting ‘‘competi-
tion’’ after ‘‘prize’’; 
(E) in clause (vi) by striking ‘‘offer a prize’’ 
and inserting ‘‘offer a cash prize purse’’; and 
(F) in clause (vii) by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ 
and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
(9) in subparagraph (K) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (3) of this section) by striking ‘‘or providing a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a prize competition or providing a cash prize purse’’; and 
(10) in subparagraph (L)(ii) (as redesig-
nated by paragraph (3) of this section)— 
(A) in subclause (I) by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than March 1 of each year, the Secretary’’; and 
(B) in subclause (II)— (i) in item (cc) by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ 
both places it appears and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
(ii) in item (ee) by striking ‘‘agency’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Department’’. 
SEC. 6024. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall make available to the public a report that— 
(1) assesses the status of autonomous 
transportation technology policy developed by public entities in the United States; 
(2) assesses the organizational readiness of 
the Department to address autonomous vehi-cle technology challenges; and 
(3) recommends implementation paths for 
autonomous transportation technology, ap-plications, and policies that are based on the 
assessment described in paragraph (2). 
SEC. 6025. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM PURPOSES. 
Section 514(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (9) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) to assist in the development of cyber-
security standards in cooperation with rel-evant modal administrations of the Depart-ment of Transportation and other Federal agencies to help prevent hacking, spoofing, and disruption of connected and automated transportation vehicles.’’. 
SEC. 6026. INFRASTRUCTURE INTEGRITY. 
Section 503(b)(3)(C) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (xviii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in clause (xix) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’ ; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xx) corrosion prevention measures for 
the structural integrity of bridges.’’. 
TITLE VII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 7001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hazardous 
Materials Transportation Safety Improve-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 7002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 5128 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5128. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this chapter (except sections 5107(e), 5108(g)(2), 5113, 5115, 5116, and 5119)— 
‘‘(1) $53,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $55,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $57,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $58,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $60,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $62,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(h), the Sec-retary may expend, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
‘‘(1) $21,988,000 to carry out section 5116(a); ‘‘(2) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(e); ‘‘(3) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(h)(3); and 
‘‘(4) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(i). 
‘‘(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—From the Hazardous Materials 
Emergency Preparedness Fund established pursuant to section 5116(h), the Secretary may expend $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out section 5107(e). 
‘‘(d) C
REDITS TO APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) E XPENSES .—In addition to amounts 
otherwise made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may credit amounts received from a State, Indian tribe, or other public authority or private entity for ex-penses the Secretary incurs in providing training to the State, Indian tribe, author-ity, or entity. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 7003. NATIONAL EMERGENCY AND DISASTER 
RESPONSE. 
Section 5103 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(c) F EDERALLY DECLARED DISASTERS AND  
EMERGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may by 
order waive compliance with any part of an applicable standard prescribed under this chapter without prior notice and comment and on terms the Secretary considers appro-priate if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(A) it is in the public interest to grant 
the waiver; 
‘‘(B) the waiver is not inconsistent with 
the safety of transporting hazardous mate-rials; and 
‘‘(C) the waiver is necessary to facilitate 
the safe movement of hazardous materials into, from, and within an area of a major dis-aster or emergency that has been declared under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) P
ERIOD OF WAIVER .—A waiver under 
this subsection may be issued for a period of not more than 60 days and may be renewed upon application to the Secretary only after notice and an opportunity for a hearing on the waiver. The Secretary shall immediately revoke the waiver if continuation of the waiver would not be consistent with the goals and objectives of this chapter. 
‘‘(3) S
TATEMENT OF REASONS .—The Sec-
retary shall include in any order issued under this section the reason for granting the waiver.’’. 
SEC. 7004. ENHANCED REPORTING. 
Section 5121(h) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate’’ and in-serting ‘‘make available to the public on the Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site’’. 
SEC. 7005. WETLINES. 
(a) W ITHDRAWAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall withdraw the proposed rule described in the notice of proposed rule-making issued on January 27, 2011, entitled ‘‘Safety Requirements for External Product Piping on Cargo Tanks Transporting Flam-mable Liquids’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 4847). 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall prohibit the Secretary from issuing standards or regulations regarding the safety of external product piping on cargo tanks transporting flammable liquids after the withdrawal is carried out pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 7006. IMPROVING PUBLICATION OF SPECIAL 
PERMITS AND APPROVALS. 
Section 5117 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘an application for a spe-
cial permit’’ and inserting ‘‘an application for a new special permit or a modification to an existing special permit’’; and 
(B) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall make avail-able to the public on the Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site any spe-cial permit other than a new special permit or a modification to an existing special per-mit and shall give the public an opportunity to inspect the safety analysis and comment on the application for a period of not more than 15 days.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘publish’’ and inserting 
‘‘make available to the public’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’; (C) by striking ‘‘180’’ and inserting ‘‘120’’; 
and 
(D) by striking ‘‘the special permit’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘a special per-mit or approval’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7571 November 3, 2015 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) D ISCLOSURE OF FINAL ACTION .—The 
Secretary shall periodically, but at least every 120 days— 
‘‘(1) publish in the Federal Register notice 
of the final disposition of each application for a new special permit, modification to an existing special permit, or approval during the preceding quarter; and 
‘‘(2) make available to the public on the 
Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site notice of the final disposition of any other special permit during the pre-ceding quarter.’’. 
SEC. 7007. GAO STUDY ON ACCEPTANCE OF CLAS-
SIFICATION EXAMINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall evaluate and transmit to the Sec-retary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, a report on the standards, metrics, and protocols that the Secretary uses to reg-ulate the performance of persons approved to recommend hazard classifications pursuant to section 173.56(b) of title, 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (commonly referred to as ‘‘third-party labs’’). 
(b) E
VALUATION .—The evaluation required 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify what standards and protocols 
are used to approve such persons, assess the adequacy of such standards and protocols to ensure that persons seeking approval are qualified and capable of performing classi-fications, and make recommendations to ad-dress any deficiencies identified; 
(2) assess the adequacy of the Secretary’s 
oversight of persons approved to perform the classifications, including the qualification of individuals engaged in the oversight of ap-proved persons, and make recommendations to enhance oversight sufficiently to ensure that classifications are issued as required; 
(3) identify what standards and protocols 
exist to rescind, suspend, or deny approval of persons who perform such classifications, as-sess the adequacy of such standards and pro-tocols, and make recommendations to en-hance such standards and protocols if nec-essary; and 
(4) include annual data for fiscal years 2005 
through 2015 on the number of applications received for new classifications pursuant to section 173.56(b) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, of those applications how many classifications recommended by persons ap-proved by the Secretary were changed to an-other classification and the reasons for the change, and how many hazardous materials incidents have been attributed to a classi-fication recommended by such approved per-sons in the United States. 
(c) A
CTION PLAN.—Not later than 120 days 
after receiving the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make available to the public a plan describing any actions the Secretary will take to establish standards, metrics, and protocols based on 
the findings and recommendations in the re-port to ensure that persons approved to per-form classification examinations required under section 173.56(b) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, can sufficiently per-form such examinations in a manner that meets the hazardous materials regulations. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—If the report required 
under subsection (a) recommends new regu-lations in order for the Secretary to have confidence in the accuracy of classification recommendations rendered by persons ap-proved to perform classification examina-tions required under section 173.56(b) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, the Sec-retary shall issue such regulations not later than 24 months after the date of enactment 
of this Act. 
SEC. 7008. IMPROVING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF 
PLANNING AND TRAINING GRANTS. 
(a) P LANNING AND TRAINING GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 5116 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (k) as subsections (b) through (j), re-spectively, 
(2) by striking subsection (b); and (3) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) P
LANNING AND TRAINING GRANTS .—(1) 
The Secretary shall make grants to States and Indian tribes— 
‘‘(A) to develop, improve, and carry out 
emergency plans under the Emergency Plan-ning and Community Right-To-Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq.), including ascertaining flow patterns of hazardous ma-terial on lands under the jurisdiction of a State or Indian tribe, and between lands under the jurisdiction of a State or Indian tribe and lands of another State or Indian tribe; 
‘‘(B) to decide on the need for regional haz-
ardous material emergency response teams; and 
‘‘(C) to train public sector employees to re-
spond to accidents and incidents involving hazardous material. 
‘‘(2) To the extent that a grant is used to 
train emergency responders under paragraph (1)(C), the State or Indian tribe shall provide written certification to the Secretary that the emergency responders who receive train-ing under the grant will have the ability to protect nearby persons, property, and the en-vironment from the effects of accidents or incidents involving the transportation of hazardous material in accordance with exist-ing regulations or National Fire Protection Association standards for competence of re-sponders to accidents and incidents involv-ing hazardous materials. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary may make a grant to a 
State or Indian tribe under paragraph (1) of this subsection only if— 
‘‘(A) the State or Indian tribe certifies that 
the total amount the State or Indian tribe expends (except amounts of the Federal Gov-ernment) for the purpose of the grant will at least equal the average level of expenditure for the last 5 years; and 
‘‘(B) any emergency response training pro-
vided under the grant shall consist of— 
‘‘(i) a course developed or identified under 
section 5115 of this title; or 
‘‘(ii) any other course the Secretary deter-
mines is consistent with the objectives of this section. 
‘‘(4) A State or Indian tribe receiving a 
grant under this subsection shall ensure that planning and emergency response training under the grant is coordinated with adjacent States and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(5) A training grant under paragraph 
(1)(C) may be used— 
‘‘(A) to pay— ‘‘(i) the tuition costs of public sector em-
ployees being trained; 
‘‘(ii) travel expenses of those employees to 
and from the training facility; 
‘‘(iii) room and board of those employees 
when at the training facility; and 
‘‘(iv) travel expenses of individuals pro-
viding the training; 
‘‘(B) by the State, political subdivision, or 
Indian tribe to provide the training; and 
‘‘(C) to make an agreement with a person 
(including an authority of a State, a polit-ical subdivision of a State or Indian tribe, or a local jurisdiction), subject to approval by the Secretary, to provide the training— 
‘‘(i) if the agreement allows the Secretary 
and the State or Indian tribe to conduct ran-dom examinations, inspections, and audits of the training without prior notice; ‘‘(ii) the person agrees to have an auditable 
accounting system; and 
‘‘(iii) if the State or Indian tribe conducts 
at least one on-site observation of the train-ing each year. 
‘‘(6) The Secretary shall allocate amounts 
made available for grants under this sub-section among eligible States and Indian tribes based on the needs of the States and Indian tribes for emergency response train-ing. In making a decision about those needs, the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) the number of hazardous material fa-
cilities in the State or on land under the ju-risdiction of the Indian tribe; 
‘‘(B) the types and amounts of hazardous 
material transported in the State or on such land; 
‘‘(C) whether the State or Indian tribe im-
poses and collects a fee on transporting haz-ardous material; 
‘‘(D) whether such fee is used only to carry 
out a purpose related to transporting haz-ardous material; 
‘‘(E) the past record of the State or Indian 
tribe in effectively managing planning and training grants; and 
‘‘(F) any other factors the Secretary deter-
mines are appropriate to carry out this sub-section.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 5108(g) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘5116(i)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘5116(h)’’. 
(2) Section 5116 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
this section, by striking ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(A) and (b)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(3)(A)’’; 
(B) in subsection (h), as redesignated by 
this section— 
(i) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘and sec-
tion 5107(e)’’ after ‘‘section’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘(f)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(e)’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘5108(g)(2) 
and 5115’’ and inserting ‘‘5107(e) and 5108(g)(2)’’; 
(C) in subsection (i), as redesignated by 
this section, by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and 
(D) in subsection (j), as redesignated by 
this section— 
(i) by striking ‘‘planning grants allocated 
under subsection (a), training grants under subsection (b), and grants under subsection (j)’’ and inserting ‘‘planning and training grants under subsection (a) and grants under subsection (i)’’; and 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as paragraphs (1) through (4), re-spectively. 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT PERSONNEL .—Section 
5107(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, State and local per-sonnel responsible for enforcing the safe transportation of hazardous materials, or both’’ after ‘‘hazmat employees’’ each place 
it appears. 
SEC. 7009. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY PERMITS. 
Section 5109(h) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(h) L IMITATION ON DENIAL .—The Secretary 
may not deny a non-temporary permit held by a motor carrier pursuant to this section based on a comprehensive review of that car-rier triggered by safety management system scores or out-of-service disqualification standards, unless— 
‘‘(1) the carrier has the opportunity, prior 
to the denial of such permit, to submit a written description of corrective actions taken and other documentation the carrier wishes the Secretary to consider, including a corrective action plan; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines the actions 
or plan is insufficient to address the safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7572 November 3, 2015 
concerns identified during the course of the 
comprehensive review.’’. 
SEC. 7010. THERMAL BLANKETS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue such regulations as are necessary to require that each tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification and each non-jacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification be equipped with an insulating blanket with at least 
1⁄2-inch- 
thick material that has been approved by the Secretary pursuant to section 179.18(c) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall prohibit the Secretary from ap-proving new or alternative technologies or materials as they become available that pro-vide a level of safety at least equivalent to the level of safety provided for under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 7011. COMPREHENSIVE OIL SPILL RE-
SPONSE PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 51 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5110 the following: 
‘‘§ 5111. Comprehensive oil spill response 
plans 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall issue such regula-tions as are necessary to require any rail-road carrier transporting a Class 3 flam-mable liquid to maintain a comprehensive oil spill response plan. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The regulations under 
subsection (a) shall require each railroad carrier described in that subsection to— 
‘‘(1) include in the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan procedures and resources, in-cluding equipment, for responding, to the maximum extent practicable, to a worst-case discharge; 
‘‘(2) ensure that the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan is consistent with the National Contingency Plan and each applicable Area Contingency Plan; 
‘‘(3) include in the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan appropriate notification and training procedures and procedures for co-ordinating with Federal, State, and local emergency responders; 
‘‘(4) review and update its comprehensive 
oil spill response plan as appropriate; and 
‘‘(5) provide the comprehensive oil spill re-
sponse plan for acceptance by the Secretary. 
‘‘(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in the sec-
tion may be construed to prohibit the Sec-retary from promulgating differing com-prehensive oil response plan standards for Class I railroads, Class II railroads, and Class III railroads. 
‘‘(d) R
ESPONSE PLANS .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(1) maintain on file a copy of the most re-
cent comprehensive oil spill response plans prepared by a railroad carrier transporting a Class 3 flammable liquid; and 
‘‘(2) provide to a person, upon written re-
quest, a copy of the plan, which may exclude, as the Secretary determines appropriate— 
‘‘(A) proprietary information; ‘‘(B) security-sensitive information, in-
cluding information described in section 1520.5(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions; 
‘‘(C) specific response resources and tac-
tical resource deployment plans; and 
‘‘(D) the specific amount and location of 
worst-case discharges, including the process by which a railroad carrier determines the worst-case discharge. 
‘‘(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO FOIA.—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to require dis-close of information or records that are ex-empt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A REA CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term 
‘Area Contingency Plan’ has the meaning given the term in section 311(a) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)). 
‘‘(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘Class 3 flammable liquid’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
‘‘(3) C
LASS I RAILROAD ; CLASS II RAILROAD ; 
AND CLASS III RAILROAD .—The terms ‘Class I 
railroad’, ‘Class II railroad’, and ‘Class III railroad’ have the meaning given those terms in section 20102. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The 
term ‘National Contingency Plan’ has the meaning given the term in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701). 
‘‘(5) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘rail-
road carrier’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102. 
‘‘(6) W
ORST -CASE DISCHARGE .—The term 
‘worst-case discharge’ means the largest foreseeable discharge of oil in the event of an accident or incident, as determined by each railroad carrier in accordance with regula-tions issued under this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 51 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 5110 the following: 
‘‘5111. Comprehensive oil spill response 
plans.’’. 
SEC. 7012. INFORMATION ON HIGH-HAZARD 
FLAMMABLE TRAINS. 
(a) I NFORMATION ON HIGH-HAZARD FLAM-
MABLE TRAINS .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue regulations to require each applicable railroad carrier to provide infor-mation on high-hazard flammable trains to State emergency response commissions con-sistent with Emergency Order Docket No. DOT–OST–2014–0067, and include appropriate protections from public release of propri-etary information and security-sensitive in-formation, including information described in section 1520.5(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(b) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE TRAIN.—The 
term ‘‘high-hazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid, as such term is defined in section 173.120 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, in a continuous block or a single train trans-porting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid throughout the train consist. 
SEC. 7013. STUDY AND TESTING OF ELECTRONI-
CALLY CONTROLLED PNEUMATIC BRAKES. 
(a) G OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct an inde-pendent evaluation of ECP brake systems, pilot program data, and the Department’s re-search and analysis on the costs, benefits, and effects of ECP brake systems. 
(2) S
TUDY ELEMENTS .—In completing the 
independent evaluation under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall examine the following issues related to ECP brake systems: 
(A) Data and modeling results on safety 
benefits relative to conventional brakes and to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2-way end-of- train devices. 
(B) Data and modeling results on business 
benefits, including the effects of dynamic braking. 
(C) Data on costs, including up-front cap-
ital costs and on-going maintenance costs. (D) Analysis of potential operational bene-
fits and challenges, including the effects of potential locomotive and car segregation, technical reliability issues, and network dis-ruptions. 
(E) Analysis of potential implementation 
challenges, including installation time, posi-tive train control integration complexities, component availability issues, and tank car shop capabilities. 
(F) Analysis of international experiences 
with the use of advanced braking tech-nologies. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall transmit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the inde-pendent evaluation under paragraph (1). 
(b) E
MERGENCY BRAKING APPLICATION TEST-
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter 
into an agreement with the National Acad-emy of Sciences to— 
(A) complete testing of ECP brake systems 
during emergency braking application, in-cluding more than 1 scenario involving the uncoupling of a train with 70 or more DOT– 117-specification or DOT–117R-specification tank cars; and 
(B) transmit, not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the testing. 
(2) I
NDEPENDENT EXPERTS .—In completing 
the testing under paragraph (1)(A), the Na-tional Academy of Sciences may contract with 1 or more engineering or rail experts, as appropriate, that— 
(A) are not railroad carriers, entities fund-
ed by such carriers, or entities directly im-pacted by the final rule issued on May 8, 2015, entitled ‘‘Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 26643); and 
(B) have relevant experience in conducting 
railroad safety technology tests or similar crash tests. 
(3) T
ESTING FRAMEWORK .—In completing 
the testing under paragraph (1), the National Academy of Sciences and each contractor de-scribed in paragraph (2) shall ensure that the testing objectively, accurately, and reliably measures the performance of ECP brake sys-tems relative to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2- way end-of-train devices, including dif-ferences in— 
(A) the number of cars derailed; (B) the number of cars punctured; (C) the measures of in-train forces; and (D) the stopping distance. (4) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall provide 
funding, as part of the agreement under paragraph (1), to the National Academy of Sciences for the testing required under this section— 
(A) using sums made available to carry out 
sections 20108 and 5118 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) to the extent funding under subpara-
graph (A) is insufficient or unavailable to fund the testing required under this section, using such sums as are necessary from the amounts appropriated to the Secretary, the Federal Railroad Administration, or the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, or a combination thereof. 
(5) E
QUIPMENT .—The National Academy of 
Sciences and each contractor described in paragraph (2) may receive or use rolling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7573 November 3, 2015 
stock, track, and other equipment or infra-
structure from a private entity for the pur-poses of conducting the testing required under this section. 
(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED APPROACH .— 
(1) A NALYSIS .—The Secretary shall— 
(A) not later than 90 days after the report 
date, fully incorporate and update the regu-latory impact analysis of the final rule de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)(A) of the costs, benefits, and effects of the applicable ECP brake system requirements; 
(B) as soon as practicable after completion 
of the updated analysis under subparagraph (A), solicit public comment on the analysis for a period of not more than 30 days; and 
(C) not later than 60 days after the end of 
the public comment period under subpara-graph (B), post the final updated regulatory impact analysis on the Department of Trans-portation’s Internet Web site. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 180 
days after the report date, the Secretary shall— 
(A) determine, based on whether the final 
regulatory impact analysis described in paragraph (1)(C) demonstrates that the bene-fits, including safety benefits, of the applica-ble ECP brake system requirements exceed the costs of such requirements, whether the applicable ECP brake system requirements are justified; 
(B) if the applicable ECP brake system re-
quirements are justified, publish in the Fed-eral Register the determination and reasons for such determination; and 
(C) if the Secretary does not publish the 
determination under subparagraph (B), re-peal the applicable ECP brake system re-quirements. 
(3) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to prohibit the Sec-retary from implementing the final rule de-scribed under subsection (b)(2)(A) prior to the determination required under subsection (c)(2) of this section, or require the Secretary to promulgate a new rulemaking on the pro-visions of such final rule, other than the ap-plicable ECP brake system requirements, if the Secretary determines that the applicable ECP brake system requirements are not jus-tified pursuant to this subsection. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) A PPLICABLE ECP BRAKE SYSTEM REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The term ‘‘applicable ECP brake 
system requirements’’ means sections 174.310(a)(3)(ii), 174.310(a)(3)(iii), 174.310(a)(5)(v), 179.202–12(g), and 179.202–13(i) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and any other regulation in effect on the date of enactment of this Act requiring the installa-tion of ECP brakes or operation in ECP brake mode. 
(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
(3) ECP.—The term ‘‘ECP’’ means elec-
tronically controlled pneumatic when ap-plied to a brake or brakes. 
(4) ECP 
BRAKE MODE .—The term ‘‘ECP 
brake mode’’ includes any operation of a rail car or an entire train using an ECP brake system. 
(5) ECP 
BRAKE SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ECP brake 
system’’ means a train power braking sys-tem actuated by compressed air and con-trolled by electronic signals from the loco-motive or an ECP–EOT to the cars in the consist for service and emergency applica-tions in which the brake pipe is used to pro-vide a constant supply of compressed air to the reservoirs on each car but does not con-vey braking signals to the car. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ECP brake sys-
tem’’ includes dual mode and stand-alone ECP brake systems. 
(6) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(7) R
EPORT DATE .—The term ‘‘report date’’ 
means the date that the reports under sub-sections (a)(3) and (b)(1)(B) are required to be transmitted pursuant to those subsections. 
SEC. 7014. ENSURING SAFE IMPLEMENTATION OF 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL SYSTEMS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Positive Train Control Enforce-ment and Implementation Act of 2015’’. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 20157 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘18 months after the date 
of enactment of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days after the date of enactment of the Positive Train Control Enforcement and Implementa-tion Act of 2015’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘develop and’’; (C) by striking ‘‘a plan for implementing’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a revised plan for imple-menting’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘parts’’ 
and inserting ‘‘sections’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (a)(2) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) C ONTENTS OF REVISED PLAN .—A re-
vised plan required under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(i) describe— ‘‘(I) how the positive train control system 
will provide for interoperability of the sys-tem with the movements of trains of other railroad carriers over its lines; and 
‘‘(II) how, to the extent practical, the posi-
tive train control system will be imple-mented in a manner that addresses areas of greater risk before areas of lesser risk; 
‘‘(ii) comply with the positive train control 
system implementation plan content re-quirements under section 236.1011 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
‘‘(iii) provide— ‘‘(I) the calendar year or years in which 
spectrum will be acquired and will be avail-able for use in each area as needed for posi-tive train control system implementation, if such spectrum is not already acquired and available for use; 
‘‘(II) the total amount of positive train 
control system hardware that will be in-stalled for implementation, with totals sepa-rated by each major hardware category; 
‘‘(III) the total amount of positive train 
control system hardware that will be in-stalled by the end of each calendar year until the positive train control system is imple-mented, with totals separated by each hard-ware category; 
‘‘(IV) the total number of employees re-
quired to receive training under the applica-ble positive train control system regula-tions; 
‘‘(V) the total number of employees that 
will receive the training, as required under the applicable positive train control system regulations, by the end of each calendar year until the positive train control system is im-plemented; 
‘‘(VI) a summary of any remaining tech-
nical, programmatic, operational, or other challenges to the implementation of a posi-tive train control system, including chal-lenges with— 
‘‘(aa) availability of public funding; ‘‘(bb) interoperability; ‘‘(cc) spectrum; ‘‘(dd) software; ‘‘(ee) permitting; and ‘‘(ff) testing, demonstration, and certifi-
cation; and 
‘‘(VII) a schedule and sequence for imple-
menting a positive train control system by the deadline established under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVE SCHEDULE AND SE -
QUENCE .—Notwithstanding the implementa-
tion deadline under paragraph (1) and in lieu of a schedule and sequence under paragraph (2)(A)(iii)(VII), a railroad carrier or other en-tity subject to paragraph (1) may include in its revised plan an alternative schedule and sequence for implementing a positive train control system, subject to review under paragraph (3). Such schedule and sequence shall provide for implementation of a posi-
tive train control system as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than the date that is 24 months after the implementation deadline under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(C) A
MENDMENTS .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity subject to paragraph (1) may file a request to amend a revised plan, in-cluding any alternative schedule and se-quence, as applicable, in accordance with section 236.1021 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
‘‘(D) C
OMPLIANCE .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity subject to paragraph (1) shall implement a positive train control system in accordance with its revised plan, including any amendments or any alternative schedule and sequence approved by the Secretary under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) N OTIFICATION .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity that submits a revised plan under paragraph (1) and proposes an alter-native schedule and sequence under para-graph (2)(B) shall submit to the Secretary a written notification when such railroad car-rier or other entity is prepared for review under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—Not later than 90 days 
after a railroad carrier or other entity sub-mits a notification under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall review the alternative schedule and sequence submitted pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) and determine whether the railroad carrier or other entity has dem-onstrated, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that such carrier or entity has— 
‘‘(i) installed all positive train control sys-
tem hardware consistent with the plan con-tents provided pursuant to paragraph (2)(A)(iii)(II) on or before the implementa-tion deadline under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(ii) acquired all spectrum necessary for 
implementation of a positive train control system, consistent with the plan contents provided pursuant to paragraph (2)(A)(iii)(I) on or before the implementation deadline under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(iii) completed employee training re-
quired under the applicable positive train control system regulations; 
‘‘(iv) included in its revised plan an alter-
native schedule and sequence for imple-menting a positive train control system as soon as practicable, pursuant to paragraph (2)(B); 
‘‘(v) certified to the Secretary in writing 
that it will be in full compliance with the re-quirements of this section on or before the date provided in an alternative schedule and sequence, subject to approval by the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(vi) in the case of a Class I railroad car-
rier and Amtrak, implemented a positive train control system or initiated revenue service demonstration on the majority of territories, such as subdivisions or districts, or route miles that are owned or controlled by such carrier and required to have oper-ations governed by a positive train control system; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7574 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(vii) in the case of any other railroad car-
rier or other entity not subject to clause (vi)— 
‘‘(I) initiated revenue service demonstra-
tion on at least 1 territory that is required to have operations governed by a positive train control system; or 
‘‘(II) met any other criteria established by 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) D
ECISION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the receipt of the notification from a railroad carrier or other entity under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) approve an alternative schedule and 
sequence submitted pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) if the railroad carrier or other entity meets the criteria in subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(II) notify in writing the railroad carrier 
or other entity of the decision. 
‘‘(ii) D
EFICIENCIES .—Not later than 45 days 
after the receipt of the notification under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall pro-vide to the railroad carrier or other entity a written notification of any deficiencies that would prevent approval under clause (i) and provide the railroad carrier or other entity an opportunity to correct deficiencies before the date specified in such clause. 
‘‘(D) R
EVISED DEADLINES .— 
‘‘(i) P ENDING REVIEWS .—For a railroad car-
rier or other entity that submits a notifica-tion under subparagraph (A), the deadline for implementation of a positive train control system required under paragraph (1) shall be extended until the date on which the Sec-retary approves or disapproves the alter-native schedule and sequence, if such date is later than the implementation date under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE SCHEDULE AND SEQUENCE  
DEADLINE .—If the Secretary approves a rail-
road carrier or other entity’s alternative schedule and sequence under subparagraph (C)(i), the railroad carrier or other entity’s deadline for implementation of a positive train control system required under para-graph (1) shall be the date specified in that railroad carrier or other entity’s alternative schedule and sequence. The Secretary may not approve a date for implementation that is later than 24 months from the deadline in paragraph (1).’’; 
(3) by striking subsections (c), (d), and (e) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRESS REPORTS AND REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRESS REPORTS .—Each railroad 
carrier or other entity subject to subsection (a) shall, not later than March 31, 2016, and annually thereafter until such carrier or en-tity has completed implementation of a posi-tive train control system, submit to the Sec-retary a report on the progress toward im-plementing such systems, including— 
‘‘(A) the information on spectrum acquisi-
tion provided pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(I); 
‘‘(B) the totals provided pursuant to sub-
clauses (III) and (V) of subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii), by territory, if applicable; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the railroad car-
rier or other entity is complying with the implementation schedule under subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(VII) or subsection (a)(2)(B); 
‘‘(D) any update to the information pro-
vided under subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(VI); 
‘‘(E) for each entity providing regularly 
scheduled intercity or commuter rail pas-senger transportation, a description of the resources identified and allocated to imple-ment a positive train control system; 
‘‘(F) for each railroad carrier or other enti-
ty subject to subsection (a), the total num-ber of route miles on which a positive train control system has been initiated for rev-enue service demonstration or implemented, as compared to the total number of route miles required to have a positive train con-
trol system under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(G) any other information requested by 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) P
LAN REVIEW .—The Secretary shall at 
least annually conduct reviews to ensure that railroad carriers or other entities are complying with the revised plan submitted under subsection (a), including any amend-ments or any alternative schedule and se-quence approved by the Secretary. Such rail-road carriers or other entities shall provide such information as the Secretary deter-mines necessary to adequately conduct such reviews. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 
60 days after receipt, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation any report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) or subsection (d), but may ex-clude, as the Secretary determines appro-priate— 
‘‘(A) proprietary information; and ‘‘(B) security-sensitive information, in-
cluding information described in section 1520.5(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
July 1, 2018, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the progress of each railroad carrier or other entity subject to subsection (a) in imple-menting a positive train control system. 
‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary is au-
thorized to assess civil penalties pursuant to chapter 213 for— 
‘‘(1) a violation of this section; ‘‘(2) the failure to submit or comply with 
the revised plan required under subsection (a), including the failure to comply with the totals provided pursuant to subclauses (III) and (V) of subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii) and the spectrum acquisition dates provided pursu-ant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(I); 
‘‘(3) failure to comply with any amend-
ments to such revised plan pursuant to sub-section (a)(2)(C); and 
‘‘(4) the failure to comply with an alter-
native schedule and sequence submitted under subsection (a)(2)(B) and approved by the Secretary under subsection (a)(3)(C).’’; 
(4) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONAL OPERATION .—Notwith-
standing the requirements of paragraph (1), the Secretary may authorize a railroad car-rier or other entity to commence operation in revenue service of a positive train control system or component to the extent nec-essary to enable the safe implementation and operation of a positive train control sys-tem in phases.’’; 
(5) in subsection (i)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (3) as paragraphs (3) through (5), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(1) E
QUIVALENT OR GREATER LEVEL OF  
SAFETY .—The term ‘equivalent or greater 
level of safety’ means the compliance of a railroad carrier with— 
‘‘(A) appropriate operating rules in place 
immediately prior to the use or implementa-tion of such carrier’s positive train control system, except that such rules may be changed by such carrier to improve safe op-erations; and 
‘‘(B) all applicable safety regulations, ex-
cept as specified in subsection (j). ‘‘(2) H
ARDWARE .—The term ‘hardware’ 
means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit (including any associated leg-acy signal system replacements), switch po-sition monitors needed for a positive train control system, physical back office system equipment, a base station radio, a wayside radio, a locomotive radio, or a communica-tion tower or pole.’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) E
ARLY ADOPTION .— 
‘‘(1) O PERATIONS .—From the date of enact-
ment of the Positive Train Control Enforce-ment and Implementation Act of 2015 through the 1-year period beginning on the date on which the last Class I railroad car-rier’s positive train control system subject to subsection (a) is certified by the Secretary under subsection (h)(1) of this section and is implemented on all of that railroad carrier’s lines required to have operations governed by a positive train control system, any rail-road carrier, including any railroad carrier that has its positive train control system certified by the Secretary, shall not be sub-ject to the operational restrictions set forth in sections 236.567 and 236.1029 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, that would apply where a controlling locomotive that is operating in, or is to be operated in, a posi-tive train control-equipped track segment experiences a positive train control system failure, a positive train control operated consist is not provided by another railroad carrier when provided in interchange, or a positive train control system otherwise fails to initialize, cuts out, or malfunctions, pro-vided that such carrier operates at an equiv-alent or greater level of safety than the level achieved immediately prior to the use or im-plementation of its positive train control system. 
‘‘(2) S
AFETY ASSURANCE .—During the period 
described in paragraph (1), if a positive train control system that has been certified and implemented fails to initialize, cuts out, or malfunctions, the affected railroad carrier or other entity shall make reasonable efforts to determine the cause of the failure and ad-just, repair, or replace any faulty component causing the system failure in a timely man-ner. 
‘‘(3) P
LANS .—The positive train control 
safety plan for each railroad carrier or other entity shall describe the safety measures, such as operating rules and actions to com-ply with applicable safety regulations, that will be put in place during any system fail-ure. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—During the period de-
scribed in paragraph (1), if a positive train control system that has been certified and implemented fails to initialize, cuts out, or malfunctions, the affected railroad carrier or other entity shall submit a notification to the appropriate regional office of the Federal Railroad Administration within 7 days of the system failure, or under alternative location and deadline requirements set by the Sec-retary, and include in the notification a de-scription of the safety measures the affected railroad carrier or other entity has in place. 
‘‘(k) S
MALL RAILROADS .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall amend section 236.1006(b)(4)(iii)(B) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to equipping loco-motives for applicable Class II and Class III railroads operating in positive train control territory) to extend each deadline under such section by 3 years. 
‘‘(l) R
EVENUE SERVICE DEMONSTRATION .— 
When a railroad carrier or other entity sub-ject to (a)(1) notifies the Secretary it is pre-pared to initiate revenue service demonstra-tion, it shall also notify any applicable ten-ant railroad carrier or other entity subject to subsection (a)(1).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7575 November 3, 2015 
(c) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
20157(g), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONFORMING REGULATORY AMEND -
MENTS .—Immediately after the date of the 
enactment of the Positive Train Control En-forcement and Implementation Act of 2015, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall remove or revise the date-spe-
cific deadlines in the regulations or orders implementing this section to the extent nec-essary to conform with the amendments made by such Act; and 
‘‘(B) may not enforce any such date-spe-
cific deadlines or requirements that are in-consistent with the amendments made by such Act. 
‘‘(3) R
EVIEW .—Nothing in the Positive 
Train Control Enforcement and Implementa-tion Act of 2015, or the amendments made by such Act, shall be construed to require the Secretary to issue regulations to implement such Act or amendments other than the reg-ulatory amendments required by paragraph (2) and subsection (k).’’. 
SEC. 7015. PHASE-OUT OF ALL TANK CARS USED 
TO TRANSPORT CLASS 3 FLAM-MABLE LIQUIDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided for in 
subsection (b), beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act, all railroad tank cars used to transport Class 3 flammable liquids shall meet the DOT–117 or DOT–117R speci-fications in part 179 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, regardless of train com-position. 
(b) P
HASE -OUTSCHEDULE .—Certain tank 
cars not meeting DOT–117 or DOT–117R spec-ifications on the date of enactment of this Act may be used, regardless of train com-position, until the following end-dates: 
(1) For transport of unrefined petroleum 
products in Class 3 flammable service, in-cluding crude oil— 
(A) January 1, 2018, for non-jacketed DOT– 
111 tank cars; 
(B) March 1, 2018, for jacketed DOT–111 
tank cars; 
(C) April 1, 2020, for non-jacketed CPC–1232 
tank cars; and 
(D) May 1, 2025, for jacketed CPC–1232 tank 
cars. 
(2) For transport of ethanol— (A) May 1, 2023, for non-jacketed and jack-
eted DOT–111 tank cars; 
(B) July 1, 2023, for non-jacketed CPC–1232 
tank cars; and 
(C) May 1, 2025, for jacketed CPC–1232 tank 
cars. 
(3) For transport of Class 3 flammable liq-
uids in Packing Group I, other than Class 3 flammable liquids specified in paragraphs (1) and (2), May 1, 2025. 
(4) For transport of Class 3 flammable liq-
uids in Packing Groups II and III, other than Class 3 flammable liquids specified in para-graphs (1) and (2), May 1, 2029. 
(c) R
ETROFITTING SHOP CAPACITY .—The 
Secretary may extend the deadlines estab-lished under paragraphs (3) and (4) of sub-section (b) for a period not to exceed 2 years if the Secretary determines that insufficient retrofitting shop capacity will prevent the phase-out of tank cars not meeting the DOT– 117 or DOT–117R specifications by the dead-lines set forth in such paragraphs. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to require the Sec-retary to issue regulations to implement this section. 
(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to prohibit the Sec-retary from implementing the final rule issued on May 08, 2015, entitled ‘‘Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Con-trols for High-Hazard Flammable Trains’’ (80 
Fed. Reg. 26643), other than the provisions of the final rule that are inconsistent with this section. 
(f) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
TITLE VIII—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 8001. MULTIMODAL FREIGHT TRANSPOR-
TATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle IX of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Subtitle IX—Multimodal Freight 
Transportation 
‘‘Chapter Sec. 
‘‘701. Multimodal freight policy ........ 70101 ‘‘702. Multimodal freight transpor-
tation planning and information 70201 
‘‘CHAPTER 701—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
POLICY 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘70101. National multimodal freight policy. ‘‘70102. National freight strategic plan. ‘‘70103. National Multimodal Freight Net-
work. 
‘‘§ 70101. National multimodal freight policy 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It is the policy of the 
United States to maintain and improve the condition and performance of the National Multimodal Freight Network established under section 70103 to ensure that the Net-work provides a foundation for the United States to compete in the global economy and achieve the goals described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) G
OALS .—The goals of the national 
multimodal freight policy are— 
‘‘(1) to identify infrastructure improve-
ments, policies, and operational innovations that— 
‘‘(A) strengthen the contribution of the 
National Multimodal Freight Network to the economic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(B) reduce congestion and eliminate bot-
tlenecks on the National Multimodal Freight Network; and 
‘‘(C) increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that cre-ate high-value jobs; 
‘‘(2) to improve the safety, security, effi-
ciency, and resiliency of multimodal freight transportation; 
‘‘(3) to achieve and maintain a state of 
good repair on the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(4) to use innovation and advanced tech-
nology to improve the safety, efficiency, and reliability of the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(5) to improve the economic efficiency of 
the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(6) to improve the short- and long-dis-
tance movement of goods that— 
‘‘(A) travel across rural areas between pop-
ulation centers; 
‘‘(B) travel between rural areas and popu-
lation centers; and 
‘‘(C) travel from the Nation’s ports, air-
ports, and gateways to the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(7) to improve the flexibility of States to 
support multi-State corridor planning and the creation of multi-State organizations to increase the ability of States to address multimodal freight connectivity; and 
‘‘(8) to reduce the adverse environmental 
impacts of freight movement on the National Multimodal Freight Network. 
‘‘§ 70102. National freight strategic plan 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall— ‘‘(1) develop a national freight strategic 
plan in accordance with this section; and 
‘‘(2) publish the plan on the public Internet 
Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The national freight stra-
tegic plan shall include— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of the condition and 
performance of the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(2) forecasts of freight volumes for the 
succeeding 5-, 10-, and 20-year periods; 
‘‘(3) an identification of major trade gate-
ways and national freight corridors that con-nect major population centers, trade gate-ways, and other major freight generators; 
‘‘(4) an identification of bottlenecks on the 
National Multimodal Freight Network that create significant freight congestion, based on a quantitative methodology developed by the Secretary, which shall, at a minimum, include— 
‘‘(A) information from the Freight Anal-
ysis Framework of the Federal Highway Ad-ministration; and 
‘‘(B) to the maximum extent practicable, 
an estimate of the cost of addressing each bottleneck and any operational improve-ments that could be implemented; 
‘‘(5) an assessment of statutory, regu-
latory, technological, institutional, finan-cial, and other barriers to improved freight transportation performance, and a descrip-tion of opportunities for overcoming the bar-riers; 
‘‘(6) an identification of best practices for 
improving the performance of the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(7) a process for addressing multistate 
projects and encouraging jurisdictions to collaborate; and 
‘‘(8) strategies to improve freight inter-
modal connectivity. 
‘‘(c) U
PDATES .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of completion of the national freight strategic plan under subsection (a), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update the plan and publish the up-dated plan on the public Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
develop and update the national freight stra-tegic plan in consultation with State depart-ments of transportation, metropolitan plan-ning organizations, and other appropriate public and private transportation stake-holders. 
‘‘§ 70103. National Multimodal Freight Net-
work 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall estab-lish the National Multimodal Freight Net-work in accordance with this section— 
‘‘(1) to focus Federal policy on the most 
strategic freight assets; and 
‘‘(2) to assist in strategically directing re-
sources and policies toward improved per-formance of the National Multimodal Freight Network. 
‘‘(b) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The National 
Multimodal Freight Network shall include— 
‘‘(1) the National Highway Freight Net-
work, as established under section 167 of title 23; 
‘‘(2) the freight rail systems of Class I rail-
roads, as designated by the Surface Trans-portation Board; 
‘‘(3) the public ports of the United States 
that have total annual foreign and domestic trade of at least 2,000,000 short tons, as iden-tified by the Waterborne Commerce Statis-tics Center of the Army Corps of Engineers, using the data from the latest year for which such data is available; 
‘‘(4) the inland and intracoastal waterways 
of the United States, as described in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7576 November 3, 2015 
206 of the Inland Waterways Revenue Act of 
1978 (33 U.S.C. 1804); 
‘‘(5) the Great Lakes, the St. Lawrence 
Seaway, and coastal routes along which do-mestic freight is transported; 
‘‘(6) the 50 airports located in the United 
States with the highest annual landed weight, as identified by the Federal Aviation Administration; and 
‘‘(7) other strategic freight assets, includ-
ing strategic intermodal facilities and freight rail lines of Class II and Class III rail-roads, designated by the Secretary as crit-ical to interstate commerce. 
‘‘(c) O
THER STRATEGIC FREIGHT ASSETS .—In 
determining network components in sub-section (b), the Secretary may consider stra-tegic freight assets identified by States, in-cluding public ports if such ports do not meet the annual tonnage threshold, for in-clusion on the National Multimodal Freight Network. 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGNATION .—Not later than 5 
years after the date of establishment of the National Multimodal Freight Network under subsection (a), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update the National Multimodal Freight Network. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
establish and update the National Multimodal Freight Network in consultation with State departments of transportation and other appropriate public and private transportation stakeholders. 
‘‘(f) L
ANDED WEIGHT DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘landed weight’ means the weight of an aircraft transporting only cargo in intrastate, interstate, or foreign air trans-portation, as such terms are defined in sec-tion 40102(a). 
‘‘CHAPTER 702—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING AND IN-FORMATION 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘70201. State freight advisory committees. ‘‘70202. State freight plans. ‘‘70203. Data and tools. 
‘‘§ 70201. State freight advisory committees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall encourage each State to es-tablish a freight advisory committee con-sisting of a representative cross-section of public and private sector freight stake-holders, including representatives of ports, freight railroads, shippers, carriers, freight- related associations, third-party logistics providers, the freight industry workforce, the transportation department of the State, and local governments. 
‘‘(b) R
OLE OF COMMITTEE .—A freight advi-
sory committee of a State described in sub-section (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) advise the State on freight-related pri-
orities, issues, projects, and funding needs; 
‘‘(2) serve as a forum for discussion for 
State transportation decisions affecting freight mobility; 
‘‘(3) communicate and coordinate regional 
priorities with other organizations; 
‘‘(4) promote the sharing of information be-
tween the private and public sectors on freight issues; and 
‘‘(5) participate in the development of the 
freight plan of the State described in section 70202. 
‘‘§ 70202. State freight plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State shall develop 
a freight plan that provides a comprehensive plan for the immediate and long-range plan-ning activities and investments of the State with respect to freight. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN CONTENTS .—A freight plan de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues with respect to the State; ‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies, 
strategies, and performance measures that will guide the freight-related transportation investment decisions of the State; 
‘‘(3) a description of how the plan will im-
prove the ability of the State to meet the na-tional freight goals described in section 70101; 
‘‘(4) evidence of consideration of innova-
tive technologies and operational strategies, including intelligent transportation systems, that improve the safety and efficiency of freight movement; 
‘‘(5) in the case of routes on which travel 
by heavy vehicles (including mining, agricul-tural, energy cargo or equipment, and timber vehicles) is projected to substantially dete-riorate the condition of roadways, a descrip-tion of improvements that may be required to reduce or impede the deterioration; and 
‘‘(6) an inventory of facilities with freight 
mobility issues, such as truck bottlenecks, within the State, and a description of the strategies the State is employing to address those freight mobility issues. 
‘‘(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO STATE PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A freight plan described 
in subsection (a) may be developed sepa-rately from or incorporated into the state-wide transportation plans required by sec-tion 135 of title 23. 
‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—If the freight plan described 
in subsection (a) is developed separately from the State transportation improvement program, the freight plan shall be updated at least every 5 years. 
‘‘§ 70203. Data and tools 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) begin development of new tools or im-
prove existing tools to support an outcome- oriented, performance-based approach to evaluate proposed freight-related and other transportation projects, including— 
‘‘(A) methodologies for systematic analysis 
of benefits and costs; 
‘‘(B) tools for ensuring that the evaluation 
of freight-related and other transportation projects may consider safety, economic com-petitiveness, environmental sustainability, and system condition in the project selection process; and 
‘‘(C) other elements to assist in effective 
transportation planning; 
‘‘(2) identify transportation-related freight 
travel models and model data elements to support a broad range of evaluation methods and techniques to assist in making transpor-tation investment decisions; and 
‘‘(3) at a minimum, in consultation with 
other relevant Federal agencies, consider any improvements to existing freight flow data collection efforts, including improved methods to standardize and manage the data, that could reduce identified freight data gaps and deficiencies and help improve forecasts of freight transportation demand. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with Federal, State, and other stake-holders to develop, improve, and implement the tools and collect the data described in subsection (a).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis of 
subtitles for title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to subtitle IX and inserting the following: 
‘‘IX. Multimodal Freight Transpor-
tation ........................................... 70101’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .—Sections 1117 and 1118 of 
MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141), and the items relating to such sections in the table of con-tents in section 1(c) of such Act, are re-pealed. TITLE IX—NATIONAL SURFACE TRANS-
PORTATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU 
SEC. 9001. NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPOR-
TATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 116. National Surface Transportation and 
Innovative Finance Bureau 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Transportation shall establish a National Surface Transportation and Innovative Fi-nance Bureau in the Department. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Bu-
reau shall be— 
‘‘(1) to administer the application proc-
esses for programs within the Department in accordance with subsection (d); 
‘‘(2) to promote innovative financing best 
practices in accordance with subsection (e); 
‘‘(3) to reduce uncertainty and delays with 
respect to environmental reviews and per-mitting in accordance with subsection (f); 
‘‘(4) to reduce costs and risks to taxpayers 
in project delivery and procurement in ac-cordance with subsection (g); and 
‘‘(5) to carry out subtitle IX of this title. 
‘‘(c) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
‘‘(1) A PPOINTMENT .—The Bureau shall be 
headed by an Executive Director, who shall be appointed in the competitive service by the Secretary, with the approval of the President. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Executive Director 
shall— 
‘‘(A) report to the Under Secretary of 
Transportation for Policy; 
‘‘(B) be responsible for the management 
and oversight of the daily activities, deci-sions, operations, and personnel of the Bu-reau; 
‘‘(C) support the Council on Credit and Fi-
nance established under section 117 in ac-cordance with this section; and 
‘‘(D) carry out such additional duties as 
the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATION OF CERTAIN APPLICA -
TION PROCESSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall admin-
ister the application processes for the fol-lowing programs: 
‘‘(A) The infrastructure finance programs 
authorized under chapter 6 of title 23. 
‘‘(B) The railroad rehabilitation and im-
provement financing program authorized under sections 501 through 503 of the Rail-road Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821–823). 
‘‘(C) Amount allocations authorized under 
section 142(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(D) The nationally significant freight and 
highway projects program under section 117 of title 23. 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The 
Secretary shall ensure that the congres-sional notification requirements for each program referred to in paragraph (1) are fol-lowed in accordance with the statutory pro-visions applicable to the program. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the reporting requirements for each program referred to in paragraph (1) are fol-lowed in accordance with the statutory pro-visions applicable to the program. 
‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—In administering the 
application processes for the programs re-ferred to in paragraph (1), the Executive Di-rector of the Bureau shall coordinate with appropriate officials in the Department and its modal administrations responsible for ad-ministering such programs. 
‘‘(5) S
TREAMLINING APPROVAL PROCESSES .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7577 November 3, 2015 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-
tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that— 
‘‘(A) evaluates the application processes 
for the programs referred to in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) identifies administrative and legisla-
tive actions that would improve the effi-ciency of the application processes without diminishing Federal oversight; and 
‘‘(C) describes how the Secretary will im-
plement administrative actions identified under subparagraph (B) that do not require an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(6) P
ROCEDURES AND TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) P ROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall, 
with respect to the programs referred to in paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(i) establish procedures for analyzing and 
evaluating applications and for utilizing the recommendations of the Council on Credit and Finance; 
‘‘(ii) establish procedures for addressing 
late-arriving applications, as applicable, and communicating the Bureau’s decisions for accepting or rejecting late applications to the applicant and the public; and 
‘‘(iii) document major decisions in the ap-
plication evaluation process through a deci-sion memorandum or similar mechanism that provides a clear rationale for such deci-sions. 
‘‘(B) R
EVIEW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall review the compli-ance of the Secretary with the requirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Comptroller 
General may make recommendations to the Secretary in order to improve compliance with the requirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(iii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review conducted under clause (i), including find-ings and recommendations for improvement. 
‘‘(e) I
NNOVATIVE FINANCING BEST PRAC-
TICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall work 
with the modal administrations within the Department, the States, and other public and private interests to develop and promote best practices for innovative financing and public-private partnerships. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The Bureau shall carry 
out paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) by making Federal credit assistance 
programs more accessible to eligible recipi-ents; 
‘‘(B) by providing advice and expertise to 
State and local governments that seek to le-verage public and private funding; 
‘‘(C) by sharing innovative financing best 
practices and case studies from State and local governments with other State and local governments that are interested in utilizing innovative financing methods; and 
‘‘(D) by developing and monitoring— ‘‘(i) best practices with respect to stand-
ardized State public-private partnership au-thorities and practices, including best prac-tices related to— 
‘‘(I) accurate and reliable assumptions for 
analyzing public-private partnership pro-curements; 
‘‘(II) procedures for the handling of unso-
licited bids; 
‘‘(III) policies with respect to noncompete 
clauses; and ‘‘(IV) other significant terms of public-pri-
vate partnership procurements, as deter-mined appropriate by the Bureau; 
‘‘(ii) standard contracts for the most com-
mon types of public-private partnerships for transportation facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) analytical tools and other techniques 
to aid State and local governments in deter-mining the appropriate project delivery model, including a value for money analysis. 
‘‘(3) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Bureau shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure transparency of a project re-
ceiving credit assistance under a program identified in subsection (d)(1) and procured as a public-private partnership by— 
‘‘(i) requiring the project sponsor of such 
project to undergo a value for money anal-ysis or a comparable analysis prior to decid-ing to advance the project as a public-private partnership; 
‘‘(ii) requiring the analysis required under 
subparagraph (A) and other key terms of the relevant public-private partnership agree-ment, to be made publicly available by the project sponsor at an appropriate time; 
‘‘(iii) not later than 3 years after the com-
pletion of the project, requiring the project sponsor of such project to conduct a review regarding whether the private partner is meeting the terms of the relevant public pri-vate partnership agreement for the project; and 
‘‘(iv) providing a publicly available sum-
mary of the total level of Federal assistance in such project; and 
‘‘(B) develop guidance to implement this 
paragraph that takes into consideration variations in State and local laws and re-quirements related to public-private partner-ships. 
‘‘(4) S
UPPORT TO PROJECTS SPONSORS .—At 
the request of a State or local government, the Bureau shall provide technical assistance to the State or local government regarding proposed public-private partnership agree-ments for transportation facilities, including assistance in performing a value for money analysis or comparable analysis. 
‘‘(5) F
IXED GUIDEWAY TRANSIT PROCEDURES  
REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report that— 
‘‘(A) evaluates the differences between tra-
ditional design-bid-build, design-build, and public-private partnership procurements for projects carried out under the fixed guide-way capital investment program authorized under section 5309; 
‘‘(B) identifies, for project procured as pub-
lic-private partnerships whether the review and approval process under the program re-quires modification to better suit the unique nature of such procurements; and 
‘‘(C) describes how the Secretary will im-
plement any administrative actions identi-fied under subparagraph (B) that do not re-quire an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(f) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW AND PERMIT -
TING.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall take 
such actions as are appropriate and con-sistent with the goals and policies set forth in this title and title 23, including with the concurrence of other Federal agencies as re-quired under this title and title 23, to im-prove delivery timelines for projects. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The Bureau shall carry 
out paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) by serving as the Department’s liai-
son to the Council on Environmental Qual-ity; 
‘‘(B) by coordinating Department-wide ef-
forts to improve the efficiency and effective-ness of the environmental review and per-
mitting process; 
‘‘(C) by coordinating Department efforts 
under section 139 of title 23; 
‘‘(D) by supporting modernization efforts 
at Federal agencies to achieve innovative ap-proaches to the permitting and review of projects; 
‘‘(E) by providing technical assistance and 
training to field and headquarters staff of Federal agencies on policy changes and inno-vative approaches to the delivery of projects; 
‘‘(F) by identifying, developing, and track-
ing metrics for permit reviews and decisions by Federal agencies for projects under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969; and 
‘‘(G) by administering and expanding the 
use of Internet-based tools providing for— 
‘‘(i) the development and posting of sched-
ules for permit reviews and permit decisions for projects; and 
‘‘(ii) the sharing of best practices related 
to efficient permitting and reviews for projects. 
‘‘(3) S
UPPORT TO PROJECT SPONSORS .—At 
the request of a State or local government, the Bureau, in coordination with the other appropriate modal agencies within the De-partment, shall provide technical assistance with regard to the compliance of a project sponsored by the State or local government with the requirements of the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act 1969 and relevant Fed-eral environmental permits. 
‘‘(g) P
ROJECT PROCUREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall pro-
mote best practices in procurement for a project receiving assistance under a program identified in subsection (d)(1) by developing, in coordination with the Federal Highway Administration and other modal agencies as appropriate, procurement benchmarks in order to ensure accountable expenditure of 
Federal assistance over the life cycle of such project. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCUREMENT BENCHMARKS .—The pro-
curement benchmarks developed under para-graph (1) shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— 
‘‘(A) establish maximum thresholds for ac-
ceptable project cost increases and delays in project delivery; 
‘‘(B) establish uniform methods for States 
to measure cost and delivery changes over the life cycle of a project; and 
‘‘(C) be tailored, as necessary, to various 
types of project procurements, including de-sign-bid-build, design-build, and public pri-vate partnerships. 
‘‘(h) E
LIMINATION AND CONSOLIDATION OF  
DUPLICATIVE OFFICES .— 
‘‘(1) E LIMINATION OF OFFICES .—The Sec-
retary may eliminate any office within the Department if the Secretary determines that the purposes of the office are duplicative of the purposes of the Bureau, and the elimi-nation of such office shall not adversely af-fect the obligations of the Secretary under any Federal law. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATION OF OFFICES .—The Sec-
retary may consolidate any office within the Department into the Bureau that the Sec-retary determines has duties, responsibil-ities, resources, or expertise that support the purposes of the Bureau. 
‘‘(3) S
TAFFING AND BUDGETARY RE -
SOURCES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the Bureau is adequately staffed and funded. 
‘‘(B) S
TAFFING .—The Secretary may trans-
fer to the Bureau a position within the De-partment from any office that is eliminated or consolidated under this subsection if the Secretary determines that the position is necessary to carry out the purposes of the Bureau. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7578 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(C) B UDGETARY RESOURCES .— 
‘‘(i) T RANSFER OF FUNDS FROM ELIMINATED  
OR CONSOLIDATED OFFICES .—The Secretary 
may transfer to the Bureau funds allocated to any office that is eliminated or consoli-dated under this subsection to carry out the purposes of the Bureau. 
‘‘(ii) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS ALLOCATED TO AD -
MINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary shall 
transfer to the Bureau funds allocated to the administrative costs of processing applica-tions for the programs referred to in sub-section (d)(1). 
‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— 
‘‘(A) lists the offices eliminated under 
paragraph (1) and provides the rationale for elimination of the offices; 
‘‘(B) lists the offices consolidated under 
paragraph (2) and provides the rationale for consolidation of the offices; and 
‘‘(C) describes the actions taken under 
paragraph (3) and provides the rationale for taking such actions. 
‘‘(i) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) L AWS AND REGULATIONS .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to change a law or regulation with respect to a program referred to in subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to abrogate the re-sponsibilities of an agency, operating admin-istration, or office within the Department otherwise charged by a law or regulation with other aspects of program administra-tion, oversight, and project approval or im-plementation for the programs and projects subject to this section. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) B UREAU .—The term ‘Bureau’ means 
the National Surface Transportation and In-novative Finance Bureau of the Department. 
‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(3) M ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ means a project involv-ing the participation of more than one modal 
administration or secretarial office within the Department. 
‘‘(4) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ means a 
highway project, public transportation cap-ital project, freight or passenger rail project, or multimodal project.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘116. National Surface Transportation and 
Innovative Finance Bureau.’’. 
SEC. 9002. COUNCIL ON CREDIT AND FINANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 49, 
United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 117. Council on Credit and Finance 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Transportation shall establish a Council on Credit and Finance in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Council shall be 
composed of the following members: 
‘‘(A) The Under Secretary of Transpor-
tation for Policy. 
‘‘(B) The Chief Financial Officer and As-
sistant Secretary for Budget and Programs. 
‘‘(C) The General Counsel of the Depart-
ment of Transportation. 
‘‘(D) The Assistant Secretary for Transpor-
tation Policy. 
‘‘(E) The Administrator of the Federal 
Highway Administration. ‘‘(F) The Administrator of the Federal 
Transit Administration. 
‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Federal 
Railroad Administration. 
‘‘(2) A DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Secretary 
may designate up to 3 additional officials of the Department to serve as at-large members of the Council. 
‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
‘‘(A) C HAIRPERSON .—The Under Secretary 
of Transportation for Policy shall serve as the chairperson of the Council. 
‘‘(B) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON .—The Chief Finan-
cial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs shall serve as the vice chairperson of the Council. 
‘‘(4) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Executive 
Director of the National Surface Transpor-tation and Innovative Finance Bureau shall serve as a nonvoting member of the Council. 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The Council shall— 
‘‘(1) review applications for assistance sub-
mitted under the programs referred to in sec-tion 116(d)(1); 
‘‘(2) make recommendations to the Sec-
retary regarding the selection of projects to receive assistance under the programs re-ferred to in section 116(d)(1); 
‘‘(3) review, on a regular basis, projects 
that received assistance under the programs referred to in section 116(d)(1); and 
‘‘(4) carry out such additional duties as the 
Secretary may prescribe.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for such chapter is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘117. Council on Credit and Finance.’’. 
TITLE X—SPORT FISH RESTORATION AND 
RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY 
SEC. 10001. ALLOCATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 3 of the Din-
gell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777b) is amended by striking ‘‘57 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘58.012 percent’’. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 4 of the Dingell- 
Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘For each’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘the balance’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year through fiscal year 2021, the balance’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘multistate conservation 
grants under section 14’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-tivities under section 14(e)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘18.5’’ per-
cent and inserting ‘‘18.673 percent’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘18.5 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘17.315 percent’’; 
(D) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4); (E) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (4); and 
(F) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) B
OATING INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An amount equal to 4 
percent to the Secretary of the Interior for qualified projects under section 5604(c) of the Clean Vessel Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 1322 note) and section 7404(d) of the Sportfishing and Boating Safety Act of 1998 (16 U.S.C. 777g– 1(d)). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 75 per-
cent of the amount under subparagraph (A) shall be available for projects under either of the sections referred to in subparagraph (A).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A) by striking ‘‘for 
each’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2021, the Secretary’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(2) S
ET-ASIDE FOR COAST GUARD ADMINIS -
TRATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the annual appro-
priation made in accordance with section 3, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may use no more than the amount specified in subparagraph (B) for the fiscal year for the purposes set forth in section 13107(c) of title 46, United States Code. The amount specified in sub-paragraph (B) for a fiscal year may not be in-cluded in the amount of the annual appro-priation distributed under subsection (a) for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) A
VAILABLE AMOUNTS .—The available 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is— 
‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2016, $7,800,000; ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2017, $7,900,000; ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2018, $8,000,000; ‘‘(iv) for fiscal year 2019, $8,100,000; ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2020, $8,200,000; and ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2021, $8,300,000.’’; and (D) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘until 
the end of the fiscal year.’’ and inserting ‘‘until the end of the subsequent fiscal year.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (c)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘(c) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(c)(1) The Secretary,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘grants under section 14 of 
this title’’ and inserting ‘‘activities under section 14(e)’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘57 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘58.012 percent’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall deduct from the 
amount to be apportioned under paragraph (1) the amounts used for grants under section 14(a).’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘those 
subsections,’’ and inserting ‘‘those para-graphs,’’. 
(c) S
UBMISSION AND APPROVAL OF PLANS  
AND PROJECTS .—Section 6(d) of the Dingell- 
Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777e(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘for appropriations’’ and inserting ‘‘from appro-priations’’. 
(d) U
NEXPENDED OR UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .— 
Section 8(b)(2) of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777g(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘57 percent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘58.012 percent’’. 
(e) C
OOPERATION .—Section 12 of the Din-
gell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777k) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘57 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘58.012 percent’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘under section 4(b)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under section 4(c)’’. 
(f) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—Section 14 of the 
Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777m) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘of each 
annual appropriation made in accordance with the provisions of section 3’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) 
by striking ‘‘Of amounts made available under section 4(b) for each fiscal year—’’ and inserting ‘‘Not more than $1,200,000 of each annual appropriation made in accordance with the provisions of section 3 shall be dis-tributed to the Secretary of the Interior for use as follows:’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(D) by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a period. 
(g) R
EPEAL .—The Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by striking section 15; and (2) by redesignating section 16 as section 
15. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7579 November 3, 2015 
SEC. 10002. RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY. 
Section 13107 of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph 
(2) and subsection (c),’’ and inserting ‘‘Sub-ject to subsection (c),’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the sum of (A) the amount 
made available from the Boat Safety Ac-count for that fiscal year under section 15 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act and (B)’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking the subsection designation 
and paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c)(1)(A) The Secretary may use amounts 
made available each fiscal year under sec-tion 4(b)(2) of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c(b)(2)) for payment of expenses of the Coast Guard for investigations, personnel, and activities di-rectly related to— 
‘‘(i) administering State recreational boat-
ing safety programs under this chapter; or 
‘‘(ii) coordinating or carrying out the na-
tional recreational boating safety program under this title. 
‘‘(B) Of the amounts used by the Secretary 
each fiscal year under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) not less than $2,000,000 is available to 
ensure compliance with chapter 43 of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) not more than $1,500,000 is available to 
conduct a survey of levels of recreational boating participation and related matters in the United States.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘No funds’’ and inserting 
‘‘On and after October 1, 2016, no funds’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘traditionally’’. 
In such matter, strike division C, except— 
(1) the division designation and heading; 
and 
(2) in title XXXIV— (A) the title designation and heading; and (B) subtitles B, C, and D. 
In such matter, strike divisions D, G, and 
H. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 62, line 19, before the semicolon insert 
‘‘and critical commerce corridors’’. 
Page 77, strike lines 6 and 7 and insert the 
following: 
‘‘§ 207. Tribal transportation self-governance 
program 
Page 218, beginning on line 6, amend the 
heading for section 1416 to read as follows: 
SEC. 1416. NATIONAL ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARG-
ING, HYDROGEN, PROPANE, AND NATURAL GAS FUELING CORRIDORS. 
Page 218, line 12, insert ‘‘ propane, ’’ after 
‘‘hydrogen, ’’. 
Page 218, line 17, insert ‘‘propane,’’ after 
‘‘hydrogen,’’. 
Page 218, line 20, insert ‘‘propane fueling 
infrastructure,’’ after ‘‘hydrogen infrastruc-ture,’’. 
Page 218, line 24, insert ‘‘propane,’’ after 
‘‘fuel cell,’’. 
Page 219, lines 5 and 6, insert ‘‘stations’’ 
after ‘‘electric vehicle charging’’. 
Page 219, line 6, insert ‘‘propane fueling 
stations,’’ after ‘‘hydrogen fueling sta-tions,’’. Page 219, line 10, insert ‘‘stations’’ after 
‘‘electric vehicle charging’’. 
Page 219, line 11, insert ‘‘propane fueling 
stations,’’ after ‘‘stations,’’. 
Page 219, line 19, insert ‘‘propane,’’ after 
‘‘fuel cell electric,’’. 
Page 220, line 12, insert ‘‘infrastructure’’ 
after ‘‘electric vehicle charging’’. 
Page 220, line 13, insert ‘‘propane fueling 
infrastructure,’’ after ‘‘infrastructure,’’. 
Page 220, line 20, insert ‘‘infrastructure’’ 
after ‘‘electric vehicle charging’’. 
Page 220, line 21, insert ‘‘propane fueling 
infrastructure,’’ after ‘‘hydrogen infrastruc-ture,’’. 
Page 221, amend the matter following line 
2 to read as follows: 
‘‘151. National electric vehicle charging, hy-
drogen, propane, and natural gas fueling corridors.’’. 
Page 276, line 14, strike the first semicolon 
and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 324, line 1, strike ‘‘ High visibility ’’ 
and insert ‘‘ High-visibility ’’. 
Page 393, line 23, add ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 537, line 15, before the period insert 
‘‘and planning’’. 
Page 543, line 11, strike ‘‘disclose’’ and in-
sert ‘‘disclosure’’. 
Page 553, strike line 11 and all that follows 
through line 2 on page 571. 
Page 604, line 8, strike the closing 
quotation marks. 
Page 604, line 9, insert closing quotation 
marks after ‘‘percent’’. 
Page 606, strike lines 5 through 12 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2016, $7,300,000; ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2017, $7,400,000; ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2018, $7,500,000; ‘‘(iv) for fiscal year 2019, $7,600,000; ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2020, $7,700,000; and ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2021, $7,800,000.’’; and 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, the 
manager’s amendment that I am offer-ing makes technical and conforming changes to the Rules Committee Print. 
This amendment was developed in co-
operation with Ranking Member D
EFA-
ZIO. So I would urge all Members to 
support my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL  
OF CALIFORNIA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as 
follows: 
Page 26, after line 2, insert the following: 
‘‘(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘‘(35) S
HARED -USE PROGRAMS & TECH -
NOLOGIES .—The term ‘‘Shared-Use Programs 
& Technologies’’ refers to projects and pro-grams that utilize innovative mobility tech-nologies to provide alternatives to driving alone, including, but not limited to, carshare, Bikeshare, carpool/vanpool, trans-portation network companies, multimodal 
fare payment system, app based mobility providers, and other innovative projects. ’.’’. 
Page 53, line 3, strike the period and insert 
‘‘; or’’. 
Page 53, after line 3, insert the following 
new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) shared-Use Programs & Technologies 
that have a demonstrated ability to reduce vehicle miles traveled or improve air quality as determined by the Secretary.’’. 
Page 241, strike lines 9 through 10 and in-
sert the following: 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘land-
scaping’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (F) by striking ‘‘or’’; (C) in subparagraph (G) by striking period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) Transit Oriented Shared-Use Pro-
grams and Technologies.’’. 
Page 241, after line 20, add the following: 
‘‘(26) T
RANSIT ORIENTED SHARED -USE PRO -
GRAMS & TECHNOLOGIES .—The term ‘Transit 
Oriented Shared-Use Programs & Tech-nologies’ refers to projects and programs that utilize innovative mobility technologies to better connect users with a transit system including, but not limited to, carshare, Bikeshare, carpool/vanpool, transportation network companies, multimodal fare pay-ment system, app based mobility providers, and other innovative projects that help con-nect users to transit.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Chair, I rise to offer a bipartisan 
amendment with the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) that would 
make it easier for public entities to better utilize the benefits of new and innovative technologies to deliver more and better transportation out-comes. 
I thank my friend, Congressman 
S
CHWEIKERT , for cosponsoring this im-
portant amendment. I also thank the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) 
for his work in the subcommittee on a similar issue. 
In recent years, the Internet, new 
technologies, and shared-use programs 
have revolutionized the way we travel. Our Federal transportation policies, however, must take advantage of these new technologies and shared programs to help reduce traffic congestion, help improve air quality, and better connect users with mass transportation op-tions. 
My amendment is simple. It would 
make eligible projects and programs that utilize innovative mobility tech-nologies to provide alternatives to driving alone under the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improve-ment Program, also known as CMAQ, and the associated transit improve-ment program to better connect users to mass transit systems. 
Allowing States and cities to have 
the flexibility to choose how to better improve transportation outcomes under CMAQ and associated transit im-provement programs can help spur in-novation to create better results for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.006 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7580 November 3, 2015 
transit users, ultimately allowing peo-
ple to spend less time in their car and more time at home with their families. 
I know from driving in my district, 
California’s 15th Congressional Dis-trict, the East Bay, where traffic con-gestion is among the worst in our country, we need to give our States and local governments every oppor-tunity to utilize new technologies and shared programs to reduce traffic. 
Under both CMAQ and associated 
transit improvement programs, State and local entities are already able to partner with private companies. Why not include these new technologies and shared programs to achieve these goals? 
Let me be clear, Mr. Chair. This 
amendment does not mandate that any funding go to any entity, and this amendment does not increase Federal spending by a dime. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, while this 
amendment is well intended, the amendment would dilute the eligi-bilities currently available to States to combat congestion and air. 
We have not had adequate time to de-
termine if there are any unintended consequences of providing eligibility for broadly expanding the eligibilities to include things like car share, bike share, and transportation network companies. 
Additionally, this amendment in-
cludes these new eligibilities in the as-sociated transit improvement man-date. The mandate hurts local flexi-bility and could have serious unin-tended consequences. 
Our bill worked to reform this man-
date. So I reluctantly urge all Members to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
My amendment also would allow 
States and local governments to part-ner with innovative technologies that best serve transit systems. For exam-ple, by explicitly including car-sharing and bike-sharing companies, like Lyft, a California-based company, we can both reduce congestion and improve air quality while ensuring people have ac-cess to mass transportation. 
According to a research done by UC 
Berkeley, there are 32 car-sharing oper-ators in the United States with over 1.1 million members and 16,754 vehicles. These car-sharing and bike-sharing ex-amples are just a few of the many op-portunities that would be explicitly available to States and local govern-ments. 
Thirty cities have bike-sharing sys-
tems with over 17,000 bikes available. In 2013, a survey of Capital Bikeshare here in the Capital City found that 
users drove 4.4 million fewer miles to access this program. 
Also, it is important to note that 
these technologies and shared pro-grams are already being implemented by cities across the country. Compa-nies like Lyft and Uber are working in coordination with city governments to better connect workers to transit op-tions. Lyft, for one, is now integrated in the Dallas Area Rapid Transit app, offering riders another option to start or end their transit trips. 
This amendment makes an important 
step toward using technology and shared programs to create a fully inte-grated transit system and improve its effectiveness. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield to 
the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ). 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chair, I 
thank my friend from California and my fellow Members who I just pushed out of the way. 
Look, I know that we are discussing 
a transportation bill. But if you look at an amendment like this, the under-standing of what is coming at us tech-nology-wise, information, its ability to change how we look at moving our-selves, moving people, moving goods, moving freight, the amendment just basically directs the embracing of the information age and the opportunity that provides to actually deal with crowded roads, deal with congestion, and actually provide us some optionality out there. 
That is one of the reasons I stand be-
hind this microphone and actually sort of stand behind my friend’s amend-ment. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . WALDEN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I offer 
my amendment. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 67, strike lines 1 and 2 and insert the 
following: 
‘‘(ii) a highway or bridge project carried 
out on the National Highway System, in-cluding— 
‘‘(I) a project to add capacity to the Inter-
state System to improve mobility; and ‘‘(II) a project in a national scenic area; 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today 
in support of this bipartisan amend-ment, which clarifies the eligibility of projects within national scenic areas under the nationally significant freight and highway project section of this leg-islation. 
I thank Representatives J
AIME HER-
RERA BEUTLER , EARLBLUMENAUER , and 
GARRET GRAVES for cosponsoring this 
important amendment with me. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO, Chairman G RAVES , 
and Ranking Member H OLMES NORTON  
for their support as well. 
Across the Nation, there are 12 na-
tional scenic areas in 8 States, includ-ing the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, which is the largest scenic area in the United States. 
This Federal overlay consists of 
292,500 acres along 85 miles of the Co-lumbia River in Oregon and Wash-ington, encompassing 6 counties in 13 different communities and subjecting the area to unique land use develop-ment restrictions. Ninety percent of the scenic area is subject to strict land use and development restrictions, in-cluding 114,600 acres of special manage-ment area and 71,000 acres of national forestlands. 
While scenic areas like the Columbia 
Gorge provide tourist opportunities to thousands of visiting Americans from all across the country, this unique Fed-eral involvement provides distinct challenges in promoting growth of the local economy while conserving nat-ural beauty of the lands within the gorge. 
b1530 
Transportation infrastructure is an 
essential component to efficiently serve the interests of both local resi-dents and visitors to the scenic area. 
There is a strong need for regional 
transportation planning and improve-ment to major transportation ele-ments. That would include things such as the Hood River interstate bridge and the Bridge of the Gods at Cascade Locks. Together these amount to 5.2 million bridge crossings each year and the transfer of $110 million in goods, but they are deteriorating and defi-cient, and they are in need of major improvements. In fact, one of the bridges, the Hood River interstate bridge, was recently hit by a barge, which has caused some consternation about the damage that may have oc-curred there. 
Clarifying the eligibility of the sce-
nic areas throughout the Nation for transportation grant funding would help ensure that these areas are eligi-ble for meaningful funding opportuni-ties to enhance infrastructure within these unique federally managed areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.049 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7581 November 3, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this 
amendment to ensure that federally designated scenic areas like the Colum-bia River Gorge are eligible for these funds. 
I yield to the gentleman from Lou-
isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), the coauthor of 
this amendment, for his comments. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, 
Congressman W ALDEN , Congresswoman 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Congressman B LU-
MENAUER , and others who worked to 
get to a point where we all could come to common agreement on this. 
The chairman included in this bill an 
important program called the Nation-ally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program. This program estab-lishes a competitive grant opportunity for States, for metropolitan planning organizations, and for local govern-ments to the tune of over $740 million annually. 
Mr. Chairman, this recognizes the 
fact that we have massive needs in transportation infrastructure that re-main unaddressed. In my home city of Baton Rouge, you can see right here on this poster board, Mr. Chairman, that, for a midsized city, we have the worst traffic in the Nation. This is a snapshot of Google Maps taken just a few hours ago showing all the extraordinary traf-fic. 
Right here is one place in the Nation 
where the interstate going from Cali-fornia to Florida drops down to one lane. It shouldn’t be a surprise to any-one that it is all red and shows extraor-dinarily backed-up traffic. An average of 47 hours a year folks from this re-gion sit in traffic. 
What this amendment does is it actu-
ally provides criteria for the United States Department of Transportation to consider when awarding grants under this competitive program. One of the criteria is ensuring mobility for ad-dressing bottlenecks like this in sub-standard interstate systems to ensure the flow of traffic, to give back those 47 hours to the folks from the capital re-gion of Louisiana so they can spend time with their families, so they can spend more time at work, so they can be more productive citizens, and so we can have lower emissions. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank 
Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-
ber D EFAZIO for working with us on 
this amendment. I urge adoption of this amendment. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, al-
though I am not opposed to the amend-ment, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition so I may comment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Or-
egon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I 
strongly support this amendment and both its objectives, the Nationally Sig-
nificant Freight and Highway Projects, under section 1111 of the rules, and the National Scenic Areas. I am quite fa-miliar with the area mentioned by Rep-resentative W
ALDEN and the very sce-
nic $1 tolled one-way Bridge of the Gods. It is a critical link. If it is not re-paired or replaced, it is quite a long drive in either direction. This eligi-bility is potentially critical to getting Federal partnership in that project. There are other areas around the coun-try which suffer from similar problems. I recommend this amendment to my colleagues. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my colleague from southern Oregon. I appreciate his support and that of my other colleagues in the Northwest and the chairman of the committee. I would urge adoption of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 144, line 6, before the semicolon insert 
the following: ‘‘(to include, at a minimum, the total number of environmental reviews initiated through a notice of intent, the total average cost for environmental reviews to taxpayers and contractors, and the total average time it takes agencies to get from a notice of intent to publication of a final en-vironmental review)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer a commonsense amend-ment to this transportation bill. This simple amendment requires the Fed-eral Government to start keeping track of costs and time required for an environmental review undertaken for transportation projects in the new on-line database established by this bill. 
Last year GAO released a comprehen-
sive audit of NEPA and found that there is currently no system in place for the Federal Government to track such information. It defies common sense that the Federal Government has no idea how long environmental re-views take or how much these reviews actually cost taxpayers and job cre-ators. 
While scant information on this mat-
ter is available, GAO was able to iden-tify that, within the Department of En-
ergy, the average cost paid for a NEPA review was $6.6 million and that, shockingly, some environmental re-views cost nearly $90 million. 
In addition to the GAO report, a new 
report issued by the National Associa-tion of Environmental Professionals re-leased just last week found that: 
It took agencies an average of 1,709 days to 
get from a notice of intent, the first step in preparing an EIS, to publication of a final EIS. That is 4 days longer than the previous record set in 2013 and up from fewer than 1,200 days in 2000. 
The report found that it takes the 
National Highway Administration 61⁄2 
years to complete an environmental study, 6
1⁄2years before we can start 
work on construction projects. But the Federal Government can’t even verify or dispute that number because they don’t even track that information. These unnecessary delays would make Buzz Lightyear from ‘‘Toy Story’’ blush. His time mantra, ‘‘to infinity and beyond,’’ is inappropriate for NEPA. NEPA studies should not be al-lowed to linger in perpetuity. 
Contractors and folks in the con-
struction industry are sitting on the sidelines losing time and money. Some have reported waiting as long as 10 years on environmental studies before beginning work. The current system fails to provide certainty, and the cur-rent bureaucracy associated with this process is killing jobs. 
While the Federal Government 
doesn’t seem to care to track this in-formation, these reports confirm what exasperated contractors and frustrated taxpayers have known for years: the average time it takes to conduct an en-vironmental review is growing. Each year more than a month is added to the average time it takes to complete these studies. 
My amendment will increase trans-
parency for this process by requiring the Federal Government to start keep-ing track of the time, cost, and number of environmental studies conducted for transportation projects. 
This amendment is a responsible, 
commonsense step that a government accountable to the people should take to show proper stewardship of the public’s dollar, time, and resources. If you support government account-ability and transparency, you should support this amendment. 
I thank the chair and the ranking 
member for their tireless efforts to find a long-term transportation solution. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Or-
egon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, we are 
still in the process of implementing en-vironmental streamlining from MAP– 21, and yet this bill contains additional environmental streamlining that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.055 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7582 November 3, 2015 
think will yield great results. We al-
ready have an accountability section at DOT with the Dashboard, and I would argue, given the fact that an-other section of this bill does further environmental streamlining on top of that which is still pending to be imple-mented, that it is unnecessary and, in fact, would be perhaps contradictory to the intent of the gentleman because of the time involved. It would essentially be like a billing in the private sector where every 15 minutes you are writing down that you had to call this agency to talk about this or you had to review this letter or this document, and that is attributable to the environmental review versus some other part of the review. I think it would be problem-atic. 
I would urge Members to oppose this 
amendment and to support the bill be-cause of the environmental stream-lining that is in there. Let that envi-ronmental streamlining take effect; and a year or two down the road, if we feel that there are unaccountable delays, then we can look at ways to track that better. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I would 
ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment in the fact that trans-parency doesn’t hurt anybody. We need to look back at the process, and that should be for everybody—for the tax-payer, for the construction companies, for the States in which this is occur-ring. Transparency will show it all and leave nothing behind. It is great to im-plement this at the start of the proc-ess, not later on in the implementa-tion. That is where common sense be-leaguers me. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask everybody to 
vote for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I would 
urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment as it is unnecessary and, actually, time consuming, given the environmental streamlining in the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 198, line 24, after the first period in-
sert the following: ‘‘The route referred to in subsection (c)(84) is designated as Interstate 
Route I–14.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to begin by thanking Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIOand their staffs for their coopera-
tion and assistance in moving this amendment forward. I would also like to thank the commissioners and the staff of the Texas Department of Transportation. 
I insert in the R
ECORD a letter of sup-
port for these efforts from Retired Lieutenant General Joe Weber. 
TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF  
TRANSPORTATION , 
Austin, TX, October 29, 2015. 
Re High Priority Corridors on the National 
Highway System in Texas 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ETER DEFAZIO, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER AND RANKING  
MEMBER DEFAZIO: The Texas Department of 
Transportation (TxDOT) is supportive of Congressional action to enhance the highway system in Texas and designate additional portions of that system as high priority cor-ridors and future interstates. 
TxDOT has facilitated communication 
with affected communities and interested parties along the Central Texas Corridor and U.S. 190, which is proposed to be a future sec-tion of the interstate 14 corridor. The route is important for east-west connectivity with-in the state and provides an important link to military facilities, to metropolitan areas, and Texas’ existing and future interstate system. 
If I can be of additional assistance, please 
contact me or your staff may contact Me-lissa Meyer in the TxDOT Federal Affairs Section. 
Sincerely, 
L
TGENJ.F. W EBER , USMC (R ET), 
Executive Director. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I am hon-
ored to offer on behalf of my State of Texas, our military, and all Americans this amendment to designate the cen-tral Texas corridor as the first segment of what I truly believe will be Amer-ica’s next great highway, Interstate 14. 
As Supreme Allied Commander of Eu-
rope, General Dwight D. Eisenhower understood the critical importance of a reliable system of high-speed, high-ca-pacity roadways to move across great distances the hardware and personnel that a modern military requires. 
As Commander in Chief, President 
Eisenhower applied these same prin-ciples to his domestic agenda with his championing of the Interstate Highway System. This allows our military to maintain maximum effectiveness and readiness, both in times of peace and in times of crisis. But even President Ei-senhower could not have foreseen the incredible impact that the interstate system has had for almost every Amer-ican family and business on a daily basis. Congress should not be in the busi-
ness of designating a new interstate just because it can. A new interstate should truly serve the national inter-ests on a number of levels. I am pleased to say, though, that the proposal of I– 14 does not just meet these require-ments; it far exceeds them. There is a reason this interstate already has a nickname, ‘‘Forts to Ports,’’ as it pro-vides either direct or very close access for some of our country’s most strate-gically important military and ship-ping assets. 
I want to be very clear to my col-
leagues that this amendment that I am offering today only impacts my State of Texas and is just the first step in a long process for establishing a new interstate highway. Even one that builds upon many roadways that are already interstate grade is no small task. It requires buy-in from all the States involved, and the Interstate 14 coalition is working to get the con-sensus and the support that we have in Texas from all of these State DOTs and other stakeholders. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to adopt my amendment. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), 
my friend and colleague, a strong sup-porter of this amendment and former member of the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure whose work in years past on this issue has helped lead us to where we are today. 
b1545 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of Mr. B
ABIN’s amend-
ment to designate 30 miles of existing freeway from Copperas Cove, Texas, to I–35 in Belton as U.S. Interstate 14. 
As the Texas Department of Trans-
portation has previously acknowl-edged, the route is important for east- west connectivity and provides an im-portant link to military facilities, met-ropolitan areas, and Texas’ existing and future interstate systems. 
This highway will connect two of the 
Nation’s largest military bases: Fort Bliss and Fort Hood. U.S. 190, the free-way from the front gate of Fort Hood to I–35 is already at interstate stand-ards. 
Mr. Chairman, we are seeking Fed-
eral statutory designation as a high- priority corridor and future interstate highway in order to save travel time, make this route the heart of a con-nector for freight, and link Army in-stallations and strategic ports. 
In God we trust. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.057 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7583 November 3, 2015 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 221, before line 3, insert the following 
new subsection: 
(c) O PERATION OF BATTERY RECHARGING  
STATIONS IN PARKING AREAS USED BY FED-
ERAL EMPLOYEES .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of 
General Services may install, construct, op-erate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station in a parking area that is in the custody, control, or ad-ministrative jurisdiction of the General Services Administration for the use of only privately owned vehicles of employees of the General Services Administration, tenant Federal agencies, and others who are author-ized to park in such area to the extent such use by only privately owned vehicles does not interfere with or impede access to the equipment by Federal fleet vehicles. 
(B) D
ELEGATION .—The Administrator of 
General Services may install, construct, op-erate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station in a parking area that is in the custody, control, or ad-ministrative jurisdiction of another Federal agency, at the request of such agency, or del-egate such authority to another Federal agency to the extent such use by only pri-vately owned vehicles does not interfere with or impede access to the equipment by Fed-eral fleet vehicles. 
(C) U
SE OF VENDORS .—The Administrator of 
General Services, with respect to subpara-graphs (A) and (B), or the head of a Federal agency delegated authority, with respect to subparagraph (B), may carry such subpara-graph through a contract with a vendor, under such terms and conditions (including terms relating to the allocation between the Federal agency and the vendor of the costs of carrying out the contract) as the Adminis-trator or the head of the Federal agency, as the case may be, and the vendor may agree to. 
(2) I
MPOSITION OF FEES TO COVER COSTS .— 
(A) F EES.—The Administrator of General 
Services or the head of the Federal agency delegated authority under paragraph (1)(B) shall charge fees to the individuals who use the battery recharging station in such amount as is necessary to ensure that the re-spective agency recovers all of the costs such agency incurs in installing, constructing, op-erating, and maintaining the station. 
(B) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .— 
Any fees collected by the Administrator of General Services or the Federal agency, as the case may be, under this paragraph shall be— 
(i) deposited monthly in the Treasury to 
the credit of the respective agency’s appro-priations account for the operations of the building where the battery recharging sta-tion is located; and 
(ii) available for obligation without further 
appropriation during— 
(I) the fiscal year collected; and (II) the fiscal year following the fiscal year 
collected. 
(3) N
O EFFECT ON EXISTING PROGRAMS FOR  
HOUSE AND SENATE .—Nothing in this sub-
section may be construed to affect the in-stallation, construction, operation, or main-tenance of battery recharging stations by the Architect of the Capitol— 
(A) under Public Law 112–170 (2 U.S.C. 2171), 
relating to employees of the House of Rep-resentatives and individuals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdic-tion of the House of Representatives on the Capitol Grounds; or (B) under Public Law 112–167 (2 U.S.C. 2170), 
relating to employees of the Senate and indi-viduals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Senate on the Capitol Grounds. 
(4) N
O EFFECT ON SIMILAR AUTHORITIES .— 
Nothing in this subsection may be construed as repealing or limiting any existing au-thorities of a Federal agency to install, con-struct, operate, or maintain battery re-charging stations. 
(5) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 10 years, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works a report describing— 
(A) the number of battery recharging sta-
tions installed by the Administrator on its own initiative under this subsection; 
(B) requests from other Federal agencies to 
install battery recharging stations; 
(C) delegations of authority to other Fed-
eral agencies under this subsection; and 
(D) the status and disposition of requests 
from other Federal agencies. 
(6) F
EDERAL AGENCY DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘Federal agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code. 
(7) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection shall 
apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chair, I am hon-
ored to offer this amendment today with my Democrat colleagues from California, Ms. L
OFGREN and Ms. 
ESHOO . 
This amendment would allow the 
General Services Administration, or the GSA, to construct, install, and op-erate electric vehicle charging stations for private vehicle use at Federal fa-cilities at no cost to the taxpayer. 
In 2012, Congress passed legislation 
with broad bipartisan support to allow Members of Congress and their staff to access EV charging stations on Capitol grounds for a fee. Federal agencies cur-rently lack the authority to install and operate electric vehicle charging sta-tions. So Federal employees are unable to charge their electric vehicles while at work. 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ). 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased that we are considering this amendment today. In fact, the genesis of this idea came to me in a con-stituent letter in February 2014. I was contacted by a constituent who works at a local Federal facility who was sur-prised and dismayed that he was un-able to charge his electric car at work. 
We found that, due to a quirk in the 
reading of current law, Federal agen-cies were prevented from providing EV charging facilities for personal use by their employees. 
Thanks to this constituent’s sugges-
tions, I introduced a bill last Congress, the EV-COMUTE Act, to allow Federal agencies to provide charging stations for their employees at no cost to the 
taxpayer. 
I am grateful to my colleagues, Mr. 
M
ASSIE and Ms. E SHOO , for joining me 
in this effort, both as cosponsors of the EV-COMUTE and of this amendment. 
This story is a great example of de-
mocracy at work and the power of cit-izen participation in generating ideas. After two Congresses of introducing the EV-COMUTE, I am happy to sup-port this amendment here today. 
It is a straightforward amendment 
that will make Federal workplaces more efficient, flexible, and innovative by allowing the GSA to install and op-erate electric car charging stations at Federal facilities for use by employees at no cost to the taxpayer, fully cov-ered by user fees. 
Currently, if Members of Congress 
and their staff choose to drive an elec-tric vehicle to work at the U.S. Cap-itol, we have the option to pay a fee to plug in our vehicle so that it will be fully charged and ready to go when we leave. But our constituents that work at Federal agencies outside the Capitol don’t have the option. 
My district in Silicon Valley con-
tinues to lead in advancing innovation in the EV charging industry. Yet, near-ly 5,000 Federal employees in my dis-trict do not have access to charging fa-cilities at work. 
Congress approved electric vehicle 
recharging at the U.S. Capitol complex with strong bipartisan support in the House and Senate. This amendment corrects the disparity and allows Fed-eral employees more choices in how they commute; gives the GSA and agencies flexibility on whether to pro-vide charging, how to provide it, in-cluding through contractors; improves air quality while reducing reliance on foreign oil; and does so at no cost to the taxpayer. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment to expand workplace charging and transportation options. I thank Mr. M
ASSIE for being my partner 
in supporting and pursuing this innova-tion. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chair, American 
companies are leading the world in de-velopment of electric vehicle tech-nology. All we are asking for in this amendment is to enable the infrastruc-ture to be built at no cost to the tax-payer. 
Providing access to electric vehicle 
charging stations will give Federal em-ployees enhanced flexibility in pur-chasing vehicles and more options in their commute. The construction, in-stallation, and operation of the charg-ing stations would be covered by user fees. So taxpayers would incur no cost. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, this amendment 
makes a very simple change to existing law that will allow federal employees to plug in their electric vehicles at work. 
I was surprised to learn last year that my 
constituents who work and volunteer at federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.062 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7584 November 3, 2015 
facilities cannot charge their electric vehicle 
(EV) at their workplace. As the nation’s largest employer, the federal government should lead by example in terms of offering workplace charging. However, a quirk in existing law pro-hibits federal agencies from constructing charging stations or even entering into con-
tracts with third parties to build charging infra-structure. 
This amendment would simply authorize the 
federal government to install EV charging sta-tions at federal facilities. It is based on the text of the bipartisan H.R. 3509, which I introduced together with Representatives M
ASSIE , LOF-
GREN , and W OODALL , and it was recently ap-
proved by the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee by voice vote as an amendment to H.R. 8. 
This straightforward amendment does not 
contain any mandates or new spending, it sim-ply allows federal agencies to offer EV charg-ing stations and charge a fee for their use. The amendment is modeled after a successful initiative here at the U.S. Capitol. It requires stations to be installed and operated with funds collected from the use of the stations. This small but commonsense change to the law will ensure the U.S. remains a leader in clean energy deployment and would expand transportation options for many of our constitu-ents at no cost to the taxpayer. 
I urge my colleagues to support this simple, 
bipartisan amendment. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . 
FLEISCHMANN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end of subtitle D of title I of di-
vision A the following new section: 
SEC. 1431. USE OF DURABLE, RESILIENT, AND 
SUSTAINABLE MATERIALS AND PRACTICES. 
To the extent practicable, the Secretary 
shall encourage the use of durable, resilient, and sustainable materials and practices, in-cluding the use of geosynthetic materials and other innovative technologies, in car-rying out the activities of the Federal High-way Administration. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of this amendment, which will support the geosynthetic materials industry in this country. 
My amendment encourages the Fed-
eral Highway Administration to use geosynthetic material. Similar lan-guage, Mr. Chairman, encouraging the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was in the WRRDA bill and has been passed into law. 
If I may, Mr. Chairman, 
geosynthetics are a family of civil en-gineering solutions used in our na-
tional infrastructure. Since their intro-duction in the 1960s, geosynthetics are a proven versatile and cost-effective roadway reinforcement solution to our transportation needs. 
Their use has expanded into nearly 
all areas of civil and environmental en-gineering. This is a complementary material to traditional roadway and provides an alternative to traditional methods. 
If I may, the cost savings are tremen-
dous. Geosynthetics are less costly to produce, transport, and install than comparable products and involves cost savings to the United States taxpayer. 
Reduced maintenance costs over time 
of the roadway have been proven with geosynthetic use. In addition, they have rapid construction and deploy-ment. It is very flexible and quick to employ, including in inclement weath-er. 
Most of all, Mr. Chairman, this is an 
American jobs amendment. Over 40 manufacturers in North America produce geosynthetic materials. Also, 13,200 American jobs are involved in this. It is cost-effective, and it in-creases American jobs. This is some-thing Members from both sides of the aisle support. 
I respectfully urge my colleagues to 
support this amendment to this trans-portation bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
In the base bill, we have included 
measures to encourage States to build smart or right-size projects for prac-tical design, and this amendment com-plements those efforts. 
Specifically, it mentions the use of 
geosynthetic materials, which the Fed-eral Highway Administration has been promoting to speed up and reduce the cost of bridge construction as part of its Every Day Counts initiative. 
Use of geosynthetic fabrics to rein-
force soil can reduce erosion at the point where bridge and road meet, which reduces maintenance costs and provides environmental benefits. 
All of these approaches help ensure 
that we are able to stretch the limited dollars we have to make meaningful improvements to our roads and bridges. It is a meritorious amendment by the gentleman. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. I want to thank 
my colleague. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 233, after line 17, insert the following: 
SEC. 1431. STUDY ON STATE PROCUREMENT OF 
CULVERT AND STORM SEWER MATE-RIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate the methods in which States pro-cure culvert and storm sewer materials and the impact of those methods on project costs, including the extent to which such methods take into account environmental principles, engineering principles, and the varying needs of projects based on geo-graphic location. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
also congratulate Chairman S HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for 
bringing this important bill to the floor. 
I am pleased to offer this bipartisan 
amendment with my colleague from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) to study 
culvert and storm sewer procurement methods. 
Culvert and storm sewer materials 
have been subject to a unique procure-ment process in recent years. In pre-vious legislation, SAFETEA-LU, States were instructed to provide for competition in culvert procurement similar to the process for other con-struction materials used in highway projects. In MAP–21, States were given full autonomy, accounting for engi-neering principles. 
My simple amendment instructs the 
Secretary of Transportation to study methods used by States to procure cul-vert and storm sewer materials and re-port their findings to the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee. This study will enable us to better un-derstand how costs, environmental and engineering principles, and other unique factors impact the States’ pro-curement process. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from 
California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) to speak 
in support of the amendment. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
certainly want to thank my colleague, Mr. G
IBBS, for introducing this very 
important amendment. 
I do strongly support this amend-
ment that requests a DOT study re-garding the federally funded materials used by the States for culvert and stormwater pipes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.025 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7585 November 3, 2015 
This issue was brought to my atten-
tion in my area in Los Angeles by com-panies that were being forced out of competition for federally funded trans-portation projects. The States were having a little problem and were the local governments that sole-sourced materials. 
State and local governments should 
be allowed to have open and fair com-petition on the best products available for use in these sewer and culvert sys-tems. 
Mr. G
IBBS’ amendment, which I am 
happy to cosponsor, requires the De-partment again to study and report to Congress on these materials in order to ensure that taxpayer funds are being spent in a most cost-effective and effi-cient way. 
I am very grateful to my colleague. I 
thank him for allowing me to co-offer this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. GIBBS. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GIBSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of divi-
sion A, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 1431. STRATEGY TO ADDRESS STRUC-
TURALLY DEFICIENT BRIDGES. 
The Secretary shall develop a comprehen-
sive strategy to address structurally defi-cient and functionally obsolete bridges, as defined by the National Bridge Inventory, to identify the unique challenges posed by bridges in each of these respective cat-egories, and to address such separate chal-lenges and improve the condition of such bridges. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit a report containing initial recommendations to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. Not later than 1 year after such date of enactment, the Secretary shall transmit to such committees the final strat-egy required by this section. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of an amendment I of-fered along with my fellow colleagues from New York, Representative S
EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY , JOHN KATKO , and 
JERRY NADLER . This amendment will 
improve the safety of bridges across New York State and, indeed, across the Nation. 
As you are aware, Mr. Chairman, our 
national bridges are in desperate need of repair. In New York, this is espe-
cially true. In 2015, the American Soci-ety of Civil Engineers graded New York’s network of bridges as a dismal D-plus. New York ranks second worst in the Nation in functionally obsolete bridges and 12th worst when it comes to structurally deficient bridges. 
This is not an issue limited to New 
York. Across the Nation, more than one in nine bridges are graded as struc-turally deficient, and more than 84,000 functionally obsolete bridges are still in use. 
Mr. Chairman, our amendment does 
something positive and constructive about it by directing the DOT to de-velop a strategy to address struc-turally deficient and functionally obso-lete bridges. 
b1600 
Notably, these two categories require 
different policy solutions but too often they are treated the same. By requir-ing this strategy, we will allow for ef-fective oversight by the people through their Representatives here in the U.S. House. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their 
strong work in the committee. I urge support of this amendment so we can develop a strategy to address the qual-ity of bridges across this Nation which will help keep our people safe and help strengthen our economy. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I really appreciate the gentleman’s 
work here in pointing out the problem with our bridges, not just in New York, but nationwide, 147,000 deficient bridges. In fact, as one of the few Democrats who opposed the so-called stimulus bill, I said at the time we would have been better served had we invested that money in projects, real projects, as opposed to tax cuts. 
One thing I suggested was how about 
a plan to rebuild all of the deficient bridges in America, put a million or so people to work, and solve a long-term problem. That wasn’t to be, but this brings new focus to the issue, and, hopefully, we will get around to deal-ing with this issue in the near future with the information to be gleaned from this report. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. 1431. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE STUDY ON COST OF COMPLI-ANCE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that describes the cost to the Federal Highway Administration of com-pliance with Federal statutes and regula-tions as a percentage of the overall spending by such Administration. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 507, the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Hampshire. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of my amendment to the bipartisan Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act. 
Each year, we authorize funding for 
highway projects all across America. The underlying bill we are discussing today provides both much-needed Fed-eral funding, but also necessary long- term certainty for planning transpor-tation projects. 
The funds provided are critical for 
maintaining our current roads and highways, improving our infrastruc-ture, and creating new infrastructure across the country, something that is especially important for many rural areas like those in the Granite State. But like many projects that use tax-payer dollars, burdensome regulations and inefficiencies often drive up the cost of projects and cause delays in the final project. 
My amendment is simple. It would 
require the Government Account-ability Office to conduct a study to un-derstand the purchasing power of the Federal highway dollars and quantify the things that weaken it, such as these burdensome regulations. 
At a time when we face immense 
budgetary constraints, we should be ex-amining how each and every dollar is being spent. Granite Staters sent me to Washington to shed light on how we spend their tax dollars, and this amendment achieves just that. 
There is no doubt that these highway 
projects are beneficial and necessary for millions of Americans, but even the necessary and important projects should have proper oversight. It is just simply about good government. 
Hardworking Granite Staters know 
how to stretch a dollar, and it should be no different for the Federal Govern-ment. This amendment allows us to identify the true cost of infrastructure projects. We should be doing all we can to ensure our tax dollars are being spent wisely and efficiently so these projects are completed on time and on budget. 
I want to thank the chair and the 
ranking member, and I urge my col-leagues to support my amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.067 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7586 November 3, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). The gentleman from Oregon 
is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I agree 
that regulations often need scrutiny and revision and sometimes elimi-nation, but this bill undertakes a good deal of streamlining, both in the envi-ronmental area and in other processes. 
So, if we were to go down the road of 
a study looking at these programs, I would say a study that is a little broader, which would look at both the costs and benefits of regulation, would be useful. I don’t think this one-sided study would be particularly useful. 
If we want to understand the pur-
chasing power of our highway dollars, we only need to look at the fact that Congress has failed to increase the gas tax since 1993, during which time the purchasing power, due to inflation and construction costs, has diminished by a good 40 percent or more. Whether or not we will be allowed to take action on significant revenues under this bill is still being deliberated upstairs in the Rules Committee with amendments that might or might not be allowed to be offered. 
I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. HANNA. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of divi-
sion A, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1431. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Na-
tion’s engineering industry continues to pro-vide critical technical expertise, innovation, and local knowledge to Federal and State agencies in order to efficiently deliver sur-face transportation projects to the public, and Congress recognizes the valuable con-tributions made by the Nation’s engineering industry and urges the Secretary to rein-force those partnerships by encouraging State and local agencies to take full advan-tage of engineering industry capabilities to strengthen project performance, improve do-mestic competitiveness, and create jobs. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from New York (Mr. H
ANNA ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. HANNA. Madam Chairman, this 
bipartisan amendment presents a sim-ple, nonbinding sense of Congress rec-ognizing the value of private sector en-gineering services in delivering road, 
bridge, and public transportation projects of all natures. Nearly identical language was included in the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act last year, which we adopted with over-whelming support on both sides of the aisle. 
Local engineering firms in each of 
our districts play an important role in partnering with State and local agen-cies to deliver transportation projects. Just as States use private contractors to build roads and bridges, they utilize private engineering companies to de-sign them. 
While many DOTs partner well with 
private engineering firms, some States do not take advantage of the services and expertise available. Local firms are essentially shut out from competing for federally funded projects. 
There is no one-size-fits-all approach 
to balancing private and public sector engineering expertise. But let me be clear: This amendment is not about privatization; it is about options. 
Private firms will be the first to 
argue that we must have trained and experienced engineers within the DOTs to manage, design, and oversee the many programs. This is about encour-aging States to strike the balance that works best for them. Collaboration be-tween public and private engineers is essential in delivering the highest quality and most cost-effective projects. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
commonsense, bipartisan bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair, I 
claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment because it does encourage State DOTs to utilize the private sector for engi-neering and design services. The States deserve that flexibility to decide whether it is more cost effective and efficient to utilize their own staff or to contract with the private sector to de-liver such transportation projects. 
The adoption of this language will 
encourage outsourcing and will waste already scarce transportation dollars. Countless studies from across the Na-
tion confirm that outsourcing engi-neering and design services on trans-portation projects is more expensive than using publicly owned engineers and does not speed up project delivery. 
In California alone, they spend 
$237,000 per outsourced engineer per year, compared to $116,000 per State- employed engineer, according to the 2014 State budget. 
Louisiana spends $197,942 per 
outsourced engineer per year, com-pared to $82,364 for a State-employed engineer, according to the consulting firm contracted by the State in 2014 to recommend cost-savings measures. 
Tennessee DOT found they could save 
15 percent if it brought in more in- house engineers. Colorado DOT also studied the issue, 
and they saved 29 percent by bringing the engineering and design services in- house. 
Adding this language into Federal 
law would be a first step toward incentivizing, or even mandating, the use of private sector for engineering and design services. 
States should be allowed to use pub-
lic engineers if they believe that the public engineers are the most effective at, one, protecting the public interest, and two, ensuring public safety. 
I would like to mention that the pro-
fessional engineers in California and the Governor are opposed, as are the transportation trades. 
Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to 
oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HANNA. Madam Chair, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the chairman of the full 
committee. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gen-
tleman, and I support this bipartisan amendment. 
It presents a simple sense of Congress 
on the value of utilizing private sector engineering and design services for en-hanced project delivery, so I commend Mr. H
ANNA and Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY from New York. 
There was identical language in 
WRRDA last year, so I urge all Mem-bers to support this amendment. 
Mr. HANNA. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. H
ANNA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Divi-
sion A of the bill, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . ELIMINATION OF BARRIERS TO IM-
PROVE AT-RISK BRIDGES. 
(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORIZATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Until the Secretary of the 
Interior takes the action described in sub-section (b), the take of nesting swallows to facilitate a construction project on a bridge eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, with any component condition rating of 3 or less (as defined by the National Bridge Inventory General Condition Guid-ance issued by the Federal Highway Admin-istration) is authorized under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.) be-tween April 1 and August 31. 
(2) M
EASURES TO MINIMIZE IMPACTS .— 
(A) N OTIFICATION BEFORE TAKING .—Prior to 
the taking of nesting swallows authorized under paragraph (1), any person taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains— 
(i) the name of the person acting under the 
authority of paragraph (1) to take nesting swallows; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.072 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7587 November 3, 2015 
(ii) a list of practicable measures that will 
be undertaken to minimize or mitigate sig-nificant adverse impacts on the population of that species; 
(iii) the time period during which activi-
ties will be carried out that will result in the taking of that species; and 
(iv) an estimate of the number of birds, by 
species, to be taken in the proposed action. 
(B) N
OTIFICATION AFTER TAKING .—Not later 
than 60 days after the taking of nesting swal-lows authorized under paragraph (1), any per-son taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains the number of birds, by species, taken in the action. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF TAKE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in consultation with the Secretary, shall promulgate a regulation under the au-thority of section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) authorizing the take of nesting swallows to facilitate bridge repair, maintenance, or construction— 
(A) without individual permit require-
ments; and 
(B) under terms and conditions determined 
to be consistent with treaties relating to mi-gratory birds that protect swallow species occurring in the United States. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—On the effective date of 
a final rule under this subsection by the Sec-retary of the Interior, subsection (a) shall have no force or effect. 
(c) S
USPENSION OR WITHDRAWAL OF TAKE 
AUTHORIZATION .—If the Secretary of the In-
terior, in consultation with the Secretary, determines that taking of nesting swallows carried out under the authority provided in subsection (a)(1) is having a significant ad-verse impact on swallow populations, the 
Secretary of the Interior may suspend that authority through publication in the Federal Register. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to offer an amendment that is critical to the safety of our traveling public. 
Over 2 million trips are taken every 
day across failing bridges in the United States. This is unacceptable. We need to make sure repairs are made in a timely and efficient manner so human lives can be protected. We can start by removing unnecessary and overly bur-densome barriers to maintenance. 
Barn or cliff swallows, whichever you 
want to call them, nest under bridges, sometimes in the thousands. Their nesting period can last from April to August, which is prime construction season. These birds are not endangered, but they are protected under the Mi-gratory Bird Treaty Act. Because of this law, the birds cannot be disturbed, and State Departments of Transpor-tation must develop plans for dealing with the birds in every bridge mainte-nance, repair, rehab, or replacement project. 
Because these plans are so burden-
some, contractors often delay their work until after the nesting period so they don’t have to risk violating the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and face Federal prosecution. Delaying the work puts the safety of the traveling 
public at risk. 
My amendment allows the bridge 
work to be done, despite the presence of swallows, if the bridge has a condi-tion rating of 3 or less until the issue is addressed by the Department of the In-terior. A condition rating of 3 means that the bridge is in serious need of re-pair: sections can be lost, the primary structural components have been dam-aged, and there are cracks in the steel or concrete. 
My amendment also directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to start the proc-ess for developing a rule to allow for the bridge work under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. This amendment has already been negotiated and included in the Senate’s DRIVE Act. 
This is a commonsense amendment 
that puts the safety of the public first, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair, I 
claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment offered by the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. M
ULLIN ). 
The Migratory Bird Treaty Act, first 
enacted in 1918, makes it unlawful to take, kill, or capture any migratory bird. This landmark legislation is the product of treaties with Canada, with Mexico, and with Japan, and is credited with protecting over 800 species of en-dangered birds. 
The amendment’s supporters claim 
that it is a waiver of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act solely for emergency situations. However, the amendment is overly broad and would act as a blan-ket waiver to allow the taking of swal-lows for any bridge construction, any repair, or any maintenance without a permit if certain conditions are met. 
Further, the amendment is unneces-
sary, as section 704(a) of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act already provides the Secretary of the Interior with the au-thority to allow the taking of migra-tory birds, including swallows, if cer-tain conditions are met, and it also di-rects the Secretary of the Interior to promulgate regulations allowing the taking in those circumstances. 
As a waiver process already exists al-
lowing for the taking of the migratory birds in emergency situations, I cannot support this amendment. I ask my col-leagues to join me in opposing this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I en-
courage my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). 
The amendment was rejected. b1615 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. lll . MODERNIZED WEIGHT LIMITATIONS 
FOR CERTAIN VEHICLES. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, 
is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTION TO WEIGHT RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), a State may authorize a vehicle with a maximum gross weight, including all enforcement tolerances, that exceeds the maximum gross weight otherwise applicable under subsection (a) to operate on Interstate System routes in the State, if— 
‘‘(A) the vehicle is equipped with at least 6 
axles; 
‘‘(B) the weight of any single axle on the 
vehicle does not exceed 20,000 pounds, includ-ing enforcement tolerances; 
‘‘(C) the weight of any tandem axle on the 
vehicle does not exceed 34,000 pounds, includ-ing enforcement tolerances; 
‘‘(D) the weight of any group of 3 or more 
axles on the vehicle does not exceed 45,000 pounds, including enforcement tolerances; 
‘‘(E) the gross weight of the vehicle does 
not exceed 91,000 pounds, including enforce-ment tolerances; and 
‘‘(F) the vehicle complies with the bridge 
formula in subsection (a)(2) of this section. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) O THER EXCEPTIONS NOT AFFECTED .— 
This subsection shall not restrict— 
‘‘(i) a vehicle that may operate under any 
other provision of this section or another Federal law; or 
‘‘(ii) a State’s authority with respect to a 
vehicle that may operate under any other provision of this section or another Federal law. 
‘‘(B) M
EANS OF IMPLEMENTATION .—A State 
may implement this subsection by any means, including statute or rule of general applicability, by special permit, or other-wise. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL EQUIPMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may 
issue such regulations as are necessary to re-quire a vehicle operating pursuant to this subsection to include 1 item of additional equipment not otherwise required by law. The Secretary may issue such regulations only if the equipment item to be required is available at the time a rule is proposed. 
‘‘(B) C
OMMENT .—In issuing regulations pur-
suant to this paragraph, the Secretary shall invite comment on the effective date of any proposed equipment requirement. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITED AUTHORITY .—The authority to 
issue regulations pursuant to this paragraph applies only to a rule that is published as a final rule in the Federal Register not later than the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this subsection. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RIENNIAL REPORT .—If a State, pursu-
ant to paragraph (1), authorizes vehicles de-scribed in such paragraph to operate on Interstate System routes in the State, the State shall submit to the Secretary a tri-ennial report containing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.019 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7588 November 3, 2015 
‘‘(i) an identification of highway routes in 
the State, including routes not on the Inter-state System, on which the State so author-izes such vehicles to operate; 
‘‘(ii) a description of any gross vehicle 
weight limit applicable to such vehicles so authorized and of any operating require-ments applicable to such vehicles that are in addition to requirements applicable to all commercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(iii) the number of crashes that occurred 
in the State involving such vehicles so au-thorized on the Interstate System, the num-ber of such crashes involving fatalities, and the number of such crashes involving non- fatal injuries; 
‘‘(iv) estimated vehicle miles traveled on 
the Interstate System in the State by such vehicles so authorized; and 
‘‘(v) other information, such as the gross 
vehicle weight of a vehicle operating pursu-ant to the authority of this subsection at the time of a crash, as the Secretary and the State jointly determine necessary. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make all information required under subparagraph (A) available to the public. 
‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION AS TO ROUTE SEGMENT .— 
The Secretary may terminate the operation of vehicles authorized by a State under this subsection on a specific Interstate System route segment if, after the effective date of a decision of a State to allow vehicles to oper-ate pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary determines that such operation poses an un-reasonable safety risk based on an engineer-ing analysis of the route segment or an anal-ysis of safety or other applicable data from the route segment. 
‘‘(6) W
AIVER OF HIGHWAY FUNDING REDUC -
TION.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the 
total amount of funds apportioned to a State under section 104(b)(1) for any period may not be reduced under subsection (a) if the State authorizes a vehicle described in para-graph (1) to operate on the Interstate Sys-tem in the State in accordance with this sub-section. 
‘‘(7) P
RESERVING STATE AND LOCAL AUTHOR -
ITY REGARDING NON -INTERSTATE SYSTEM HIGH -
WAYS .—Subsection (b) of this section shall 
not apply to motor vehicles operating on the Interstate System solely under the authority provided by this subsection.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I include 
in the R
ECORD a letter dated last Fri-
day, October 30, from the Federal High-way Administration. This letter states that the configuration I am proposing today is compliant with the federal bridge formula. 
The second letter is from Peter 
Rogoff, Under Secretary for the De-partment of Transportation, to Chair-man S
HUSTER . 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF  
TRANSPORTATION , FEDERAL  
HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION , 
Washington, DC, October 30, 2015. 
Hon. R EIDJ. R IBBLE , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CONGRESSMAN RIBBLE : I am writing 
to provide a technical correction to my let-ter of April 24 (copy enclosed) which re-sponded to your inquiry regarding the Com-prehensive Truck Size and Weight Limits Study (CTSWLS) required by Section 32801 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st 
Century Act (MAP–21) P.L. 112–141. 
In your letter, you asked whether the 
91,000-pound gross vehicle weight six-axle configuration under analysis as part of the CTSWLS is in compliance with the Federal bridge formula set forth in 23 U.S.C. 127. The Federal Highway Administration recently revisited the question of whether the 91,000- pound, six-axle configuration used in the CTSWLS was in compliance with the Federal bridge formula (FBF). 
Our letter of April 24 confirmed that the 
configuration met the FBF, which was our understanding at the time of the CTSWLS based on a review of three standard tests of weight and axle spacing. However, we have discovered that the placement of axles and loading of the tridem for the specific type studied in the CTSWLS did not meet a fourth test for compliance. There is more than one way to design and load a six-axle vehicle; the variations can affect whether the vehicle is fully FBF-compliant. In order for a vehicle to meet all tests of the FBF and be designed for safe and practical operation, the maximum tridem axle weight would need to be not more than 45,000 pounds in conjunc-tion with 12-foot spacing between the 4th and 6th axles. 
I have sent similar letters to the cosigners 
of your original letter. If you have additional questions about the Study, please contact Mr. David Kim of the Federal Highway Ad-ministration. 
Sincerely, 
G
REGORY G. N ADEAU , 
Administrator. 
Enclosure. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR -
TATION , OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
OFTRANSPORTATION , 
Washington, DC, June 5, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SHUSTER : The U.S. Depart-
ment of Transportation is releasing for pub-lic comment and peer review the technical reports of the Federal Highway Administra-tion’s (FHWA) comprehensive study of cer-tain safety, infrastructure, and efficiency impacts surrounding potential changes to the Federal truck size and weight (TS&W) limits. This study is required by the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21; P.L. 112–141, §32801) which dictated very precise parameters for the study’s scope. The FHWA will consider any com-ments from the peer review of the study to be conducted by the Transportation Re-search Board (TRB) and the public for the final report that we expect to deliver to Con-gress later this year. 
FHWA’s technical work was able to employ 
the latest modeling techniques in the areas of truck stability and control performance as well as in bridge and pavement structural impacts. It also featured the first-ever ac-counting of violations and citations by truck configuration in a study of this kind. Even so, the research also revealed very signifi-cant data limitations that severely ham-pered FHWA’s efforts to conclusively study the effects of the size and weight of various truck configurations. These limitations are discussed below. 
Among the data issues is the lack of de-
scriptive information in crash reports in-volving trucks—especially the weight of the vehicle at the time of an incident—which un-dermines our ability to conduct adequate highway safety and truck crash analyses. So, while FHWA was able to identify signifi-cantly higher crash rates in six-axle trucks compared to five-axle trucks in the State of Washington, the lack of available and con-
sistently reported data from other states prevented the Department from drawing na-tional conclusions on the crash rates of this and other truck configurations. We also were constrained in fully accounting for modal shift of freight traffic to short line and re-gional railroads due to the absence of pub-licly available data in this area. Our mod-eling did suggest one potentially important finding: that the expected Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) reductions that might result from heavier or larger trucks would be rel-atively small, resulting in little noticeable impact to real freight VMT. 
Other data limitations, which are fully ex-
plored in the attached technical studies, in-clude: 
The profound absence of weight data in 
crash reporting, which prevents us from knowing whether trucks were fully loaded, at legal capacity for their axle configura-tions, had unevenly distributed weight, or were running overweight prior to a crash. 
The lack of acceptable models that can 
predict bridge deck deterioration over time, which makes it difficult to extrapolate long- term maintenance costs over time. 
Difficulty separating truck weight enforce-
ment program costs from overall truck safe-ty enforcement costs. 
These findings were anticipated. The 
TRB’s April 2014 peer review report acknowl-edged weaknesses in the available methods and data; however and notably, the TRB panel was not able to identify better mod-eling approaches or data sets that FHWA could employ. Additionally, a 2000 FHWA ‘‘Comprehensive Truck Size and Weight’’ re-port also identified many of these same insufficiencies. 
The Department sought the input of the 
public and subject matter experts, including members of academia in an effort to over-come these limitations and provide expertise and objective analysis. We held several pub-lic meetings and webinars to solicit feedback on the data, methodology, and prior work, as well as to share the status of the study ef-fort. Additionally, we made information on the project plans available on our website, and invited comments from the public. We used only data available to the public to maximize the transparency of the Depart-ment’s work. Despite our efforts, these data weaknesses could not be overcome as the study progressed. The study will now be sub-jected to peer review and public comment. At this time, the Department believes that the current data limitations are so profound that the results cannot accurately be extrap-olated to predict national impacts. As such, the Department believes that no changes in the relevant truck size and weight laws and regulations should be considered until these data limitations are overcome. 
To make a genuine, measurable improve-
ment in the knowledge needed for these study areas, a more robust study effort should start with the design of a research program that can identify the areas, mecha-nisms and practices needed to establish new data sets and models to advance the state of practice. This research plan could be devel-oped by an expert panel, such as the TRB, and should include a realistic estimation of timelines and costs. 
As stated above, we are providing the tech-
nical reports from the study effort for peer review and public comment. FHWA will pro-
vide you with a final report once it incor-porates these additional observations into the Study. In addition to the technical re-ports, attached is a summary sheet of the steps with the findings of this study. 
Please feel free to contact me should you 
have any questions. 
Sincerely, 
P
ETER M. R OGOFF , 
Under Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.023 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7589 November 3, 2015 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, we are 
facing a capacity crunch in the United States today. Overall freight tonnage is projected to increase by 25 percent over the next decade. Our Federal truck weight policy is two decades old, and it must be updated if we are going to stay competitive with our trading partners, especially those in this hemi-sphere. 
My bipartisan amendment would give 
States the option of increasing truck weight limits on their interstate high-ways from 80,000 pounds to 91,000 pounds if those trucks add a sixth axle. I want to remind everyone it is an op-tion, not a mandate, and it does not govern weight limits on State and local roads. 
Twenty-five of the 50 States, includ-
ing my home State of Wisconsin, al-ready allow heavier trucks on their State or local roads. So here we have an opportunity to move those trucks over to the interstate system, the safest place for trucks to travel. 
Under current laws, in many States, 
heavier trucks are forced to share smaller roads with moms and dads driving to work or taking their kids to school rather than on the interstate where they belong. 
The U.S. Department of Transpor-
tation found numerous safety and effi-ciency benefits for this configuration in their technical report of its truck size and weight study. Four main find-ings of the DOT report are, first, a 91,000-pound, six-axle truck would actu-ally stop faster than trucks currently allowed on the highways; second, this configuration would reduce life-cycle pavement costs by up to 4 percent rel-ative to trucks currently on the road; third, this configuration would reduce truck vehicle miles traveled and would lead to reduced fuel costs and carbon dioxide emissions. 
Finally, Madam Chairman, this con-
figuration would result in no addi-tional onetime rehabilitation costs for bridges on the Interstate Highway Sys-tem. I repeat, no additional onetime rehab costs for the interstate system bridges. 
Madam Chair, I urge Members to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment to sup-port transportation safety and effi-ciency. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Madam Chair, this is 
all well and good, but that presumes that moms, dads, and kids don’t use the Interstate Highway System to go to school. Well, in my district they do, and especially in urban districts they do. 
When it comes to these humongously 
long trucks, what are we talking about? We are talking about a 14 per-cent increase in weight in a truck that is up to 100 feet long. Now, if you want your moms, dads, 
and kids to be driving next to them, that is your prerogative in your State. I don’t want them in my State, and that is up to us. As a Member of Con-gress, I don’t want them on the Inter-state Highway System. 
By the way, if we are going to talk 
about the DOT study, let’s be sure we understand the conclusion of that study, which basically says, ‘‘At this time, the Department believes that the current data limitations are so pro-found that the results cannot accu-rately be extrapolated to predict na-tional impacts. As such, the Depart-ment believes that no changes in the relevant truck size and weight laws and regulations should be considered.’’ 
That is their conclusion after the 
study that they did that was just cited. 
I will end on this particular note. We 
have to understand who else is with us who opposes this at this time. The Na-tional Troopers Association, the Na-tional Sheriffs’ Association, the Inter-national Association of Chiefs of Po-lice, the National Association of Police Organizations, the AAA organization, the United States Conference of May-ors, the Advocates for Auto Safety, and the Teamsters Union. 
Madam Chair, I think those all speak 
for themselves who is on the side of safety and who is not on the side of safety. I hope that this amendment is not adopted. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I appre-
ciate the gentleman from Massachu-setts’ comments, although my amend-ment doesn’t address truck size what-soever. My amendment doesn’t include any change in configuration to the truck size. It does take existing truck sizes, and it requires the additional axle to that. 
I also find it a tad bit striking that 
someone from Massachusetts would be challenging a 91,000-pound truck weight when their own State allows 99,000 pounds on State roads and coun-ty roads in certain types of trucks. 
What I am trying to do, rather than 
having those trucks driving on a two- lane highway, is to get them on a sepa-rated highway where everyone is mov-ing in the same direction and moving them off of the smaller roads. 
I also would like to talk about the 
policy recommendations. What the gentleman from Massachusetts just re-ferred to was a cover letter on the study, but not the study itself. I am re-ferring to the actual study. 
The scientists that actually did the 
study came to the conclusions that I mentioned before. I’m not speaking of a political cover letter by the adminis-tration who opposes this. 
If we want to talk about agencies and 
organizations that support my amend-ment, there are over 80 of those. We could go on and on, but time does not allow. 
I would emphasize once again that 
my amendment is compliant with the Federal Bridge Formula. I would also 
note that my amendment gives the DOT the flexibility to prevent the oper-ation of heavier trucks on certain roads if DOT determines that there is a safety risk. It also allows the States to opt out. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Madam Chair, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). 
Mr. BARLETTA. Madam Chairman, I 
rise today to strongly oppose the amendment. This is bad policy because our local communities cannot afford to spend billions in new damages to our local roads and bridges. 
As a former mayor, I stand with the 
mayors, cities, and counties in opposi-tion. When heavy trucks get off the highway to fuel up their tanks or to make their deliveries, they end up on roads and bridges paid for by the coun-ties, the cities, and the States. 
More than 25 percent of the Nation’s 
bridges are structurally deficient, and a majority of these are locally owned. In Pennsylvania alone, we have over 5,000 structurally deficient bridges. It doesn’t matter how many axles are on that truck. 
Additionally, Madam Chairman, I 
worked in the construction industry building roads and bridges. A local street only has a few inches of asphalt while the interstates have over a foot of concrete. Our local roads are not de-signed for the increased damage, and our local communities cannot afford billions in new maintenance costs. 
This is not just fiscally irresponsible; 
it is indefensible. It is wrong to force our mayors and county commissioners to subsidize this special perk, a perk that many truck drivers are afraid to take on. This weight increase is strong-ly opposed by truck drivers and compa-nies. 
There are serious safety concerns, 
such as braking problems and increased crash rates. That is why I stand with the troopers, the sheriffs, and the first responders. Please vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, how 
much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Wisconsin has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Madam Chair, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Massachusetts has 2 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), my friend. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the Ribble amend-ment to allow heavier and bigger trucks on the Nation’s highways. 
Every time we move a transportation 
bill, proponents of bigger trucks on be-half of certain industries try to weaken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.080 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7590 November 3, 2015 
the restrictions Congress has put in 
place to protect the safety of the trav-eling public and to reduce wear and tear on the highways. 
According to DOT, there is an $800 
billion backlog of investment needs on highways and bridges, including $480 billion in critical repair work. The un-derlying bill does not provide any in-crease in funding. If this amendment passes, heavier trucks will further damage our roadways and add to the backlog, burdening our transportation agencies. 
In MAP–21, rather than consider an 
increase in truck weight, we required DOT to conduct a study. The DOT found there is insufficient data to sup-port an increase in truck size or weight. But we do know that bigger trucks are damaging and dangerous. 
The DOT study found that 91,000- 
pound trucks would damage thousands of bridges and divert more than 2
1⁄2mil-
lion tons of freight from rail to truck, further congesting our roadways, fur-ther damaging our roadways, and fur-ther contaminating our air, since trucks are three times less energy effi-cient and more emissions-polluting than rail. 
It is also well known that heavier 
trucks aren’t safe. In 2013, there were over 134,000 accidents involving large trucks, resulting in 4,000 fatalities. The DOT study found that 91,000-pound trucks resulted in a 47 percent higher crash rate when compared to 80,000- pound trucks in State testing. 
That is why the public is overwhelm-
ingly opposed to bigger trucks. That is why the National Association of Police Organizations, the National Sheriffs’ Association, and other law enforce-ment organizations oppose this pro-posed increase in truck weight. That is why we should oppose this increase in truck weight and this amendment. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, in re-
sponse to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania earlier, Pennsylvania doesn’t have to adopt this policy. It is totally optional for that State to do so. 
I find it interesting that the gen-
tleman from New York is concerned about this while the State of New York already allows these heavier trucks on their roads in their State, as does the State of Wisconsin. 
The study supports the fact that this 
configuration would actually reduce life-cycle payment costs. That is in the study by the scientists, not the cover letter. 
So we have this dichotomy where 25 
States already are running these heav-ier trucks. All my bill would do is allow them to move toward the inter-state system. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Madam Chair, again, 
just two points. I think everything has been said. I do want to add that I have been informed that the independent owners and operators of trucking, which represents 90 percent of the own-ers of trucks in this country, oppose this bill. This bill will help only the largest 
truckers in the company. It will hurt the little guy. It will hurt the drivers of trucks. It will put my family and other families in danger for virtually no advancement in the economy. 
It is a bad proposal. I understand the 
desire. I know that some States have done it. And, God forbid, if they have done it, that is their prerogative. But they are the ones who are going to have to answer to their increased deaths and damages on the highways. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I will 
wrap this up. I appreciate this debate. I will say this: I am not interested in whether truckers make more money or rails make more money. 
I am interested in the poor family 
that has to pay higher prices for food, for clothing, for goods and services, and for electricity because of this weight restriction. 
I also am concerned about the States 
that already are allowing these trucks—25 of them—but we can’t drive them on the interstate system, which makes no sense whatsoever. 
I also want to remind everyone that 
any State can choose not to do this if they don’t want to. This would just allow the ones that would like to be able to do that. It is in full compliance with the study. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, I rise in 
support of the Ribble-Schrader-Rouzer-Peter-son amendment that would give states the op-tion of allowing more productive trucks on the road if they are equipped with a sixth-axle. 
In rural America, this amendment will mean 
that farmers will be able to get their harvest to market more efficiently, with fewer trips on the road. 
Fewer trips back and forth from the field 
saves fuel and saves time, which is especially important when farmers are racing the clock during the busy harvest season. 
Unlike other businesses, farmers can’t just 
pass along the cost of transporting their crops to market. 
Staying competitive means that we need to 
take advantage of safe transportation options, like the one that would be allowed by the amendment we are considering today. 
This amendment has the support of a broad 
coalition of agriculture organizations including the American Farm Bureau Federation, the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, the National Milk Producers Federation and the American Soybean Association to name a few. 
This amendment, as part of a long-term re-
authorization bill, is a necessary step towards modernizing our transportation system, and I urge my colleague to vote in support of this commonsense amendment. 
Again, Madam Chair, I strongly support the 
amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . BROWN OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, I have amendment No. 15 at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. ll . NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
TRAVEL AND TOURISM INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) 1 out of every 9 jobs in the United 
States depends on travel and tourism, and the industry supports 15,000,000 jobs in the United States; 
(2) the travel and tourism industry em-
ploys individuals in all 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and all of the territories of the United States; 
(3) international travel to the United 
States is the single largest export industry in the Nation, generating a trade surplus balance of approximately $74,000,000,000; 
(4) travel and tourism provide significant 
economic benefits to the United States by generating nearly $2,100,000,000,000 in annual economic output; and 
(5) the United States intermodal transpor-
tation network facilitates the large-scale movement of business and leisure travelers, and is the most important asset of the travel industry. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish an advisory committee to be known as the National Ad-visory Committee on Travel and Tourism In-frastructure (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) to provide information, advice, and recommendations to the Sec-retary on matters relating to the role of intermodal transportation in facilitating mobility related to travel and tourism ac-tivities. 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall— 
(1) be composed of members appointed by 
the Secretary for terms of not more than 3 years; and 
(2) include a representative cross-section of 
public and private sector stakeholders in-volved in the travel and tourism industry, including representatives of— 
(A) the travel and tourism industry, prod-
uct and service providers, and travel and tourism-related associations; 
(B) travel, tourism, and destination mar-
keting organizations; 
(C) the travel and tourism-related work-
force; 
(D) State tourism offices; (E) Sate departments of transportation; (F) regional and metropolitan planning or-
ganizations; and 
(G) local governments. 
(d) R
OLE OF COMMITTEE .—The Committee 
shall— 
(1) advise the Secretary on current and 
emerging priorities, issues, projects, and funding needs related to the use of the Na-
tion’s intermodal transportation network to facilitate travel and tourism; 
(2) serve as a forum for discussion for trav-
el and tourism stakeholders on transpor-tation issues affecting interstate and inter-regional mobility of passengers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.081 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7591 November 3, 2015 
(3) promote the sharing of information be-
tween the private and public sectors on transportation issues impacting travel and tourism; 
(4) gather information, develop technical 
advise, and make recommendations to the Secretary on policies that improve the con-dition and performance of an integrated na-tional transportation system that is safe, ec-onomical, and efficient, and that maximizes the benefits to the Nation generated through the United States travel and tourism indus-try; 
(5) identify critical transportation facili-
ties and corridors that facilitate and support the interstate and interregional transpor-tation of passengers for tourism, commer-cial, and recreational activities; 
(6) provide for development of measures of 
condition, safety, and performance for trans-portation related to travel and tourism; 
(7) provide for development of transpor-
tation investment, data, and planning tools to assist Federal, State, and local officials in making investment decisions relating to transportation projects that improve travel and tourism; and 
(8) address other issues of transportation 
policy and programs impacting the move-ment of travelers for tourism and rec-reational purposes, including by making leg-islative recommendations. 
(e) N
ATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM INFRA -
STRUCTURE STRATEGIC PLAN.— 
(1) I NITIAL DEVELOPMENT OF NATIONAL  
TRAVEL AND TOURISM INFRASTRUCTURE STRA -
TEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this act, the Secretary shall, in consultation with the Committee, State departments of transportation, and other appropriate public and private trans-portation stakeholders, develop and post on the Department’s public Internet Web site a national travel and tourism infrastructure strategic plan that includes— 
(A) an assessment of the condition and per-
formance of the national transportation net-work; 
(B) an identification of the issues on the 
national transportation network that create significant congestion problems and barriers to long-haul passenger travel and tourism, 
(C) forecasts of long-haul passenger travel 
and tourism volumes for the 20-year period beginning in the year during which the plan is issued; 
(D) an identification of the major transpor-
tation facilities and corridors for current and forecasted long-haul travel and tourism volumes, the identification of which shall be revised, as appropriate, in subsequent plans; 
(E) an assessment of statutory, regulatory, 
technological, institutional, financial, and other barriers to improved long-haul pas-senger travel performance (including oppor-tunities for overcoming the barriers); 
(F) best practices for improving the per-
formance of the national transportation net-work; and 
(G) strategies to improve intermodal 
connectivity for long-haul passenger travel and tourism. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, the amendment I am offering with my colleagues, Representatives T
ITUS and R ICEof South Carolina, sim-
ply creates a national advisory com-mittee on travel and tourism infra-structure. The committee will advise the Sec-
retary on current and emerging prior-ities and funding needs related to the use of the Nation’s transportation sys-tem to help facilitate travel and tour-ism. 
The advisory committee will gather 
information, develop technical advice, and make recommendations to the Sec-retary on policies that maximize the benefits to the Nation that are gen-erated through the United States trav-el and tourism industry. 
The committee will then share this 
information with Federal, State, and local officials making investment deci-sions relating to transportation projects that improve travel and tour-ism. 
Advisory committee members will be 
appointed by the Secretary of Trans-portation and will include representa-tives from public and private sector stakeholders involved in the travel and tourism industry. The travel industry generates $1.8 trillion in economic out-put and supports 14.1 million jobs. 
I represent central Florida, which in-
cludes Disney World, Universal Stu-dios, SeaWorld, NASA, the Citrus Bowl, world famous beaches, and hun-dreds of other tourist attractions with over 50 million visitors each year. 
b1630 
Not only is it critical to ensure the 
best infrastructure for the efficient flow of these visitors, but ensuring best practices and sharing information will help move people out of harm’s way in case of a manmade or natural disaster. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this bipartisan amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, in the 
interest of the amendment’s sponsors, it is already directly addressed in the bill by section 1201 and section 1202. They specifically add travel and tour-ism as considerations in the metropoli-tan and State planning process. 
I appreciate the importance of travel 
and tourism to local economies. In fact, in Pennsylvania, it is one of the most important in the Pennsylvania economy. 
A national advisory committee does 
not need to be mandated by Congress, in my view. The stakeholder commu-nity will now be able to address travel and tourism in the development of State and metropolitan transportation plans. 
Further, there is nothing to prevent 
public and private interests from co-ordinating their efforts to promote tourism and travel in the absence of a national advisory committee. 
I urge all Members to oppose this. 
This is redundant. We already have it in the bill. I think it stands on its own merits in the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, how much time do I have re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. Madam Chair, I thank 
my colleague for yielding. 
I rise in support of the Brown-Titus- 
Rice amendment to establish a na-tional travel infrastructure strategy and advisory committee, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. 
I represent the heart of the Las 
Vegas Valley, where more than 42 mil-lion travelers board planes, buses, and cars to come and enjoy some holiday time and bask in the sun and the bright lights of the Las Vegas Strip. Others come to attend some of the largest professional and business meet-ings in the country. 
Like so many places, our economy is 
built on the hospitality industry, and its success depends on a strong trans-portation network to bring and move those millions of visitors around, as well as the freight needed to serve those visitors. That is why I was proud to work with my colleague from Flor-ida (Mr. W
EBSTER ) on an amendment 
just referenced to ensure that State and local planning processes would consider the needs of the traveler as part of the long-term planning process. This amendment was approved by voice vote just 2 weeks ago in the com-mittee. 
Today, we are here with a similar bi-
partisan amendment that ensures that travel and tourism are part of our na-tional policy for transportation. Our policies are enhanced when we consult and collaborate with leaders who rely on our transportation networks. Their guidance and experience can ensure that our DOT decisionmakers are aware of the changing needs and trends in travel and tourism, and can tailor investments and strategies to meet those needs. 
We often hear people in this very 
body rail against Washington bureau-crats not knowing what is going on back home. This amendment would ad-dress that. I urge your support. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. R
ICE). 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I certainly appreciate and respect the 
chairman’s hard work in gathering up this bill. While I respectfully disagree with him that the bill adequately ad-dresses tourism, I think a national committee reporting directly to the Secretary of Transportation, similar to other aspects of the travel industry, like freight, trucking, and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.036 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7592 November 3, 2015 
things, would certainly benefit the 
tourism industry and give a more bal-anced perspective. 
I rise in support of this amendment. 
It is important for the Department of Transportation not to lose focus on the movement of people in their strategic planning of our Federal network. Con-gestion is at an all-time high, and new construction is at an all-time low. To best address these issues, the Depart-ment of Transportation should consult with experts in moving people effi-ciently: the travel and tourism indus-try. 
Creating a national advisory com-
mittee on travel and tourism will en-sure that most knowledgeable private sector stakeholders have a role in the planning of our most important cor-ridors. 
Travel and tourism supports 15 mil-
lion jobs in the United States and is important to every region of the coun-try. Establishing a forum to collabo-rate, strategize, and develop infrastruc-ture that allows the industry to exist is necessary to ensuring America’s com-petitiveness in the tourism global mar-ket. 
Determining a long-term plan for 
anything is rare here in Washington. That is exactly what this amendment does; it determines a long-term stra-tegic plan for the travel and tourism industry. 
Madam Chair, in my district in 
South Carolina, Myrtle Beach wel-comes over 16 million visitors annu-ally. Tourism is the driver of our econ-omy in the Grand Strand. We are one of the most visited destinations in the country and do not have interstate ac-cess. In fact, we are the most visited destination that does not have inter-state access. If a destination attracts 16 million visitors without an inter-state, imagine what areas like ours could do with one. 
The national advisory committee on 
travel and tourism will identify, prioritize, and make recommendations to the DOT on areas in need of infra-structure advances, like Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. That is why I am a co-sponsor of this important amendment. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, again, 
I continue to oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman from Myrtle Beach, the gentlewoman from Las Vegas, and the gentlewoman from cen-tral Florida. I understand completely their concern with tourism. 
As I pointed out earlier, this is al-
ready in the bill. I believe Ms. T
ITUS 
and Mr. W EBSTER got it into the bill in 
markup. So, again, this is redundant. This is not necessary. Section 1201 and section 1202 specifically add travel and tourism, so I believe it is in the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. ll. IDENTIFICATION OF ROADSIDE HIGH-
WAY SAFETY HARDWARE DEVICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
study on methods for identifying roadside highway safety hardware devices to improve the data collected on the devices, as nec-essary for in-service evaluation of the de-vices. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study, 
the Secretary shall evaluate identification methods based on the ability of the method to— 
(1) convey information on the devices, in-
cluding manufacturing date, factory of ori-gin, product brand, and model; 
(2) withstand roadside conditions; and (3) connect to State and regional inven-
tories of similar devices. 
(c) I
DENTIFICATION METHODS .—The identi-
fication methods to be studied under this section include stamped serial numbers, radio-frequency identification, and such other methods as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
January 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Madam Chair, 
this commonsense amendment directs the U.S. Department of Transportation to study ways to improve data collec-tion on highway safety hardware de-vices. Today, these devices, which in-clude guardrails, barriers, terminals, and railings, are critical to the safety of our roadways yet are often taken for granted. 
In November of last year, Darryl 
Blackmon, a 24-year-old San Francisco Bay Area resident, a beloved family member who supported his mom, amongst other family members, com-munity volunteer, and football star at Kansas State University, was killed in a collision with a guardrail that 40 States and the District of Columbia have stopped installing due to safety concerns. 
In response to tragedies like Darryl 
Blackmon’s death and thanks to a whistleblower who highlighted the fraudulent actions taken by this par-ticular guardrail manufacturer, earlier this year, a Federal judge handed down 
a $663 million judgment against the manufacturer for failing to disclose in-formation to Federal and State regu-lators about modifications made to their guardrail specifications after they were approved by the Federal Highway Administration. 
Despite Federal tests dating back to 
2005, suggesting these guardrails are safe, just last month, Virginia’s attor-ney general said that the guardrails tested by the Virginia Department of Transportation ‘‘failed miserably.’’ Ac-cording to media reports, more than 200,000 of these particular guardrails may still be in service on our Nation’s highways. Unfortunately, there is no existing mechanism to accurately verify this number or locate all the guardrails. That is why this amend-ment is critically important. Without a practical mechanism for identifying defective guardrails, many States are still assessing their ability to remove defective products from our roadways and incurring additional liability. 
Unfortunately, these events have 
highlighted the need to reform our cur-rent system of identifying and inventorying our highway hardware. This amendment makes progress to-wards reassessing FHWA’s hardware re-view process to enhance account-ability, promote transparency, and im-prove responsiveness to future safety concerns. 
It is critical to the safety of the trav-
eling public that products installed on our roadways and using Federal dollars are properly evaluated and accounted for when safety concerns arise. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I sup-
port the gentleman’s amendment. It is a thoughtful amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Madam Chair, I 
thank the chairman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of divi-
sion A, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.084 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7593 November 3, 2015 
SEC. ll. USE OF MODELING AND SIMULATION 
TECHNOLOGY. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-
ment should utilize, to the fullest and most economically feasible extent practicable, modeling and simulation technology to ana-lyze highway and public transportation projects authorized by this Act to ensure that these projects— 
(1) will increase transportation capacity 
and safety, alleviate congestion, and reduce travel time and environmental impacts; and 
(2) are as cost effective as practicable. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, this is a fairly simple amend-ment that I offer with my Virginia col-league, R
ANDY FORBES . It simply en-
courages the use of modeling and sim-ulation technology in designing and analyzing federally funded transpor-tation projects so that those projects can be most efficient and save money in the process. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, the 
gentleman’s amendment is a smart, thoughtful amendment, and I support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Madam Chair, I have an amend-ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 238, strike line 10 and all that follows 
through page 239, line 5, and insert the fol-lowing: 
(1) by striking paragraph (4); and 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON) and a Member opposed each will 
control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Madam Chair, my amendment represents an important effort to pre-serve the existing budget authority for the Transportation Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act, TIFIA, pro-gram. In essence, this simple amend-
ment would strike DOT’s ability to re-allocate budget authority for TIFIA, ensuring that this authority remains available for the TIFIA program. 
The TIFIA program was first author-
ized by Congress in 1998 to fill a critical gap in financing for large-scale trans-portation projects. Since that time, the Department of Transportation has pro-vided low-interest credit assistance to State and local governments in order to help finance projects of regional and national significance. Current law di-rects the Department of Transpor-tation to redistribute uncommitted budget authority for TIFIA to States for use by their formula programs. 
Due to unforeseen delays in allo-
cating budget authority, DOT redis-tributed approximately $640 million of budget authority for TIFIA as recently as April of this year. This reduced ca-pacity for project financing will have serious consequences. Texas alone, for example, has more than $1 billion in potential projects that will utilize the TIFIA program. 
Make no mistake, this funding capac-
ity has been lost not because of a lack of demand for the program, but because of the inability to commit budget au-thority in a timely manner. 
b1645 
Unfortunately, the highway bill 
being considered on the floor also cuts TIFIA drastically from the current level of $1 billion per year to just over $200 million per year. Allowing a redis-tribution clause to remain in place could result in further cuts to the pro-gram. My amendment would simply protect what has proven to be an in-valuable financing tool for State and local governments. 
I urge the adoption of this amend-
ment so that we can preserve the loan capacity for this time-tested program. 
I want to express my appreciation to 
Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-
ber D EFAZIO for supporting this amend-
ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, 
the gentlewoman from Texas has been a long-term member of the committee, and she has thought this through well. We appreciate her bringing this amend-ment to the floor, and we support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I thank my col-
league for yielding. 
Madam Chairman, I rise in strong 
support of the Johnson amendment, and I thank my colleague from Texas for offering it. This amendment would allow unused 
TIFIA funds to be reprogrammed into— in other words, to be put back into— the TIFIA account. 
The L.A. Metro, in my region, is one 
of the biggest recipients of the financ-ing from TIFIA. TIFIA is an incredibly important tool in Los Angeles County that allows us to use our two transpor-tation sales tax measures to complete projects in 10 years instead of 30 years. Speeding up project construction saves money in the long run, and it allows our transportation users the benefits of an improved multimodal system. 
I understand the need to reduce 
TIFIA from $1 billion to $200 million for transportation funding in the un-derlying bill in order to provide for other important programs, such as a freight program. This amendment would help reduce the burden that de-creased TIFIA funding will have on local communities. 
Madam Chairman, I support the 
Johnson amendment. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. WELCH. Madam Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 3010 of division A. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Vermont. 
Mr. WELCH. Madam Chairman, one 
of the major challenges for a com-prehensive transportation bill is to have it facilitate the creation of liv-able communities, and we have, across this country, more and more commu-nities that, as part of creating that space for good transportation, want to include and have included bike paths. 
Biking transportation has become a 
real attraction for younger people who are moving into urban areas. It is something that has taken cars off the road and has put people on bikes. Peo-ple are getting exercise and are finding beautiful ways to get around their communities. It is something that adds to the overall quality of life in commu-nities across the country. It used to be that biking was seen as something that just individuals would do. It is now seen, as a result of transportation pol-icy, as integral to a livable community approach. 
In the current legislation before us, 
the Federal match would be reduced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.030 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7594 November 3, 2015 
from 90 and 95 percent to 80 percent. 
This amendment would propose to keep the status quo, keeping that Federal contribution at 90 to 95 percent. It makes a huge difference in our commu-nities to get that extra boost as it makes a difference as to whether or not they can proceed on some bikeway im-provements. So let’s keep what we have. We have a good thing going. With this amendment, the ability to keep it going will be even stronger. 
In Vermont, bike commuting has in-
creased by over 70 percent from 2005 to 2014. Vermont has 19 bike and pedes-trian facility projects across the State, totaling $38.9 million. There is a lot of local money in that. By the way, the young and old and middle-aged are all getting out, taking advantage of those things. Burlington has proposed a fully integrated bike network, and this amendment would help that city in Vermont complete that goal. 
The benefits to biking are tremen-
dous. It is good for the environment. It is good for us when we get on bikes and get a little exercise. It is a good healthcare benefit. It is good for taking cars and congestion off the road. There are incidental benefits and economic. It has been demonstrated in Vermont that there are significant revenue gains to local businesses by having as robust a bike system as we can have. 
In summary, biking is integral in 
Vermont and in the Nation. E
ARLBLU-
MENAUER is the patron of biking in this 
country. It is a really big, important component, and I urge the passage of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, 
unfortunately, I rise in opposition to this amendment by my good friend from Vermont. I know there are a lot of health benefits and other benefits to this. The main reason that I rise in op-position is that, with the gentleman’s amendment, there will be less money being invested in transit. 
The higher Federal share means that 
a bike project can eat up the funds the transit agencies need to address their needs. In addition, this amendment would mean that a bicycle project gets a higher Federal share than the acqui-sition of an ADA-compliant vehicle, which will support mobility for dis-abled individuals. 
Almost every other type of project 
we authorize in this bill—roads, bridges, bus stations—requires a part-nership of up to 80 percent Federal, 20 percent non-Federal. These bike projects shouldn’t be the exception; so I would urge all Members to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Madam Chairman, may 
I inquire as to my remaining time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Vermont has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. Mr. WELCH. Madam Chairman, I 
have one comment. 
We have a budgetary issue because 
we don’t have as robustly funded a transportation bill as we need. I appre-ciate the comments of the chairman of the committee, but that problem is something that is going to be hamstringing every activity we do, whether it is mass transit or bikes. My hope is that, by the end of this process, we are finally going to put the money into our infrastructure—every compo-nent of it that we need. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Oregon (Mr. B LUMENAUER ), my 
friend, who we all know in the United States House of Representatives is the champion of bikers everywhere. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak and for his raising this issue. 
Madam Chairman, it is important 
that we have a balanced transportation system, and there are already problems in terms of being able to promote non-motorized transportation in terms of bike and pedestrian. Being able to maintain the ability for the Federal funding, I think, is important. I don’t think we should relegate this to being a second-class type of transportation. 
I was in Brooklyn on Friday night, 
and people were engaged in their ini-tiatives with cycling. I started the week in Dallas. Texas cities are incor-porating these mechanisms into their basic approach to transportation. 
This is not the end of the world, but 
I think it is ill-advised, and it is the wrong signal for us to be sending. There are several dozen women from the bicycle industry here—executives from companies—who are involved with hundreds of millions of dollars of economic activity. This is something that does not deserve to be down-graded. This is not going to upset the apple cart by any stretch of the imagi-nation. 
I appreciate my colleague for putting 
the spotlight on this. We are watching cycling explode from Washington, D.C., to Seattle, to Rochester, New York, to Indianapolis, Indiana. This is a small but important step backwards. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
continue to oppose, and I urge all Mem-bers to oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. I thank the gentleman 
from Oregon, and I reiterate his strong arguments. 
Madam Chairman, I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. llll . REPORT ON PARKING SAFETY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 8 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate regarding the safety of certain facilities and locations, fo-cusing on any property damage, injuries or deaths, and other incidents that occur or originate at locations intended to encourage public use of alternative transportation, in-cluding— 
(1) car pool lots; (2) mass transit lots; (3) local, State, or regional rail stations; (4) rest stops; (5) college or university lots; (6) bike paths or walking trails; and (7) any other locations that the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Included with the 
report, the Secretary shall make rec-ommendations to Congress on the best ways to use innovative technologies to increase safety and ensure a better response by tran-sit security, local, State, and Federal law en-forcement to address threats to public safe-ty. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Alabama. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam 
Chairman, I am offering this amend-ment on behalf of myself and as the designee of the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON  
LEE. 
I wish to thank the chair and the 
ranking member of the Rules Com-mittee for making this amendment in order. 
I want to thank the Transportation 
and Infrastructure chairman, B
ILL 
SHUSTER , as well as the ranking mem-
ber, P ETER DEFAZIO, for their efforts to 
bring the Surface Transportation Re-authorization and Reform Act to the floor. I thank them for this oppor-tunity to explain the Jackson Lee-Se-well amendment, which makes a good bill even better by ensuring that the national goals of strengthening our Na-tion’s transportation and infrastruc-ture is aided by innovation. 
The Jackson Lee-Sewell amendment 
improves this good bill by ensuring that the goals of improving transpor-tation efficiency and safety take into consideration the topic of rest stop and other parking and the topic of public safety. 
This amendment seeks a public safe-
ty report to be provided to the House and the Senate Transportation Com-mittees on the security of locations that are intended to encourage the public use of alternative transpor-tation as well as personal transpor-tation parking areas. More than 1 in 10 property crimes occurs in parking lots 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.093 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7595 November 3, 2015 
or in garages, and this study will pro-
vide an opportunity for Congress to do more to enhance the safety of parking areas that are used by the most vulner-able in our communities: students, women, seniors, the disabled, and other vulnerable members of the public. 
The Jackson Lee-Sewell amendment 
will make surface transportation trav-el safer. More importantly, it will in-crease safety for the traveling public, especially for women, seniors, stu-dents, disabled persons, and children. 
Madam Chairman, I ask my col-
leagues to support the Jackson Lee-Se-well amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
think the gentlewoman from Alabama offers a sound safety provision, and I support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. I thank 
the chairman for his agreeing to the Jackson Lee-Sewell amendment. 
Madam Chairman, I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I am of-
fering this amendment on behalf of Congress-woman S
EWELL and myself. 
I wish to thank the Chair and Ranking Mem-
ber of the Rules Committee for making this Amendment in order. 
I thank Transportation and Infrastructure 
Chairman B
ILLSHUSTER and Ranking Member 
PETER A. D EFAZIO for their efforts to bring the 
Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor. 
I thank them all for this opportunity to ex-
plain the Jackson Lee/Sewell Amendments, which makes a good bill even better by ensur-ing that the national goals of strengthening our nation’s transportation and infrastructure is aided by innovation. 
The work of the Transportation and Infra-
structure Committee in bringing this bipartisan forward thinking bill to the floor is appreciated. 
This Jackson Lee/Sewell amendment im-
proves this good bill by ensuring that the goals of improving transportation efficiency and safe-ty take into consideration the topic of rest stop, and other parking and the topic of public safety. 
This Amendment seeks a public safety re-
port to be provided to the House and Senate Transportation Committees on the security of locations that are intended to encourage pub-lic use of alternative transportation, as well as personal transportation parking areas. 
An essential part of the success of public 
transportation usage is the ability of auto-mobile drivers to park their vehicles in safety. 
More than 1 in 10 property crimes occur in 
parking lots or garages. 
The report will provide an opportunity for 
Congress to do more to enhance the safety of parking areas that are used by students, women, seniors, disabled, and other vulner-able members of the public. 
The Bureau of Justice Statistics provides a 
detailed report on the place of occurrence for violent and property crimes from 2004 through 
2008. 
For example, purse snatchings and pocket 
pickings typically occur away from home. 
According to Bureau of Justice Statistics 
28.2% of purses snatched occur in open areas such as the street or on public transportation. 
This amendment will lead to enhanced safe-
ty of car pool parking lots, mass transit park-ing; local, state, and regional rail station park-ing; college or university parking; bike paths, walking trails, and other locations the Sec-retary deems appropriate. 
The Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that 
victimization and property crimes occurring be-tween 2004 and 2008 in parking lots and ga-rages include: 213,540 victimization crimes that occurred in noncommercial parking lots and garages; and 864,190 property crimes. 
The Bureau’s report on victimization crimes 
that occur at public transportation or in sta-tions was 49,910 and property crimes was 132,190. 
The Jackson Lee/Sewell Amendment will 
make surface transportation travel safer. 
More importantly, it will increase Safety of 
the traveling public, especially women, sen-iors, students, disabled persons, and children. 
Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to sup-
port the Jackson Lee/Sewell amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as 
follows: 
Page 315, after line 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 3024. REPORT ON POTENTIAL OF INTERNET 
OF THINGS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to Congress a report on the potential of the Internet of Things to improve transportation services in rural, suburban, and urban areas. Such re-port shall include— 
(1) a survey of the communities, cities, and 
States that are using innovative transpor-tation systems to meet the needs of ageing populations; 
(2) best practices to protect privacy and se-
curity determined as a result of such survey; 
(3) recommendations with respect to the 
potential of the Internet of Things to assist local, State, and Federal planners to develop more efficient and accurate projections of the transportation needs of rural, suburban, and urban communities. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Alabama. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam 
Chairman, I am offering this amend-ment on behalf of myself and as the designee of the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON  
LEE. Once again, I want to thank the chair 
and ranking member of the Rules Com-mittee for making this amendment in order. 
I thank the Transportation and In-
frastructure Committee chairman, B
ILLSHUSTER , as well as the ranking 
member, P ETER DEFAZIO, for their bi-
partisan work in bringing the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor. 
This Jackson Lee-Sewell amendment 
provides a report to Congress from the Secretary of the Department of Trans-portation on the Internet of Things, IoT, as to its potential to improve transportation services to the elderly and persons with disabilities as well as to assist local, State, and Federal transportation planners in achieving better efficiencies and cost savings by protecting privacy and the security of persons who use IoT technology. 
The IoT refers to the wireless envi-
ronment that will support the net-working of physical objects—or things—embedded with wireless elec-tronic components, software sensors, and network connectivity. The IoT will introduce the functionality of com-puting into physical space as com-puting technology is integrated into devices and systems. 
This Jackson Lee-Sewell amendment 
will allow Congress to take into consid-eration how IoT technologies can be used to make public transportation safer and more convenient to the elder-ly and to the disabled and how it may improve mass personal transportation efficiencies. 
b1700 
This Jackson Lee-Sewell amendment 
will help ensure that we harness the benefit of the Internet of things for the traveling public and minimize the threats to privacy and cybersecurity presented by this new technology. 
I include in the R
ECORD , first, an ar-
ticle entitled ‘‘How the Internet of Things is Improving Transportation and Logistics’’ and, secondly, an arti-cle entitled, ‘‘Mapping IoT into To-day’s Urban Transportation Systems.’’ 
[From SupplyChain247, Sept. 9, 2015] 
HOW THE INTERNET OF THINGS ISIMPROVING  
TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS  
Whether by air, ground or sea, transpor-
tation and logistics are essential components to many enterprises’ productivity, and ac-cess to real-time data is critical. 
Many businesses have already discovered 
the advantages of using mobile technologies; however, the unpredictable nature of fuel costs, rising labor rates, increased traffic and a changing regulatory environment, con-tinue to make operations challenging. 
What’s more, inefficiencies caused by a 
lack of visibility create considerable costs. 
As industry regulations force transpor-
tation and logistics organizations to do more with less, profitability is threatened. How-ever, with visibility into personnel, equip-ment and transactions, enterprises can bet-ter support peak operations in real time— improving operational efficiency and per-formance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.095 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7596 November 3, 2015 
With the advent of today’s mobile tech-
nologies and the Internet of Things (IoT), en-terprises can accelerate productivity, profit-ability and operations with solutions de-signed specifically for their processes. With the right IoT solution in place, enterprises can connect all devices across a centralized cloud network, and capture and share their mission-critical data, allowing them to gain real-time visibility of their operations. 
This actionable insight is what provides 
organizations the Enterprise Asset Intel-ligence they need to make improvements. This enhanced business knowledge can be gained through a set of enabling tech-nologies in the areas of asset management, cloud, mobile and Big Data. 
By leveraging Enterprise Asset Intel-
ligence, transportation and logistics can dra-matically improve the following areas: 
I. END-TO-END VISIBILITY  
Transportation and logistics businesses 
around the globe are focused on maximizing supply chain efficiency in order to sustain profitability and viability. 
However, to reach this level of perform-
ance, they need to make end-to-end improve-ments. Complete visibility facilitates more effective, timely decisions and reduces delays through quicker detection of issues. 
Mobile devices, such as radio frequency 
identification (RFID), barcode scanners and mobile computers, have become a major in-fluence in supply chain visibility and oper-ations. Many transportation and logistics companies using RFID today are reaching nearly 100 percent shipping and receiving ac-curacy, 99.5 percent inventory accuracy, 30 percent faster order processing and 30 per-cent reduction in labor costs. 
Mobile technologies provide businesses line 
of sight into equipment, inventory and busi-ness processes. This asset intelligence allows organizations to increase their efficiency by providing them real-time data across their entire supply chain. 
Though these types of solutions have al-
ready helped transportation and logistics businesses make improvements over the years, leveraging them with enabling tech-nologies like the IoT can deliver even more asset intelligence, leading to more informed decisions. 
II. WAREHOUSE AND YARD MANAGEMENT  
The warehouse and/or yard are at the core 
of transportation and logistics businesses. Their efficiency directly impacts the cost of doing business and the ability to compete. With IoT-enabled mobile devices designed to track inventory data, equipment and vehi-cles, enterprises can give their physical as-sets a digital voice. 
By converting the physical to digital, 
transportation and logistics warehouses can capture and share their mission-critical data across the cloud, ensuring they have the right products in the right place at the right time. 
Yard personnel are frequently moving 
around on foot or in vehicles, manually con-ducting their routine tasks. This process is time intensive and prone to error which causes a number of visibility-related prob-lems including redundant trailer moves, yard gate congestion, product shrinkage, wasted fuel and lost time. To address these issues, organizations across the supply chain imple-ment RFID systems that automate asset tracking and location. 
By reducing human intervention and ena-
bling more machine-to-machine information sharing, enterprises can greatly increase ef-ficiency and accuracy. 
III. FLEET MANAGEMENT  
When it comes to transportation and logis-
tics, fleet management plays a critical role in managing maintenance schedules, every-
day vehicle usage and service routes. In order to maximize productivity and oper-ational efficiency, fleet downtime must be minimized. With mobile scanners, computers and RFID systems alone, enterprises can gain visibility into their assets and better streamline operations to keep their fleet moving. 
By replacing manual and hard-copy work 
orders with mobile devices, technicians save time and increase data accuracy. Further-more, with realtime, accurate insight into maintenance history, parts availability and inventory records, technicians can relay in-formation back to their central database. 
By leveraging connected, mobile devices, 
enterprises can capture, share and manage data around their moving assets across the enterprise. Connectivity also enables enter-prises to communicate with their techni-cians (drivers) anytime, anywhere, allowing them to be proactive with in-field repairs, maintenance, etc. With real-time updates on certain conditions such as bad weather or traffic, fleet technicians can better respond and/or prepare. 
For field technicians, real-time visibility 
into driver and vehicle performance is crit-ical. This visibility can be used to increase the safety of technicians, reduce damaged in-ventory and decrease insurance-related costs all of which are critical to an enterprise’s bottom line. Additionally, with real-time in-sight, technicians and drivers can respond to customer service inquiries in a timely man-ner. This helps personnel know when and where to allocate their time—improving the organization’s overall performance and cus-tomer service. 
Furthermore, with the ability to securely 
monitor their equipment and environment in real time, field service technicians can take action before problems arise. With the IoT, companies can gain intelligence remotely around their assets in the field, allowing them to facilitate needbased maintenance and eliminating unnecessary and/or reactive responses. 
Advances in mobile technology and the IoT 
are dramatically improving the way trans-portation and logistics businesses operate. The Enterprise Asset Intelligence delivered through these solutions is what enables or-ganizations to pinpoint inefficiencies in real time, improving throughput and helping them build progressive plans to move toward innovation. 
[From MassTransitMag.com, Nov. 2, 2015] 
MAPPING IOT INTOTODAY ’SURBAN  
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
(By Ashwini Chharia) 
Today, more than 54 percent of the world’s 
population lives in urban areas, a number that is expected to increase to 66 percent in the coming decades. This results initially in higher urban density, followed by urban sprawl as people and businesses expand be-yond the initial city boundaries. Such urban growth and sprawl results in a society with considerably more vehicles on the roads, amidst an increasing demand from com-muters for faster and alternate transpor-tation channels. We can all relate to experi-encing more congestion, increased accidents and road construction, all of which are also resulting in safety issues and increase the amount of time the average person spends commuting. Traffic congestion wastes en-ergy, contributes to global warming and costs individuals and businesses time and money. 
Using mobile applications, users are prom-
ised real-time travel information in order to reach a destination in an efficient amount of time. Yet, even using map applications many people still find themselves spending an inor-
dinate amount of time in commute due to traffic, accidents and other disruptions. Cit-ies are also increasingly forced to compete amongst themselves to attract residents and businesses and be considered a more desir-able place to live and work. A city’s trans-portation and communication infrastructure is an important consideration that has direct and indirect economic impacts for govern-ment, businesses and residents. 
To meet rising demand, cities require in-
frastructures and systems that are con-nected, energy-conscious and intelligent 
enough to quickly react to everyday traffic situations. This includes supporting ma-chine-to-machine interactions that allow travelers to quickly reroute their trip or plan to take alternate transportation, should a disruption arise. Critical to achieving this is a strong foundation of information and communications technology (ICT), and re-source management systems that operate under a supportive policy framework and en-able an expanded public-private cooperation. This communication infrastructure needs to support reliable high-speed transmission of vast amounts of data and enable communica-tion across people, organizations and sys-tems. For example, intelligent traffic man-agement systems that use wirelessly man-aged traffic lights at interchanges to help re-duce congestion require a robust infrastruc-ture that permits them to transmit large volumes of signal and video data to traffic control centers. 
Mobile technologies today are already ena-
bling residents to quickly inform and be in-formed of traffic situations and patterns that are emerging during their commute. In a traffic incident or natural catastrophe sit-uation, mobile technologies provide a means for interactive exchange of information and quick guidance and action from other par-ties, such as medical and law enforcement organizations and insurance companies. With intelligent transportation systems that can be used for traffic management and are available on a cloud platform, even smartphones can be used to manage the traf-fic system at any time. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentlewoman has a solid, sound amend-ment, and I support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I am of-
fering this amendment on behalf of Congress-woman S
EWELL and myself. 
Once again, I wish to thank the Chair and 
Ranking Member of the Rules Committee for making this Amendment in order. 
I thank the Transportation and Infrastructure 
Committee Chairman B
ILLSHUSTER and Rank-
ing Member P ETER A. D EFAZIO for their bipar-
tisan work to bring the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor. 
This Jackson Lee/Sewell Amendment pro-
vides a report to Congress from the Secretary of the Department of Transportation on the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ (IoT) and its potential to improve transportation services to the elderly and persons with disabilities as well as assist local, state and federal transportation planners in achieving better inefficiencies and cost ef-fectiveness, while protecting privacy and secu-rity of persons who use IoT technology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.042 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7597 November 3, 2015 
The IoT refers to the wireless environment 
that will support networking of physical objects or ‘‘things’’ embedded with wireless electronic components, software, sensors, and network connectivity technology, which enables these objects to collect and exchange data on peo-ple, places and things. 
The IoT will introduce the functionality of 
computing into physical space as computing technology is integrated into devices and sys-tems. 
It will also challenge the privacy and secu-
rity of users of the technology if precautions are not taken to ensure that information on these devices is not protected. 
This Jackson Lee/Sewell amendment will 
allow Congress to take into consideration how IoT technologies can be used to make public transportation, safer, more convenient to the elderly and disabled, and how it may improve mass and personal transportation efficiency. 
The ability to include wireless technology 
into physical things or support communication among digital devices that may be nearby or at distances will offer many benefits to con-sumers. 
IoT products are already being deployed for 
personal, recreational, city planning, public safety, energy consumption management, healthcare, and many other applications. 
Today, local governments are working to in-
corporate IoT services into transportation; gar-bage pickup, as well as the provision of wire-less connectivity for their residents. 
The Jackson Lee/Sewell Amendment will 
help ensure that we harness the benefits of the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ for the traveling public and minimize the threats to privacy and cyber-security presented by this new and exciting technology. 
I urge support for the Jackson Lee/Sewell 
Amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . 
BLUMENAUER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 326, line 10, strike ‘‘13 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘11 percent’’. 
Page 326, beginning line 18, strike ‘‘14.5 
percent’’ and insert ‘‘13.5 percent’’. 
Page 326, line 25, strike ‘‘52.5 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘50.5 percent’’. 
Page 327, line 20, strike ‘‘5 percent’’ and in-
sert ‘‘10 percent’’. 
Page 348, line 17, strike ‘‘15 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘2 percent’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Chair, I 
appreciate the work that has been done in this underlying legislation to put more national priority dealing with nonmotorized safety. This new program gives States fund-
ing for Vision-Zero-type activities that are on the forefront of what is hap-pening in communities around the country that are not accepting the car-nage on the highways for pedestrians and cyclists being able to use these tools, to be able to re-engineer and to enforce and protect some of our most vulnerable citizens. 
Being struck by a motor vehicle is 
the leading cause of injury-related death for children under 14, and being struck by a motor vehicle is the sec-ond-leading cause of injury-related death for senior citizens. This is our young and our old. 
In low-income neighborhoods, there 
is a much higher pedestrian fatality rate than in higher income areas. Fa-talities on our roadways have declined overall, but the number of pedestrians killed annually rose 16 percent over the course of the last 5 years. 
We spend billions of dollars on sur-
face transportation every year, not as much as we should, but a significant amount of money. Yet, we are spending less than a billion on critical bike and pedestrian Federal projects. 
That is why I strongly support the 
new nonmotorized public safety pro-gram. However, I have one modest con-cern. Only States where 15 percent or more of the traffic fatalities are non-motorized are eligible for this funding. My reckoning is that only 20 States and the District of Columbia would qualify. This seems backwards to me. 
When we have this carnage occurring 
in communities large and small across the country, this provision would actu-ally reward States with Federal money that are more dangerous for bicyclists and pedestrians and doesn’t provide in-centives for those States who have low-ered the number of bike and pedestrian incidents and are working to move for-ward. 
I have introduced this legislation 
with my colleague, Congressman B
UCHANAN of Florida, who is the co- 
chair of the Bike Caucus, to make this funding available to virtually every State by lowering the eligibility threshold to 2 percent of the fatalities and double the funding for a non-motorized safety program. 
Madam Chair, this is serious busi-
ness. I have encountered people from around the country who are part of this revolution in terms of enhancing bike and pedestrian facilities. This Congress has been in the forefront of moving it forward. I think extending the eligi-bility of this program would be in keeping with this record of accomplish-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I do 
oppose this amendment. 
In this bill, we have created a com-
petitive grant program for non-motorized users. In this program, it 
stood up for the first time. We should let NHTSA stand this program up be-fore we judge the success and before we award it more funding. 
This amendment would cut funding 
for critical safety programs that keep drunk drivers off our highways, encour-age seat belt use, and improve State safety data programs. The funds would be reallocated in a new program cre-ated in this bill, as I mentioned, to focus on bike and pedestrian safety. 
I commend the gentleman for his pas-
sion and commitment to cyclists and their safety, but this is a new program that has been set up. So I would just urge that we should let NHTSA stand the program up and then judge its suc-cess and whether we should allocate more money or not. 
I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Chair, I 
appreciate what the committee has done putting this new program in. I think it is important. I look forward to its success. 
Since it is a competitive grant pro-
gram, allowing most States to be eligi-ble doesn’t take that away. 
The other areas that the gentleman 
is talking about have much more gen-erous funding than programs that hit our youth and our senior citizens in term of bike and pedestrian. 
I think, by any rational reallocation, 
we would be putting more in. This is a drop in the bucket, $28 million overall. It would be money well spent and would allow the program to be able to evaluate which programs are the best, particularly some that have success-fully lowered their accident rate a lit-tle bit below the 15 percent threshold. Maybe they have got something going. Maybe they have got something that we could use for national applications. 
I respectfully request that the 
amendment be approved. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MRS . 
KIRKPATRICK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 333, line 18, strike ‘‘ OR STOPPED IN  
TRAFFIC ’’. 
Page 333, line 22, strike ‘‘or stopped in traf-
fic’’. 
Page 333, line 24, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 334, line 2, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 334, after line 2, insert the following: 
‘‘(D) does not provide for an exemption 
that specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communication device while stopped in traffic.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.039 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7598 November 3, 2015 
Page 334, line 9, strike ‘‘or stopped in traf-
fic’’ and insert ‘‘if the driver is’’. 
Page 334, line 15, strike ‘‘and’’ Page 334, line 16, strike ‘‘first’’. Page 334, line 17, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 334, after line 17, insert the following: ‘‘(D) does not provide for an exemption 
that specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communication device while stopped in traffic.’’. 
Page 337, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘, in-
cluding operation while temporarily sta-tionary because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Madam Chair, I 
thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO, Subcommittee Chair 
GRAVES , and Subcommittee Ranking 
Member H OLMES NORTON for accepting 
my amendment on distracted driving. 
Madam Chair, texting is an ex-
tremely dangerous activity as it re-quires drivers to take their eyes, hands, and minds off the task of driv-ing. Drivers aged 16 to 24 have the highest propensity to text while driv-ing. Cell phone conversations with handheld or hands-free devices are dan-gerous as well, especially for young, novice drivers. 
A Carnegie Mellon University study 
of MRIs shows that the area of the brain responsible for processing mov-ing visual information, a vital part of driving, has 37 percent less capacity when talking on the phone. A driver texting may miss seeing up to 50 per-cent of his or her driving environment, even when looking through the wind-shield. This includes stop signs, pedes-trians, and red lights, according to the University of Utah Applied Cognition Laboratory. 
This simple, commonsense amend-
ment ensures that States that have en-acted texting and teen cell phone bans qualify for incentive grant funding. This amendment will also allow addi-tional States to qualify for distracted driving incentive grant funding while maintaining the core safety require-ment of the grant. 
The amendment has the support of 
AAA, Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, Governors Highway Safety As-sociation, MADD, the National Safety Council, and Safe Kids Worldwide. 
We want to ensure that States that 
make necessary improvements to their distracted driving laws qualify for in-centive grant funding. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, this 
amendment makes an important change to the distracted driver incen-
tive grant program that will ensure more States can qualify for funding. 
It is a good amendment. I urge its 
adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Madam Chair, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. K
IRK-
PATRICK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MISS RICE OF  
NEW YORK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Miss RICE of New York. Madam 
Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 340, strike line 9 and all that follows 
through page 347, line 25, and insert the fol-lowing: 
(f) S
TATE GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING IN-
CENTIVE GRANT .—Section 405(g)(2) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘21’’ 
and inserting ‘‘18’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) L ICENSING PROCESS .—A State is in 
compliance with the 2-stage licensing proc-ess described in this subparagraph if the State’s driver’s license laws include— 
‘‘(i) a learner’s permit stage that— ‘‘(I) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(II) contains a prohibition on the driver 
using a personal wireless communications device (as defined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under paragraph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a pri-mary offense; 
‘‘(III) requires applicants to successfully 
pass a vision and knowledge assessment prior to receiving a learner’s permit; 
‘‘(IV) requires that the driver be accom-
panied and supervised at all times while the driver is operating a motor vehicle by a li-censed driver who is at least 21 years of age or is a State-certified driving instructor; 
‘‘(V) has a requirement that the driver— ‘‘(aa) complete a State-certified driver edu-
cation or training course; or 
‘‘(bb) obtain at least 50 hours of behind- 
the-wheel training, with at least 10 hours at night, with a licensed driver; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver— ‘‘(aa) reaches 16 years of age and enters the 
intermediate stage; or 
‘‘(bb) reaches 18 years of age; ‘‘(ii) an intermediate stage that— ‘‘(I) commences immediately after the ex-
piration of the learner’s permit stage and successful completion of a driving skills as-sessment; 
‘‘(II) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(III) prohibits the driver from using a per-
sonal wireless communications device (as de-fined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under para-graph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a primary of-fense; 
‘‘(IV) for the first 6 month of the inter-
mediate stage, restricts driving at night be-tween the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. when not supervised by a licensed driver 21 years of age or older, excluding transpor-tation to work, school, religious activities, 
or emergencies; 
‘‘(V) prohibits the driver from operating a 
motor vehicle with more than 1 nonfamilial passenger younger than 21 years of age un-less a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age is in the motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver 
reaches 17 years of age; and 
‘‘(iii) a learner’s permit and intermediate 
stage that require, in addition to any other penalties imposed by State law, the granting of an unrestricted driver’s license be auto-matically delayed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit or intermediate stage, is convicted of a driving-related of-fense during the first 6 months, including— 
‘‘(I) driving while intoxicated; ‘‘(II) misrepresentation of the individual’s 
age; 
‘‘(III) reckless driving; ‘‘(IV) driving without wearing a seat belt; ‘‘(V) speeding; or ‘‘(VI) any other driving-related offense, as 
determined by the Secretary.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New York. 
Miss RICE of New York. Madam 
Chairwoman, over the course of my ca-reer, one issue that has taken on tre-mendous importance to me is reducing the number of traffic fatalities that occur on our roads and highways. 
One of the ways we can keep making 
progress in this area is by focusing on young drivers. As any parent with a teenaged child can tell you, young peo-ple do not have the knowledge, experi-ence, and maturity to drive safely 100 percent of the time, and that can have deadly consequences for themselves and for others. 
In 2013, more than 4,000 people were 
killed in crashes involving teen driv-ers. For drivers aged 16 to 19, the fatal crash risk is three times higher than for drivers over age 20. 
My amendment will help reduce 
those risks by encouraging all 50 States to adopt core graduated driver’s license requirements that we know will help keep teens safe as they learn to drive. 
This amendment encourages States 
to enact meaningful requirements to help keep everyone safe on our roads. The amendment would require young drivers to go through two stages of li-censing, a learner’s permit followed by an intermediate stage. 
Drivers must have a learner’s permit 
for at least 6 months. They have to pass vision and knowledge tests. They have to be supervised when they drive. They have to gain 50 hours of experi-ence behind the wheel, with 10 of those hours at night. 
They must be strictly prohibited 
from using a cell phone or other device while driving, as all drivers should be, regardless of age, because even the most experienced driver in the world 
becomes dangerous when they are texting or taking selfies behind the wheel of a car. 
A learner who passes a driving test 
advances to the intermediate stage, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.043 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7599 November 3, 2015 
which lasts at least another 6 months. 
The cell phone ban remains in place, and violating that restriction must be a primary offense. 
Intermediate drivers cannot drive 
after 10 p.m., with reasonable excep-tions. Eighty percent of crashes involv-ing 16- and 17-year-old drivers happen between 9 o’clock at night and mid-night, and this restriction reduces crashes by up to 60 percent during the overnight hours. 
Intermediate drivers cannot have any 
drunk driving violations, fake ID viola-tions, reckless driving, failure to wear a seat belt, speeding, or other viola-tions. 
These are some of the very basic re-
quirements that we know are necessary to help keep young people safe as they learn how to drive. This should be the law in every American State. 
My amendment helps move us toward 
that goal by providing grant funding to States that adopt and implement these requirements in full. 
I want to note that this amendment 
is supported by the National Safety Council, as well as AAA, Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, the Gov-ernors Highway Safety Association, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, and Safe Kids Worldwide. 
The language in this amendment is 
the same as the language in the DRIVE Act, which passed in the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support. 
I believe it deserves the same bipar-
tisan support in the House. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1715 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, this 
amendment would actually gut the re-forms in this bill that ensures more States with graduated driver’s license programs can qualify for these impor-tant safety grant funding programs. 
MAP–21 established an incentive 
grant program to improve teen driver safety by encouraging States to adopt graduated driver’s license programs. Unfortunately, the Federal require-ments for the program were too pre-scriptive, which happens so many times we put out something. As a re-sult, over 40 States have graduated driver’s license programs in place today. None of them qualified for grant funds in 2014. 
The STRR Act reforms the Federal 
requirements and ensures more States will qualify for funding. 
This amendment does little to reform 
the Federal requirements. Few, if any, States will qualify for funds if this amendment passes. 
I urge all my colleagues to oppose 
this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Madam 
Chairwoman, I ask the Chairman if he would be willing to work with us in 
conference on this. 
I yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I 
would be glad to continue to work with the gentlewoman on this. The issue is important. Again, I think we have re-forms in here. We would love to work with the gentlewoman and move this forward to make sure that these re-forms get into place when we have a final bill on the floor. 
Miss RICE of New York. Madam 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
The Chair understands that amend-
ment No. 25 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
TENNESSEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll . SAFETY STUDY REGARDING DOUBLE- 
DECKER MOTORCOACHES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation, in consultation with State transpor-tation safety officials, shall conduct a study regarding the safety operations, fire suppres-sion capability, tire loads, and pavement im-pacts of operating a double-decker motor-coach equipped with a device designed by the motorcoach manufacturer to attach to the rear of the motorcoach for use in trans-porting passenger baggage. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report containing the results of the study to— 
(1) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and 
(2) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam 
Chairman, my amendment requires the Department of Transportation to con-duct a study on the operations of a double-decker motorcoach equipped with a luggage carrier on the rear of the vehicle. The Department of Trans-portation will be required to report its findings back to the Congress 60 days after the enactment of the bill. 
Federal law does not limit the length 
of buses but provides that States can-not limit buses to less than 45 feet. A majority, but not all, States adopted laws providing for a 45-foot maximum limit for buses years ago when all 
intercity buses were no longer than that length. However, the 45-foot limits in these States effectively precludes the attachment of a luggage carrier, known commonly as a luggage box, to the back of modern double-decker intercity motorcoaches of the sort now used by several intercity bus compa-nies because the luggage boxes extend the bus by about 2 feet and several inches over the 45-foot limit. 
Luggage boxes have been in use, 
Madam Chairwoman, for many years in Europe, where they are used by over 600 bus operators. They are also currently in use in Florida and Georgia, neither of which State has a 45-foot bus length limit. Even with the luggage box, these buses are much shorter than most truck-trailer combinations. 
Further, an intensive study under-
taken by two respected ex-NHTSA en-gineers last year has confirmed that the luggage box poses no hazard to the 
bus, its passengers, or highway safety. In fact, no Federal or State vehicle safety agency has raised any objection to the use of the luggage box. 
While there is no evidence that the 
use of these luggage boxes is unsafe, I do think we would benefit from an independent study by the Department of Transportation so everyone will be completely assured that there is no safety risk involved in these luggage boxes at all. 
I hope my colleagues will support 
this very minor amendment to have the Department of Transportation con-duct this study. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I con-
gratulate the gentleman on his amend-ment. I think that this will help pro-vide us with more factual knowledge in terms of looking at any future changes as might relate to these sorts of buses and also will provide useful informa-tion to consumers. I think it is very well thought out, and I congratulate the gentleman. I urge support of the amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam 
Chair, I certainly appreciate that sup-port from the ranking member, Mr. D
EFAZIO. I urge passage of this amend-
ment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MRS . COMSTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.105 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7600 November 3, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 494, lines 13 through 18, amend para-
graph (2) to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) R ESTRICTION .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—A lead institution of a 
consortium of nonprofit institutions of high-er education, as applicable, may only submit 1 grant application per fiscal year for each of the transportation centers described under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CONSORTIUM MEMBERS  
THAT ARE NOT LEAD INSTITUTIONS .—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not apply to a nonprofit in-stitution of higher education that is a mem-ber of a consortium of nonprofit institutions of higher education but not the lead institu-tion of such consortium. 
Page 502, line 10, insert ‘‘, congestion, con-
nected vehicles, connected infrastructure, and autonomous vehicles’’ after ‘‘transpor-tation safety’’. 
Page 525, after line 16, insert the following: 
SEC. 6027. TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT 5-YEAR STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a 5-year transportation research and development strategic plan for fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to guide future Federal transportation research and development ac-tivities. 
(b) C
ONSISTENCY .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under subsection (a) shall be consistent with— 
(1) section 306 of title 5, United States 
Code; 
(2) sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United 
States Code; 
(3) section 508 of title 23, United States 
Code; and 
(4) any other research and development 
plan within the Department. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) describe the primary purposes of the 
transportation research and development program; 
(2) list the proposed research and develop-
ment activities that the Department intends to pursue to accomplish under the strategic plan, which may include— 
(A) fundamental research pertaining to the 
applied physical and natural sciences; 
(B) applied science and research; (C) technology development research; and (D) social science research; and (3) for each research and development ac-
tivity— 
(A) identify the anticipated annual funding 
levels for the period covered by the strategic plan; and 
(B) describe the research findings the De-
partment expects to discover at the end of the period covered by the strategic plan. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the strategic plan developed under this section— 
(1) reflects input from external stake-
holders; 
(2) includes and integrates the research 
and development programs of all of the De-partment’s modal administrations and joint programs; 
(3) takes into account research and devel-
opment by other Federal, State, local, pri-vate sector, and nonprofit institutions; and 
(4) is published on a public website by De-
cember 31, 2016. 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
(1) N ATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL REVIEW .— 
The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Research Council for a re-view and analysis of the Department’s 5-year 
research and development strategic plan de-scribed in this section. By March 31, 2017, the Secretary shall publish on a public website the National Research Council’s analysis of the Department’s plan. 
(2) I
NTERIM REPORT .—By June 30, 2019, the 
Secretary shall publish on a public website an interim report that— 
(A) provides an assessment of the Depart-
ment’s 5-year research and development strategic plan described in this section that includes a description of the extent to which the research and development is or is not successfully meeting the purposes described under subsection (c)(1); and 
(B) addresses any concerns and identifies 
any gaps that may have been raised by the National Research Council analysis under paragraph (1), including how the plan is or is not responsive to the National Research Council review. 
SEC. 6028. TRAFFIC CONGESTION. 
(a) C ONGESTION RESEARCH .—The Assistant 
Secretary may conduct research on the re-duction of traffic congestion. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Assistant Sec-
retary shall— 
(1) recommend research to accelerate the 
adoption of transportation management sys-tems that allow traffic to flow in the safest and most efficient manner possible while al-leviating current and future traffic conges-tion challenges; 
(2) assess and analyze traffic, transit, and 
freight data from various sources relevant to efforts to reduce traffic congestion so as to maximize mobility, efficiency, and capacity while decreasing congestion and travel times; 
(3) examine the use and integration of mul-
tiple data types from multiple sources and technologies, including road weather data, private vehicle (including Global Positioning System) data, arterial and highway traffic conditions, transit vehicle arrival and depar-ture times, real time navigation routing, construction zone information, and reports of incidents, to suggest improvements in ef-fective communication of such data and in-formation in real time; 
(4) develop and disseminate suggested 
strategies and solutions to reduce congestion for high-density traffic regions and to pro-vide mobility in the event of an emergency or natural disaster; and 
(5) collaborate with other relevant Federal 
agencies, State and local agencies, industry and industry associations, and university re-search centers to fulfill goals and objectives under this section. 
(c) I
DENTIFYING INFORMATION .—The Assist-
ant Secretary shall ensure that information used pursuant to this section does not con-tain identifying information of any indi-vidual. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assist-ant Secretary shall make available on a pub-lic website a report on its activities under this section. 
SEC. 6029. RAIL SAFETY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Research and Tech-nology may transmit to Congress a report containing— 
(1) the results of a study to examine the 
state of rail safety technologies and an anal-ysis of whether the passenger, commuter, and transit rail transportation industries are keeping up with innovations in technologies to make rail cars safer for passengers and transport of commerce; and 
(2) a determination of how much additional 
time and public and private resources will be required for railroad carriers to meet the positive train control system implementa-
tion requirements under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Virginia. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Madam Chair, I 
rise today in support of my amend-ment, which incorporates important provisions from a bill of mine, H.R. 3585, the Surface Transportation Re-search and Development Act of 2015. 
I appreciate that I serve on two com-
mittees that are very important to my district: the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. I am also honored to chair the Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, which came together to pass this measure. 
This amendment, which consists of 
parts of this bill, is common sense and bipartisan. It provides for more and better solutions to ease traffic conges-tion and provide key research for transportation. 
The first part of the amendment fur-
ther clarifies language in the under-lying bill regarding universities’ abili-ties to submit grant applications for the University Transportation Centers program as either the lead or partnering applicant. This provides more universities the opportunity to seek these funds. 
The second part directs the Secretary 
of Transportation to develop a 5-year Strategic Plan for Transportation Re-search and Development. 
The third part of the amendment 
covers an issue that will be appreciated by Members representing urban and suburban areas of the country, and that is traffic congestion. It provides authority for the Transportation As-sistant Secretary for Research and Technology to conduct research to re-duce traffic congestion. 
That research would ask the Assist-
ant Secretary to: 
First, help accelerate the adoption of 
transportation management systems that allow traffic better to flow in safe and more efficient ways; 
Second, to assess traffic, transit, and 
freight data from various sources; 
Third, develop and disseminate strat-
egies to reduce congestion for high- density traffic regions; and 
Fourth, to collaborate with other 
Federal, State, and local governments as well as industry and universities. 
The fourth and final part of this 
amendment authorizes the Assistant Secretary to transmit a report to Con-gress on rail safety issues. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S MITH), 
the chairman of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Chair, I 
support the amendment sponsored by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.109 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7601 November 3, 2015 
Representative B ARBARA COMSTOCK , 
chair of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the subcommittee’s ranking minority member, D
ANLIPINSKI . 
The Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology has jurisdiction over research, development, and technology programs at the Department of Trans-portation. In anticipation of a House surface transportation authorization bill, the committee exercised its juris-diction with a transportation research and development hearing in June. In September the Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology marked up H.R. 3585, the Surface Transportation Re-search and Development Act of 2015. 
It is essential that we find a way to 
maintain a healthy, substantive re-search base for America’s transpor-tation initiatives. We have to ensure that Congress gets its priorities right and that taxpayers receive maximum value for their hard-earned tax dollars. H.R. 3585 does just that. This makes the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s jurisdiction over R&D programs at the Department of Trans-portation particularly relevant. 
Since the introduction and subse-
quent markup of the underlying bill, members and staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology have worked closely with our counterparts on the House Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure to ensure in-clusion of some of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s pri-orities into the highway bill. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
for working with Congresswoman C OM-
STOCK and me in this venture. 
I look forward to further discussions 
after the House passes this bill, as we continue to work cooperatively on pol-icy deliberations and resolution of in-dividual R&D provisions during the House-Senate conference. 
Again, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for 
his support of this amendment, and I thank the gentlewoman from Virginia for introducing the underlying bill that has been put into this underlying bill as well. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I consume. I actu-ally rise in support of the amendment, and I particularly want to congratulate my colleague, D
ANLIPINSKI , who serves 
on both the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for his work on this amend-ment. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Madam Chair, I thank 
the ranking member for his support of this amendment. I thank Chairwoman 
COMSTOCK and Chairman S MITH for 
working with me and working together on this amendment. 
The piece of the amendment that I 
want to address is the language based on a small piece of the Future TRIP Act, which I introduced, cosponsored by Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK , and that we 
passed in the Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. The gentlewoman is chair of that committee. I am ranking member on that subcommittee. 
The language in this amendment 
from my bill calls for a regional trans-portation center on connected vehicles and connected infrastructure. Con-nected and autonomous vehicles hold enormous promise for safe, efficient transportation. This research center could play a big part in developing new technologies in this area, so I am very pleased to have it included in this amendment. 
The amendment also contains lan-
guage from my bill in regard to Univer-sity Transportation Centers. It allows universities to lead one proposal for each type of center. It also permits universities to collaborate on as many awards as they like, as long as they are not leading the proposal. This gives in-creased flexibility to those universities that have special expertise in this area. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their 
support in working with us. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Madam Chairman, 
I thank Chairman S
MITH, and I thank 
Ranking Member L IPINSKI for their 
support. I also thank Chairman S HU-
STER and our ranking member for 
working with us on this amendment. I urge passage of this amendment that will help bring our transportation sys-tem into the 21st century. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b1730 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . BARLETTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Madam Chair-
woman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR TOP 
FITTINGS PROTECTION FOR CLASS DOT–117R TANK CARS. 
(a) P ROTECTIVE HOUSING .—Except as pro-
vided in subsections (b) and (c), top fittings on DOT specification 117R tank cars shall be located inside a protective housing not less than 
1⁄2-inch in thickness and constructed of a material having a tensile strength not less 
than 65 kilopound per square inch and con-form to the following specifications: 
(1) The protective housing shall be as tall 
as the tallest valve or fitting involved and the height of a valve or fitting within the protective housing must be kept to the min-imum compatible with their proper oper-ation. 
(2) The protective housing or cover may 
not reduce the flow capacity of the pressure relief device below the minimum required. 
(3) The protective housing shall provide a 
means of drainage with a minimum flow area equivalent to six 1-inch diameter holes. 
(4) When connected to the nozzle or fittings 
cover plate and subject to a horizontal force applied perpendicular to and uniformly over the projected plane of the protective hous-ing, the tensile connection strength of the protective housing shall be designed to be— 
(A) no greater than 70 percent of the nozzle 
to tank tensile connection strength; 
(B) no greater than 70 percent of the cover 
plate to nozzle connection strength; and 
(C) no less than either 40 percent of the 
nozzle to tank tensile connection strength or the shear strength of twenty 
1⁄2-inch bolts. 
(b) P RESSURE RELIEF DEVICES .— 
(1) The pressure relief device shall be lo-
cated inside the protective housing, unless space does not permit. If multiple pressure relief devices are equipped, no more than 1 may be located outside of a protective hous-ing. 
(2) The highest point on any pressure relief 
device located outside of a protective hous-ing may not be more than 12 inches above the tank jacket. 
(3) The highest point on the closure of any 
unused pressure relief device nozzle may not be more than 6 inches above the tank jacket. 
(c) A
LTERNATIVE PROTECTION .—As an alter-
native to the protective housing require-ments in subsection (a) of this section, the tank car may be equipped with a system that prevents the release of product from any top fitting in the case of an incident where any top fitting would be sheared off. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to require the Sec-retary to issue regulations to implement this section. 
(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall prohibit the Secretary from ap-proving new technologies, methods or re-quirements that provide a level of safety equivalent to or greater than the level of safety provided for in this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Madam Chair-
woman, I am offering an amendment to make the transportation of crude oil by railroads safer. 
My amendment would require all 
tank cars moving flammable liquids to be retrofitted with new safety equip-ment. This is in addition to the strong safety measures included in the Fed-eral Rail Administration’s recent tank car rule. 
The safety measures would place top- 
fitting protections on the tank car. These top fittings protect the pressure relief valve, which protects the integ-rity of a tank car. 
The valve can slowly release the 
gases in the unlikely event that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.110 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7602 November 3, 2015 
tank car is exposed to pressure buildup 
in a fire as a result of a derailment. This decreases the likelihood of a major incident and provides first re-sponders additional time. 
The newer tank cars have this type 
of protection, but the majority of DOT 111 legacy tank cars do not have this enhanced protection. That is about 50 percent of the expected retrofit tank car fleet, making this reform very im-portant. A similar requirement was considered and rejected during the tank car rulemaking process due to cost-benefit concerns. 
This proposal is a less costly option 
that is supported by the Association of American Railroads, the American Chemistry Council, the Railway Supply Institute, the American Petroleum In-stitute, and the Renewable Fuels Asso-ciation. 
I am proud to offer this amendment 
to improve the safety of moving crude oil by rail. This is an issue that is very important to Pennsylvania. 
I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO for working 
with me on this amendment. I also thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for cosponsoring 
the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I rise to 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank the two gentlemen involved 
for noting this deficiency in the rule. It is inexplicable to me that, although they certainly noted the need in the new design to have a protective hous-ing around the pressure relief valve so they wouldn’t shear off in a rollover accident, they did not extend that to retrofitted cars. This amendment en-sures that they will meet those strong-er standards. I think this amendment has tremendous merit. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), the Democratic sponsor of 
the amendment. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding, and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for all his work on this 
amendment. I rise in support of this amendment and ask my colleagues to support it. 
Madam Chair, this amendment is 
common sense and will strengthen the Department of Transportation’s tank car rule by providing all legacy tank cars retrofitted for class III flammable liquid service to include enhanced top fittings protections for pressure relief valves. 
The pressure relief valve on a new 
tank car standard allows tank cars to vent gases to reduce the chance of a tank car rupturing from vapor pres-sure, which can happen if it is heated after a derailment or an accident. How-ever, this pressure relief valve is sus-
ceptible to damage in the event of an accident, as it can easily be torn off, thus eliminating any safety benefit. 
To mitigate this issue, this amend-
ment would require the installation of a small, protective device that will help keep this valve in place after an accident and save lives in the process. 
This amendment is supported by the 
American Petroleum Institute, Asso-ciation of American Railroads, the American Chemistry Council, and Re-newable Fuels Association, and is something that has been called for by first responders who have a lot of these trains going through these districts. 
I know it is very important to me in 
my district in the Chicagoland area. We are the rail hub of the Nation, with nearly 40 percent of America’s rail traf-fic flowing through, and my district is host to track owned by six out of the seven class I railroads. 
More crude oil passes through Chi-
cago than anywhere else in the Nation, with upwards of 40-mile-long unit trains snaking through neighborhoods in the region each week, making them a common sight at the 195 at-grade crossings in my district, a few of which are as close to within a mile of my own home. 
While the energy renaissance has 
brought relief to many in the form of lower gas prices, it requires the use of rail to ensure that this commodity is transported in the safest possible man-ner. This amendment makes it even safer. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Madam Chair-
woman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 573, after line 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 7016. SAFETY OF PIPELINE TRANSPOR-
TATION INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
The Secretary shall, at the request of a 
State or tribal government, conduct a review of the safety and safety-related aspects of a pipeline transportation infrastructure project. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, first of 
all, I want to come to the floor and say thank you to Chairman S
HUSTER and 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their 
great work in bringing a long-term transportation bill to the floor. 
They need to really be congratulated 
on the work that they have done in ne-gotiating the finer points of this bill, which I think is nearly perfect, with one small flaw, which I will attempt to cure with my amendment. 
Madam Chair, in my district and in 
many districts across the United States, we are dealing with a situation where high-pressure natural gas lines are being extended and expanded in some urban areas and some rural areas. 
I have three areas in my district that 
are impacted severely in some respects: the town of Dedham, the town of Wey-mouth, and the neighborhood of West Roxbury. I think the neighborhood of West Roxbury offers the most clear ex-ample of what my concern is. 
In the neighborhood of West 
Roxbury, we have an active gravel quarry. It is located a matter of yards away from a residential area. You could throw a baseball from the blast-ing zone of the quarry to the residen-tial homes next door. You have got kids there. You have got schools there. It is a densely settled population there and is a beautiful neighborhood. 
FERC, in its wisdom, has authorized 
the placement of a high-pressure gas line that runs through the active blast zone adjacent to the residential area where my constituents live and are raising their families, where their kids go to bed at night. We cannot get en-trance into the process because FERC controls the whole process. They make their decision, and then, in your ap-peal, they get to review their own deci-sion. 
So what this amendment would do in 
those situations—like the West Roxbury situation where you have a pipeline company putting in a high- pressure gas line through an active blast zone next to a residential area— is to have an appeal process where the public safety officers of the State could ask for a review on public safety grounds of that decision of where to place that pipeline. 
In all fairness to the community, 
they are just asking them to relocate the pipeline out of the blast zone. It would seem to make sense that that would be a reasonable request. But I think, obviously, the pipeline company is interested in reducing costs and de-livering their product. 
I am trying to intervene, as any 
Member of Congress would, just to get them to take a good, hard second look 
at this, a fresh set of eyes on the re-quest that the pipeline company has made and FERC has authorized. 
So that is the purpose of my amend-
ment here. I am just trying to get a fair hearing on this decision, which I think is a horrendous decision and may result in the loss of life here, if they are not careful. We don’t have much of a buffer zone between the pipeline, the quarry, and the homes where the peo-ple live. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.113 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7603 November 3, 2015 
That is the purpose of my amend-
ment. I am urging my colleagues here to consider themselves being in my po-sition, trying to defend your constitu-ents from a palpable danger, hoping that this body would recognize the wis-dom in having a real appeal process. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I cer-
tainly understand where the gentleman from Massachusetts is coming from. I don’t know all the details, but it sounds troubling. 
His amendment, as it is written, 
would go far beyond the mandate by in-serting PHMSA into the approval proc-ess to construct a pipeline at the re-quest of a State or tribe. This could significantly slow down construction to complete some of these pipelines around the country or even to start them. 
Pipelines are extremely safe. Again, I 
understand and empathize with the gentleman and the situation he is talk-ing about, but pipelines carry 99.997 percent of all hazardous material safe-ly to their destination. Again, we need to make sure PHMSA’s scarce re-sources are focused on its mission to ensure pipelines are operated and maintained safely. 
This is a time where the country des-
perately needs to get more pipeline. The gentleman’s amendment is just too broadly written, and the unintended consequences would go far beyond what he is talking about. 
So I would have to vote in opposition 
to his amendment, but I certainly would like to help the gentleman, if I can, if it is a situation where we can be of any help to him. But this amend-ment is too broadly written. So I would oppose it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, can I ask 
how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Massachusetts has 1 minute re-maining. 
Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, we do 
have a pipeline safety bill that is com-ing up later in the session. So I would appreciate the opportunity to work with the chairman to try to address that. 
But I do want to remind him that 
these are very, very unique situations. You don’t have many cases where you have a high-pressure gas line being put through a blast zone adjacent to resi-dential homes. 
So this is a special danger, and it 
would require that special danger to exist before the State could take ac-tion. We are only asking for extra re-view. 
I would remind the Members that 
there was a tragic incident in 2010 in San Bruno, California, where 8 people were killed and 38 homes were de-stroyed during a Pacific Gas and Elec-tric natural gas line pipe explosion. 
That is what I am trying to prevent. 
This is a rare situation. I realize you 
have got to build pipelines, but I think you ought to be able to do it without, as I have said before multiple times, putting a pipeline through a blast zone adjacent to residential homes. I think you can find another route that wouldn’t go through that blast zone. It is the one quarry I have got in my dis-trict, and they chose to go right through it. 
I know the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. I know the hard work he has put into this bill. I am just looking for some relief for people that I care about. I am very fearful of the consequences if this is allowed to continue. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. LEWIS. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 36, after line 23, insert the following 
(and redesignate accordingly): 
‘‘(12) Planning, design, or construction of a 
Type II noise barrier (as described in section 772.5 of title 23, Code of Federal Regula-tions).’’. 
Page 38, line 7, strike ‘‘(11)’’ and insert 
‘‘(12)’’. 
Page 47, after line 10, insert the following: (8) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM DESIGNATION  
ACT.—Section 339 of the National Highway 
System Designation Act of 1995 (23 U.S.C. 106 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (j) as subsections (b) through (i), re-spectively. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
b1745 
Mr. LEWIS. Madam Chair, I appre-
ciate the chairman and the ranking member’s hard work on this bill. 
I rise to offer an amendment that is 
very important to the people of metro Atlanta. My amendment would allow Federal funds from the Surface Trans-portation Block Grant Program to be 
used to construct type II noise bar-riers. These are barriers built to cut 
down noise along existing highways. 
Current Federal law ties the hands of 
State transportation agencies. It limits their ability to address key quality-of- life concerns in the planning process. 
Madam Chair, my office has been 
working with the Georgia Department of Transportation for years to address these concerns. Many communities in metro Atlanta are tired of the noise and just want some peace and quiet. We are ready to move forward, but we need Congress to untie our hands. 
My amendment does not cost one 
cent, not one dime. If anything, it im-proves the effectiveness of the money we already send to the States. 
It does not require that States build 
these barriers; instead, it allows them the flexibility they need to minimize Federal funds, to raise property values, and to improve the quality of life in frustrated communities across Amer-ica. Madam Chair, we have the oppor-tunity to do something that would make our citizens’ lives better. 
Living next to a loud highway can be 
a headache. When you have a good and quiet neighborhood, when you can get some sleep, you can be happy. I urge the adoption of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
The prohibition on installing noise 
barriers on existing roads is put in place for a reason. Residents and busi-nesses that have coexisted with high-ways for years, or even decades, should not be entitled to noise barriers. Peo-ple built their houses, built their busi-nesses. 
I understand there is increased traf-
fic, certainly here in the Washington, D.C., area; but these noise barriers should be reserved for new highways or a significant highway expansion as a result of changing conditions in the neighborhoods. 
Again, if a homebuilder is willing to 
build his house next to a highway or an airport, they know what the con-sequences are; and to have to put this burden on the taxpayers just is some-thing that I don’t believe is fair. Given that we have limited resources, funding should be reserved for highway and bridge construction, and not used for noise barriers on existing roads. 
Again, if people have been there, then 
it is up to the local folks, it is up to the developer if they are building a de-velopment along that road to pay that bill, and again, not the taxpayer. So I oppose this amendment. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Oregon. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I would 
suggest that I would like to continue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.115 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7604 November 3, 2015 
the discussion. I think there are dif-
ferent conditions. 
Certainly if a developer buys a large 
tract of land next to an existing inter-state and then expects the taxpayers to pay for sound protection, that is not right. But I think there are cases where you have found that a lot of interstates were built in areas where there wasn’t a lot of traffic. The houses have been there for quite some time, and now the traffic has grown phe-nomenally, particularly truck traffic and things that create more noise. I think there may be a way to do it in certain circumstances where it is mer-ited, where it isn’t due to new develop-ment but due to growth and traffic and noise and that. 
I don’t know if the chairman has con-
sidered that. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I think the gen-
tleman from Oregon has a reasonable argument. I think those things do occur, and that would be something I would continue to work with him and work in the future on as we move for-ward on this. 
As the amendment stands right now, 
I would have to oppose it. But I am fully willing to accept what the gen-tleman from Oregon says and work with him, and I have great respect for the gentleman from Georgia. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS. Madam Chair, with the 
discussion and the words of the chair-man and the ranking member, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 68, after line 21, insert the following: 
‘‘(3) S PECIAL RULE .—The Secretary may 
treat a program of eligible projects as a sin-gle project for purposes of meeting the re-quirement of paragraph (1)(B)(i). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, the Na-
tionally Significant Freight and High-way Projects program in this bill will address critical infrastructure needs that will improve America’s economic competitiveness, but will also bring tremendous benefit to our commu-nities, especially districts like mine, which is the epicenter of the inter-national supply chain flowing through the Ports of L.A. and Long Beach. Freight corridors that run through 
districts such as mine, and those in Chicago, Houston, Florida, Charleston, New York, New Jersey, and Seattle, bring jobs and spur economic growth. However, they also create congestion, pollution, and safety concerns. 
One of the primary strategies to al-
leviate these issues—congestion, air pollution, and accidents—is to build rail grade separations that allow trains and cars to flow freely. In fact, grade separations are explicitly mentioned in the bill as eligible to receive funding from the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects pro-gram. However, the $100 million thresh-old far exceeds the cost of most grade separation projects. 
To better achieve the intent of this 
bill, my amendment simply clarifies that a program of eligible projects, such as a corridor of grade separations, be eligible to receive funding from this program. 
There is ample legislative precedent 
for ‘‘programs of projects’’ to be eligi-ble for funding, most notably, in the TIFIA loan program, the National Highway Performance Program, and Highway Safety and Improvement Pro-gram. 
This amendment recognizes that ad-
dressing nationally significant trans-portation challenges are not always best addressed through one major project but, instead, a comprehensive package of related projects that achieve a meaningful national objec-tive. 
An example of this type of project is 
the Alameda Corridor-East, which was first recognized 10 years ago by this House in SAFETEA-LU. The Alameda Corridor-East was designated as a Project of National and Regional Sig-nificance, spanning four counties in the Nation’s largest urban area, stretching over 100 miles of rail. 
In my county alone, Riverside Coun-
ty, this Federal funding, in partnership with local self-help tax dollars, has made possible nearly a half billion dol-lars in freight projects that are clean-ing our air, making our constituents safer, and making the national econ-omy more efficient. However, of these 16 projects on the same corridor, the highest cost project was $67 million. Yet, together, they have had a tremen-dous impact on the transportation sys-tem. 
My amendment ensures that this mo-
mentum can continue, not just in my district, but in all communities that are impacted by our national freight system. This is an easy technical fix, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. The Nationally Sig-
nificant Freight and Highway Projects program is the core reform, a new pro-
gram in this bill. It is fundamental to this bill’s redirecting us back to our national interests on these freight cor-ridors and these major projects. 
Allowing a group of small projects to 
count toward the $100 million threshold for eligibility would actually destroy the very purpose of the program, to provide funding for large-scale projects, that is, large-scale projects that States cannot fund with their $4 million that they get. 
In our bill, it is very different from 
what the Senate bill does. The Senate bill puts it out in formula. That is not going to solve the problem. This pro-gram will solve some of those problems that States cannot fund with, again, the money that is coming from their formulas. 
Many bridge projects, for example, 
fall under this category, as do large highway expansion projects. The only exception is a 10 percent set-aside for smaller freight projects with an impact on interstate commerce. 
Again, the Nationally Significant 
Freight and Highway Projects program in this bill was carefully crafted and negotiated with our ranking member and the folks on the other side of the aisle, and we believe the program is properly structured. So, again, I would oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. A
GUILAR ). 
Mr. AGUILAR. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Chair, today I rise in support 
of my fellow Inland Empire colleague, Mr. T
AKANO ’s amendment to the sur-
face transportation bill, which would clarify project eligibility under the Na-tionally Significant Freight and High-way Projects program. 
Improving our roads, rails, and 
bridges is crucial for the Inland Em-pire, a region of San Bernardino and Riverside Counties that Congressman T
AKANO and I represent. 
Working families need reliable trans-
portation and infrastructure to get to and from work, to get their children to school, and to have the ability to play a role in our regional, State, and na-tional economies. 
This amendment would allow more 
local projects to meet that $100 million threshold to qualify for the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program that otherwise wouldn’t meet the requirements and would be excluded from Federal fund-ing. 
The Valley Boulevard grade separa-
tion in Colton is just one program in San Bernardino County that would benefit directly from this project, one of many throughout California and the Nation. 
This amendment would help San 
Bernardino and Riverside County resi-dents, as well as millions of working families and public safety officials who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.118 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7605 November 3, 2015 
require the grade separations through-
out our country, who rely on transpor-tation and infrastructure each and every day. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of the amendment. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I will 
just again say I know where the gentle-men are coming from. I have not been there once. I have not been there twice. I have been there several times. 
Southern California has got every 
known problem in the transportation world because of the congestion, your ports. It is an important part of the country, but, again, this Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program was carefully crafted to make sure that there are other places in the country that we can get those projects. 
Cobbling together a couple of smaller 
ones is really going to take away from the focus of this program and the focus of this bill, to try to get us looking back at what our national priorities are, when that has to be moving freight. 
One of those key places is the Port of 
Los Angeles, Long Beach, but there are places around the country, and we think this program is going to be able to address those with large sums of money, not bits and pieces flowing out there. 
So again, at this time, I understand 
where you are coming from. I have been there. I understand the problems in southern California, but I would have to oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I appre-
ciate the sentiment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he has been to our region and understands the impor-tance of making sure that freight through rail is moved expeditiously. 
I do urge my colleagues to support 
this amendment. I wish that the gen-tleman would have a change of heart. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 70, line 24, strike ‘‘10 percent’’ and in-
sert ‘‘20 percent’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
Madam Chair, I would like to begin by thanking the chairmen and ranking members of the full committee and the subcommittee for their work on this bipartisan bill. 
I worked very hard to become a mem-
ber of the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee because I wanted very much to be part of a team that gets things done. 
b1800 
When I first joined the committee, 
many of my constituents back in Ven-tura County questioned whether the 114th Congress could get a surface transportation bill through the House. 
The progress that we have made so 
far on the bill is a testament to the good work that Congress can do when we work together in a bipartisan way, through the committee process, to get things done for the American people. I am also very appreciative of the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order this evening. 
Madam Chair, my amendment would 
fix a small problem with the new freight program and would allow small- and mid-sized communities an oppor-tunity to compete for a slightly larger piece of the pie. 
I agree with many of my colleagues 
that we absolutely must address capac-ity issues along long-haul routes and freight corridors. We must address the costly and time-consuming bottlenecks within congested metropolitan areas. We must also address the first- and last-mile connections to our ports, freight yards, and other job centers in our communities. 
However, Madam Chair, I am con-
cerned that the freight program cre-ated in this bill includes a minimum project threshold of $100 million. Let me repeat: $100 million is the minimum threshold. Many of us represent small- and mid-sized communities. 
In my district of Ventura County, we 
have struggled over the past few years to address freight bottlenecks in our community, including along Rice Ave-nue, where we have seen far too many deadly accidents in recent years. 
But as this bill is currently drafted, 
Ventura County and many other small- and mid-sized communities across the country won’t be able to fully compete for the freight program. We just don’t have the resources back home to com-pete with these large projects. 
But that doesn’t mean that we don’t 
have freight bottlenecks. All that I am seeking is to ensure that small- and mid-sized communities like my county, Ventura County, can better compete. 
Madam Chairman, my simple amend-
ment would increase the small project set-aside from 10 percent to 20 percent of the available resources to allow 
more communities across the country to compete for these limited resources. The small project threshold is $5 mil-lion or more. 
My amendment will still leave 80 per-
cent of the money for larger projects. Increasing the small project set-aside will not guarantee funds for any spe-cific project, but it will give many of our districts at least a fighting chance to compete for one-fifth of the funds under the new freight program. 
Madam Chairman, I urge my col-
leagues to support the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, let me 
say first to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia thank you for your valuable con-tribution in putting this bill together and your hard work in committee. We thank you for that. You played an im-portant role in developing this bill. 
Once again, the Nationally Signifi-
cant Freight and Highways Projects program in the bill was carefully craft-ed. We do have a 10 percent set-aside, as you mentioned, for some of these smaller programs and projects, but the idea is to really have these large projects. Let’s focus on them. 
Once again, in southern California 
and that region, you have numerous projects there that are going to far ex-ceed $100 million. Around the country, whether it is in Texas or in New Jersey or in New York, we have got these projects. We believe that we have craft-ed this to be able to really get those dollars to those projects to be able to move them forward. 
Again, just like the last amendment, 
if you cobble together a couple of smaller ones, then you take away money for smaller projects. Then we are not going to get the impact that we need. 
So, again, I appreciate the gentle-
woman’s passion, and I appreciate her work on the committee. But at this time, I have to oppose the amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
Madam Chair, I will close. I just would like to reiterate that my amendment will simply increase the small project set-aside, which will leave 80 percent of the limited funds in the program for large projects. 
This is allowing the large projects to 
win. A small project may not win at all, but it is just giving us, the small- and mid-sized communities, an oppor-tunity to compete. 
Again, for many, many districts, $100 
million is just an insurmountable sum, but we can and want to compete under the freight program for very important projects. 
Again, I thank the chairman for all 
of his work on this important bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.120 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7606 November 3, 2015 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . COSTELLO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 71, line 2, strike ‘‘(i)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, I rise to ask for a sim-
ple bipartisan amendment along with my fellow Transportation and Infra-structure Committee member, Rep-resentative D
ANLIPINSKI of Illinois. 
This amendment would make a 
minor modification to the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects grant program. This amend-ment would not change any dollar threshold or increase funding to the program, nor would it increase the cost of the overall bill. 
Under the program set forth in the 
bill, large grants, as they are defined, meaning those in excess of $100 million, are eligible for four types of programs: one, freight projects on the National Highway Freight Network; two, high-way or bridge projects on the National Highway System; three, intermodal or freight rail projects on the National Multimodal Freight Network; and, four, railway-highway grade crossings and grade separations. 
However, the bill sets aside 10 per-
cent of program funding for small projects defined as those projects that are less than $100 million. However, the bill only allows one of the previously mentioned four programs, freight projects on the National Highway Freight Network, to be eligible for this reserved small project funding. 
Madam Chair, in my home State of 
Pennsylvania, the structural integrity of our aging bridges and roadways is a major concern of my constituents and a personal priority of mine. I seek to 
add the other three programs to be eli-gible under the small projects defini-tion. 
So I ask: Should a $50 or $95 million 
project to restore a crumbling bridge have less of a shot at program funding than a $100 million project? Or for the 55 short-line railroads in Pennsylvania, including three in my district, if they would otherwise be eligible for pro-gram funding to improve roadway grade separations, why should they not be eligible to compete for those dollars set forth for small projects? 
Madam Chair, this amendment ad-
dresses this discrepancy. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman? 
There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, this is a very meri-
torious amendment offered by the gen-tleman. It provides flexibility for small projects under the Nationally Signifi-cant Freight and Highways Projects program. 
Rather than only highway freight, 
States and localities will be able to apply for funds to carry out a variety of project types, such as highways, bridges, intermodal, freight rail, and grade crossings. 
This is giving more control to local 
governments to do the most cost-effec-tive solutions to their problems that they know best. So I think it has great merit. I support it and recommend our colleagues support it. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Chair, I urge support for this meritorious amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MRS . 
RADEWAGEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 74, after line 15, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 1112A. TERRITORIAL HIGHWAY PROGRAM. 
Section 165(c) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) D
IVISION OF FUNDS BETWEEN TERRI -
TORIES .—In carrying out this subsection, the 
Secretary shall allocate the funds made available to the territories each fiscal year among the territories according to quantifi-able measures that are indicative of the sur-face transportation requirements of each of the territories, which may include the use of population, land area, roadway mileage, or another measure determined appropriate by the Secretary.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from American Samoa. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Madam Chair, 
the amendment that I am offering to-gether with my colleague from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) 
brings rationality and logic to the allo-cation of Territorial Highway Program funds among the four smaller U.S. ter-ritories. At present, these funds are simply allocated as the Department of Transportation sees fit using a formula set back in 1992, I understand. 
That system may have been okay for 
the last 23 years, but now that I am representing the people of American Samoa, I want to be sure that Federal funds are distributed among the terri-tories in a way that has some rational basis. 
I cannot say to my constituents that 
we just have to live with the way things have always been done. I want to say to them that the assistance we get from the Federal Government is based on our real needs. 
Madam Chair, I also believe that my 
constituents deserve to have their elected representative participate in decisions like the distribution of high-way funds. We elected no one at the Department of Transportation where the decision is now made. 
The amendment that I am offering, 
however, does not override the experts at the Department. The amendment 
simply instructs the experts to use the data they have to set up an allocation based on objective, quantifiable meas-ures that apply to all the territories. 
If it turns out that American Samoa 
gets less as a result of that, so be it. Whether it is road distance or traffic volume—whatever it may be—let the Department ground its decision in some transportation reality. That would be a responsible use of Federal dollars. 
Madam Chairman, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I cer-
tainly am sympathetic. I have heard from all of the territories throughout this process, and because of the paucity of funding in this bill, the funding to the territories, no matter what for-mula you use, is inadequate to the growth and the problems that they are experiencing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.123 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7607 November 3, 2015 
I am not opposed to the idea of devel-
oping and updating statistical meas-ures to target the limited funds. My preference would be there would be more funds. 
This funding formula was set in 1992 
by the Federal Highway Administra-tion. They included consideration of population, land area, and road mileage of each of the four covered territories. 
Based on that review, they came up 
with these allocations—obviously, that was 23 years ago—40 percent each to Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands and 10 percent to American Samoa and Northern Mariana Islands. 
Before we unilaterally take steps to 
change the formula that has been in place for two decades, I think we need to hear from the delegates of all four. I have been contacted by the other two territories that would be impacted who are strongly opposed, and I would cer-tainly like to work with the gentle-woman and all of the delegates to see what we could do to have a fair and balanced update of the formula. 
Again, formulas are some of the most 
tricky things around here. You change just one factor and you get dramatic differences at the other end. So we would have to first agree on criteria and proper factors and then direct the FHWA to run those numbers. 
So, Madam Chair, I reluctantly rise 
in opposition and urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Madam Chair-
man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from the Northern Mariana Is-lands (Mr. S
ABLAN ). 
Mr. SABLAN. Madam Chair, let me 
make one thing very clear. The amend-ment that the distinguished lady from American Samoa and I have introduced does not change the formula. 
But I also want to take the time to 
thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO and all the com-
mittee members who worked together successfully to bring this bipartisan bill to the floor. 
b1815 
I want to thank the committee, also, 
for deciding to increase funding for the Territorial Highway Program from $40 million to $42 million per year. 
The territories are some of the poor-
est parts of our country. We face a fi-nancial challenge providing transpor-tation on separate islands and from one island to another island. I think the only territory that doesn’t have to do that is the southernmost territory in the Mariana Islands. 
We are grateful for the assistance we 
receive from our fellow Americans. It is in the spirit of bipartisanship and with a deep respect for the wise use of Federal funds that Congressman R
ADEWAGEN of American Samoa and I 
are offering the amendment at the desk. 
The amendment simply requires the 
Department of Transportation to use some rational basis for allocating the 
Territorial Highway Program funds among the territories. 
Currently, the Department is on 
autopilot. It uses a fixed allocation it devised back in 1992 and has continued to use ever since, without thinking about any changes that have occurred in the last 23 years. 
I believe that Federal dollars should 
not be spent willy-nilly. There should be some connection with the needs on the ground. 
I would like to make clear that this 
amendment does not slice up the pie to take money from one area and give it to another. In fact, thanks to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the pie is actually getting a little larger. 
Our amendment does not even specify 
what objective measures the Depart-ment uses in allocating the territorial funds. It could be road distance, traffic volume, population, land area, or a combination, as long as the decision is based on some concrete reality related to highways. 
We think that linking the dollars to 
the need is simply good stewardship of Federal resources and American tax-payers’ money. We hope that the House agrees to this responsible approach and agrees to this bipartisan amendment. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Madam Chair, I 
want to thank the chairman and the committee for their consideration. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Madam Chair, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 110, strike lines 3 and 4 and insert the 
following: 
‘‘(I) improve the reliance and reliability of 
the transportation system and reduce or mitigate stormwater impacts of surface transportation; and’’. 
Page 113, strike lines 22 and 23 and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(I) improve the reliance and reliability of 
the transportation system and reduce or mitigate stormwater impacts of surface transportation; and’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Maryland. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Madam Chair, the 
amendment at the desk is consistent with the streamlining effort that has already been underway in this bill. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO because 
they have put in yeoman’s work to make this a bipartisan effort. 
Ultimately, my amendment will re-
duce the overall cost of projects and the need for mitigation. If imple-mented, it will save money. 
As we know all too well, highway 
storm water is a growing threat to water quality, aquatic ecosystems, and the fish and wildlife that depend on the health of these ecosystems. Moreover, the high volumes and rapid flow of storm water runoff from highways and roads poses a serious threat to the con-dition of our Nation’s water and trans-portation infrastructure. 
Impervious surfaces create rapidly 
moving high volumes of untreated pol-luted storm water that rush off road surfaces, erode unnatural channels next to and ultimately underneath roadways compromising the integrity of roadway infrastructure, and increase the stress on storm water sewer sys-tems, shortening the life of all of this infrastructure. 
The total coverage of impervious sur-
faces in an area is usually expressed as a percentage of the total land area. Ac-cording to the Chesapeake Bay pro-gram, impervious surfaces compose roughly 17 percent of all urban and sub-urban lands in the Chesapeake Bay wa-tershed. The greatest concentration of impervious surfaces in the bay water-shed is the Baltimore-Washington met-ropolitan areas of D.C., Maryland, and Virginia. In fact, the Virginia Tide-water area, Philadelphia’s western sub-urbs, and Lancaster, Pennsylvania, are also regions in our watershed where impervious surfaces are greater than 10 percent of the total land area. 
While there are serious water quality 
concerns with not adequately control-ling roadway infrastructure runoff, there are also serious infrastructure costs that are ultimately passed on to taxpayers and ratepayers. These can be avoided if transportation authorities do more to control and manage storm water runoff with the infrastructure assets they plan and manage. 
The aim of the amendment, of 
course, is to improve highway design to better manage storm water to avoid the costly damage that poorly man-aged storm water causes, and to move this up in the planning process so that thought goes in at the beginning how best to plan, design, and construct ef-fectively, while also reducing costs. Now, that work is done near the end of the process, where mitigation is often used and costs are much higher. 
My amendment would simply move 
up the consideration of storm water issues in statewide and metropolitan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.127 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7608 November 3, 2015 
planning. Specifically, it would require 
consideration of projects and strategies that will improve the resiliency and re-liability of the transportation system and reduce or mitigate storm water im-pacts on surface transportation. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment to address the problem that is facing America’s waterways and infrastructure, and to do that early in the planning, which is more efficient and less costly. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . CALVERT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 164, line 8, strike ‘‘up to 10’’ and in-
sert ‘‘up to 25’’. 
Page 164, line 10, strike ‘‘up to 10’’ and in-
sert ‘‘up to 25’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, the 
highway bill, crafted by my friends, Chairman B
ILLSHUSTER and Ranking 
Member P ETER DEFAZIO and the rest of 
our colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, con-tains a number of important reforms to our highway programs that will benefit commuters across this country. 
One of those provisions, section 1313, 
establishes a pilot program that would allow States to conduct environmental reviews and make approvals for projects under State environmental laws and regulations instead of Federal laws and regulations. It is expected that this pilot program will save high-way projects time and money, while maintaining the same environmental standards. 
The bill permits the State to des-
ignate 10 local governments to admin-ister local projects under the new pilot program. However, for large States like California, New York, Texas, and Flor-ida, limiting the program to 10 local-ities is simply not enough. My amend-ment would increase the allowable number of localities to 25 in order to 
allow more communities to take ad-vantage of bringing down the cost and shrinking the amount of time required to complete highway projects. 
The amendment is supported by the 
California State Association of Coun-ties, local transit authorities, and CalTrans is not opposed. 
We are well aware that our need for 
highway infrastructure continues to outpace the resources we have avail-able. That is exactly why we need to support efforts like my amendment that can make more highway projects a reality by bringing their costs down and completing them more quickly. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
the amendment which will help our communities, counties, and com-muters. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 325 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. S
WALWELL  
of California. 
Amendment No. 5 by Mr. G OSAR of 
Arizona. 
Amendment No. 14 by Mr. R IBBLE of 
Wisconsin. 
Amendment No. 15 by Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida. 
Amendment No. 29 by Mr. L YNCH of 
Massachusetts. 
Amendment No. 31 by Mr. T AKANO of 
California. 
Amendment No. 32 by Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California. 
Amendment No. 34 by Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN of American Samoa. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL  
OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 237, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 586] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford 
Bass Beatty Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Buck Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster LaMalfa Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOES—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.130 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7609 November 3, 2015 
King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Brady (PA) 
Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee Jolly 
Larson (CT) Meeks Moore Nadler Takai 
Van Hollen Yarmuth Yoder Young (IN) 
b1855 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. KAPTUR, 
Messrs. GRAVES of Georgia, POLIQUIN, WITTMAN, Mlles. M
CCOLLUM and EDWARDS, and Mr. 
WALZ changed their votes from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. ROHRABACHER, Ms. HAHN, 
Messrs. HASTINGS, CARSON of Indi-ana, CONYERS, CAPUANO, DENT, Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN, Messrs. DENHAM, NOLAN, CLEAVER, MEEHAN, and TIPTON changed their votes from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 586, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, on the 
evening of November 3, 2015, I was unavoid-ably detained and missed rollcall vote 586. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M
CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, we 
are in the middle of a healthy and bi-partisan debate on the highway bill. This is an important process, and I am encouraged by the enthusiasm of all Members’ participation. 
I am encouraged, all right. While we rarely schedule votes later 
than 7 p.m., Members are advised that due to the number of amendments ex-pected to be considered, it is likely we will need to vote late tomorrow 
evening. Members should be prepared for both late and multiple votes series tomorrow night. 
Members are further advised to ex-
pect a full day on Thursday as we will not leave until the House completes its work for the week. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
As a former majority leader, I want 
to tell my friend that the enthusiasm of the Members for late nights has a very short fuse, but I appreciate his ef-forts. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Well, I do thank the 
gentleman from Maryland. We are into the process of regular order and giving feedback for everybody having an amendment. 
Tonight’s work has gone very fast, 
faster than we expected. I did not want to keep people too late, but I do expect tomorrow night will very likely be a late night and a multiple series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia). Without objection, 2-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 196, noes 225, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 587] 
AYES—196 
Aderholt 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—225 
Abraham 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.053 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7610 November 3, 2015 
Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott 
Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—12 
Brady (PA) 
Ellmers (NC) Fattah Franks (AZ) Gohmert 
Jackson Lee Larson (CT) Meeks Takai 
Webster (FL) Yarmuth Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1901 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 236, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 588] 
AYES—187 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Benishek Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Katko Kind King (IA) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) 
Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—236 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney Meadows Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush 
Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Brady (PA) Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee 
Larson (CT) Meeks Takai Yarmuth 
Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1905 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana changed his 
vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . BROWN OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 216, noes 207, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 589] 
AYES—216 
Adams 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.055 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7611 November 3, 2015 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Zinke 
NOES—207 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeFazio Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood 
LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam 
Rothfus Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Brady (PA) 
Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee 
Larson (CT) Meeks Takai Yarmuth 
Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1909 
Mr. CONYERS changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 160, noes 263, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 590] 
AYES—160 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costello (PA) Crowley 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOES—263 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.059 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7612 November 3, 2015 
Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Brady (PA) 
Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee 
Larson (CT) Meeks Takai Yarmuth 
Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1913 
Mr. CONYERS changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 248, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 591] 
AYES—174 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hunter Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
Loebsack Lofgren Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zinke 
NOES—248 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—11 
Amodei Brady (PA) Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert 
Jackson Lee Larson (CT) Meeks Takai 
Yarmuth Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1916 
Mr. ROYCE changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 160, noes 263, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 592] 
AYES—160 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cuellar 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa 
Honda Hoyer Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McGovern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.054 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7613 November 3, 2015 
McNerney 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Neal 
Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zinke 
NOES—263 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Brady (PA) 
Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee 
Larson (CT) Meeks Takai Yarmuth 
Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1921 
Messrs. ELLISON and JOHNSON of 
Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MRS . 
RADEWAGEN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 113, noes 310, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 593] 
AYES—113 
Aderholt 
Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Bost Brat Buck Bucshon Burgess Ca´rdenas 
Carney Chabot Chu, Judy Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conyers Cook Costello (PA) Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Dent Dingell Duncan (TN) 
Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farr Foxx Franks (AZ) Gabbard Gibson Goodlatte Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hardy Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Honda Huffman Hultgren Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson (GA) Katko Kind Kline Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lynch Maloney, Sean McCarthy McHenry Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Paulsen Pearce Peters Pingree Pitts Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell 
Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Serrano Sessions 
Sinema Smith (MO) Speier 
Stivers Takano Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Webster (FL) Westmoreland 
Wilson (SC) Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke 
NOES—310 
Abraham 
Adams Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Hahn Hanna Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Labrador LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Massie 
Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.063 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7614 November 3, 2015 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres 
Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Brady (PA) Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee 
Larson (CT) Meeks Takai Yarmuth 
Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1925 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MRS . HARTZLER  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S TEWART ). It 
is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Re-port 114–325. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 226, strike line 13 and all that follows 
through ‘‘H ONEY BEES.—’’ on line 13 of page 
227. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. ll. LANDSCAPING AND SCENIC ENHANCE-
MENT FUNDING DISCONTINUED. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 319 of title 23, United 
States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 1 of such title, are repealed. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 319 of title 
23, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall apply to landscape and roadside devel-opment as part of a construction project of Federal-aid highways if funds were obligated for the project before such date of enact-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Missouri. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT OFFERED BY  
MRS. HARTZLER  
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I ask 
unanimous consent that my amend-ment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the modification. 
The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment offered 
by Mrs. H
ARTZLER : 
Page 226, strike lines 13 through 21 and in-
sert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) U SE OF FUNDS UNDER CHAPTER 1 PRO -
GRAMS .—Section 319 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 319. Encouragement of pollinator habitat 
and forage development and protection on transportation rights-of-way 
‘‘In carrying out any 
Page 227, after line 10, insert the following: 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 319 of title 23, 
United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall apply to landscape and roadside devel-opment as part of a construction project of Federal-aid highways if funds were obligated for the project before such date of enact-ment. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 319 and inserting the following: 
‘‘319. Encouragement of pollinator habitat 
and forage development and protection on transportation rights-of-way.’’. 
Mrs. HARTZLER (during the read-
ing). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading of the modification. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the amendment is modified. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-
nizes the gentlewoman from Missouri. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, my 
amendment gets our priorities right in our highway funding by prohibiting Federal funds from being used for land-scaping and scenic beautification on highway projects. 
b1930 
We should spend our Federal highway 
dollars to improve our roads and bridges, not plant flowers. 
From 1992 to 2013, over $1.3 billion 
was spent on landscaping and scenic beautification. With data showing over 61,000 bridges classified as structurally deficient and 65 percent of the roads in the United States in less-than-good condition, this is outrageous. 
I appreciate roadside landscaping, 
but given today’s limited highway dol-lars, these initiatives are best left to volunteer organizations such as the popular Adopt-a-Highway program. 
We must ensure that Federal funds 
are applied where they are needed most, and that is upgrading and im-proving our National infrastructure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I appreciate 
the gentlewoman’s concern about the condition of our bridges, and I have spent, as I spoke earlier tonight, a lot of time on that issue and, in fact, op-posed the so-called stimulus bill be-cause of the lack of investment in in-frastructure, particularly bridges. 
But in this case, I think perhaps 
there are some drafting errors in the amendment because it would preclude using these funds for rest areas, which I think is problematic. We have a crisis in terms of safe 
places for people to pull over, both commercial truck drivers and individ-uals. So I assume that the gentle-woman did not mean to preclude the use for rest areas. 
Also, I don’t know Missouri well, but 
I know in the West, actually, we have used these landscaping funds when we do new construction or significant con-struction to reduce maintenance costs because we have high wildfire danger in the West and, if you can plant, basi-cally, natives that will dominate, that are not tall, are not fire-prone, then you don’t have to go in and mow two or three times a year in case some idiot throws their cigarette or cigar out of the car and starts a catastrophic forest fire. 
So, actually, leaving the discretion 
to the States to use these funds in that way, depending upon their conditions, I think is important. 
There have been a couple of instances 
in past bills where they went overboard with this kind of stuff. I think the cur-rent restrictions on the program are such—and there is no mandate for the projects like resurfacing or anything else that is new construction. And doing it, as appropriate, to state ‘‘and including rest areas.’’ 
I think, because of all those things, I 
reluctantly oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I appre-
ciate the gentleman’s concerns. I, too, share his concern. I want to make sure that rest areas are still allowed. 
In fact, there is another provision in 
the code that does still allow and per-mit rest areas, for States to be able to build them. This amendment does not address that section. So there still would be that option. 
My amendment simply wants to 
make sure our highway tax dollars go where they are needed. This picture points out where they are needed and that 65 percent of our road system in 
our country now is in failing or is in bad condition. 
In fact, there are many, many deaths 
caused every year due to the crumbling of our highways. We also have 61,000 bridges that are considered struc-turally deficient. 
So this makes sure that our dollars 
that the people spend every time they go fill up their car with gas—that those highway road dollars will go to roads and they are not going to go to high-way beautification. 
I ask for the support of my col-
leagues. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Unfortunately, the Department of 
Transportation disagrees. We sent this language to them, and they said, yes, it appears, by repealing 23 USC 319, the amendment would remove the Sec-retary’s authority to approve, as part of the construction of Federal aid high-ways, the costs of landscape and road-side development, including acquisi-tion and development of publicly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.061 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7615 November 3, 2015 
owned and controlled rest and recre-
ation areas and sanitary and other fa-cilities reasonably necessary to accom-modate the traveling public. 
So I am pleased that it was not her 
intention. But, according to DOT, this amendment would do that, and that would be very deleterious to the trav-eling public. So I would oppose the amendment, as drafted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), as modified. 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . 
FARENTHOLD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 229, line 23, strike the closing 
quotation marks and final period. 
Page 229, after line 23, insert the following: ‘‘(n) O
PERATION OF VEHICLES ON CERTAIN  
TEXAS HIGHWAYS .—If any segment in Texas 
of United States Route 59, United States Route 77, United States Route 281, United States Route 84, Texas State Highway 44, or another roadway is designated as Interstate Route 69, a vehicle that could operate legally on that segment before the date of such des-ignation may continue to operate on that segment, without regard to any requirement under this section.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 90 seconds. 
This bipartisan amendment would 
allow trucks with current weight ex-emptions to be allowed to continue to operate at those higher weight exemp-tions after certain segments of high-ways in Texas are reclassified and re-designate as Interstate 69. 
This language will not increase truck 
weights, nor will it allow for weight ex-emptions for new trucks. This is a nar-row amendment that does not include new trucks. It only allows those that are currently operating to continue to operate. 
In the last omnibus, the State of 
Kentucky was able to include this exact language for their State whose industries were facing this exact prob-lem. This amendment models Ken-tucky’s language, except that it in-cludes Texas highways. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. I support the amend-
ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, every one 
of us on the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee hears a lot about trucks, bigger trucks and heavier trucks. I think by now it is safe to say that all 435 of us have heard a lot about trucks. It is a tough issue with strong feelings on both sides. 
But this amendment isn’t talking 
about bigger trucks or heavier trucks, as my colleague, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , 
said. All we are talking about here is allowing the State of Texas, through a rigorous licensing and approval proc-ess, to keep the same weight limits that are in place right now for certain trucks on certain stretches of our road, not bigger, not heavier, but the same. 
Unless we get this amendment adopt-
ed, the new blue signs for Interstate 69 in East Texas won’t just mean a new interstate. It could mean financial ruin for our loggers who already have a very thin profit margin and a very tough time for our timber industry. 
It will mean a dramatic decrease in 
the amount of weight that all the loggers can haul on their trucks, which they have been doing safely and effec-tively on these roads for generations, even back when these same Texas counties were represented by our color-ful Texas Democrat Congressman, Tim-ber Charlie Wilson. 
I am asking all of my colleagues, no 
matter where you stand on bigger trucks, to join me, Congressman F
ARENTHOLD , and Congressman G ENE 
GREEN in supporting this bipartisan 
amendment to allow the State of Texas to be treated in the exact same way that this same body treated the States of Kentucky and Mississippi just last year and help save these jobs. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to add it is not just the for-estry industry as well. Various farm and ranch, cotton industries, in certain areas, especially in south Texas, as U.S. Highways 77 and 281 are becoming Interstate 69, is making it very dif-ficult for the very concrete trucks nec-essary to make improvements to those roads to travel on that road. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this amendment. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for his work on this bill and 
his not opposing this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . ROONEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title I of division A, insert 
the following: 
SEC. ll. VEHICLE WEIGHT LIMITATIONS FOR 
INTERSTATE SYSTEM HIGHWAYS. 
Section 127(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(15) H
AULING OF LIVESTOCK .—A State may 
allow, by special permit, the operation of ve-hicles with a gross vehicle weight of up to 95,000 pounds for the hauling of livestock. The cost of a special permit issued under this paragraph may not exceed $200 per year for a livestock trailer.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OONEY ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support my amendment to H.R. 22, which would allow for States to give ranchers the flexibility they need in transporting livestock by truck. 
Today Florida is home to more than 
1.7 million head of cattle. Of that, there are nearly 1 million head of beef cattle cared for by the 15,000 beef pro-ducers across the State. 
Nationally, Florida comes in ninth 
place in overall cattle numbers. In fact, the top three ranking counties for cattle in my State are in my backyard, Okeechobee, Highlands, and Osceola Counties. 
Florida is what is referred to in the 
cattle industry as a cow-calf operation State. This means cows are bred and calved in Florida, but the calves are then shipped out West for development and processing. Because of this, our cattle ranchers and beef producers rely on the shipping of cattle through the State and across the country in order to succeed. 
Unlike most goods shipped by truck 
or rail, livestock needs special atten-tion. That is why shipments are care-fully organized to consider the needs and welfare of the animals being shipped. The livestock industry’s goal is to move the cattle between locations safely and as fast as possible to mini-mize the stress on the animals. 
Unfortunately, this is where Wash-
ington regulations get in the way. The current gross weight limit restriction for all trucks on Federal highways is 80,000 pounds, which limits how many cows can be hauled in one load. This re-striction results in a partially empty livestock trailer, increasing the needs for more shipments, and ends up put-ting more trucks on the road. 
The patchwork of State and national 
truck weight laws creates inefficien-cies and forces livestock transporters to take indirect and longer routes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.152 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7616 November 3, 2015 
For cow-calf operations that rely on 
shipping their hauls nationwide, these constraints reduce the efficiency of their operation and reduce the slim profits for our hardworking ranchers. 
My amendment allows States to 
issue special permits for the transpor-tation of livestock on trailers for up to 95,000 pounds. Focusing only on live-stock shipping and allowing States to opt in to this program, my amendment would greatly benefit not only ranch-ers, but all American producers and consumers. 
This amendment means fewer trucks 
on the road and lower costs for trans-porting livestock. I encourage my col-leagues to support my amendment and take overly restrictive government red tape out of the equation of beef produc-tion. 
My amendment is supported by the 
National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the oldest and largest national trade association supporting America’s cat-tle producers. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment and make Washington work for America’s cattle ranchers in-stead of the other way around. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Earlier this evening, an amendment 
was defeated to go to 90,000 pounds. This would go to 95,000. At least the amendment on 90,000 had an additional axle, which made it compliant with the Federal bridge formula that is not causing undue damage every time a truck went over a bridge. This amend-ment does not require an additional axle and goes even 5,000 pounds higher. 
b1945 
So it would violate the Federal 
Bridge Formula, and Federal Highway says that it has estimated that a truck at this weight with the number of axles they have is currently paying about 43 percent of the cost of the damage they cause to the system, and that is an un-derpayment of about $6,000 a year. The bill does allow them to be charged an-other $200 a year, but that is a pretty big deficit with an already substan-tially deteriorated system. 
Raising truck weights is always a 
very controversial and difficult propo-sition because we have to look out for the taxpayers in terms of undue wear and tear to an already fragile and dete-riorated system. 140,000 bridges, as we mentioned numerous times already, need repair or replacement, and, unfor-tunately, I believe this would accel-erate that problem. So I appreciate the gentleman’s advocacy for a significant industry in his district, but I would have to oppose that increase. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I would just say in response that, yes, the amendment increases the cap 
of weight on these trucks; but if we look at it from the standpoint of each individual State, including my own, we have to think about things like trucks hiding on local roads, and some of those bridges you were talking about that are most vulnerable are on those local roads. We also allow for States to be able to charge a small yearly fee to livestock haulers so that they can more efficiently transport their loads. 
So when we talk about actually re-
ducing the number of trucks on the roads, getting them from outside of the shadows of these small, local county and municipal roads so that they are avoiding the interstates, plus the fee that we will be able to charge, I think that the overall result will be actual safer roadways. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, my State is unique. 
We actually have a weight mile for-mula we charge to the trucking indus-try. Federally, when I first served here, the industry tried to preempt it a num-ber of times and never did. It is now widely recognized as one of the fairer systems in the States because it appor-tions according to scientifically based research, much of it done at Oregon State University in the labs there, the impacts of individual vehicles. 
In this case, DOT says that these ve-
hicles would cause an additional $6,000- per-vehicle per-year damage on the Federal system, and they would be charged $200. I don’t think that is a fair return to the taxpayer, and I urge Members to oppose the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. R
OONEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 40 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. lll . EMERGENCY EXEMPTIONS. 
Any road, highway, railway, bridge, or 
transit facility that is damaged by an emer-gency that is declared by the Governor of the State and concurred in by the Secretary of 
Homeland Security or declared as an emer-gency by the President pursuant to the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) 
and that is in operation or under construc-tion on the date on which the emergency oc-curs— 
(1) may be reconstructed in the same loca-
tion with the same capacity, dimensions, and design as before the emergency; and 
(2) shall be exempt from any environ-
mental reviews, approvals, licensing, and permit requirements under— 
(A) the National Environmental Policy Act 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
(B) sections 402 and 404 of the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342, 1344); 
(C) division A of subtitle III of title 54, 
United States Code; 
(D) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 
U.S.C. 703 et seq.); 
(E) the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 
U.S.C. 1271 et seq.); 
(F) the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act 
(16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.); 
(G) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 
U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), except when the recon-struction occurs in designated critical habi-tat for threatened and endangered species; 
(H) Executive Order 11990 (42 U.S.C. 4321 
note; relating to the protection of wetland); and 
(I) any Federal law (including regulations) 
requiring no net loss of wetland. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to discuss 
the need to help communities impacted by a national disaster get back on their feet without facing unnecessary regu-latory obstacles. Families, businesses, and all members of the community may face significant challenges when the roads, bridges, transit, and other infrastructure they use on a daily basis are not acceptable and not repaired in a timely manner. 
We can all agree that we should do 
what we can to protect the environ-ment from harm. However, we should carefully consider regulations cur-rently in place that delay transpor-tation infrastructure projects and re-move or reform regulations that are in-efficient, redundant, or harmful. 
I would include the redundant and 
time-consuming environmental reviews required for rebuilding disaster-dam-aged infrastructure in this category. Those who might argue there is al-ready enough flexibility in current law, in communities to efficiently restore their critical infrastructure after a natural disaster or during a state of emergency should consider the fol-lowing information from the Federal Highway Administration: 
FHA estimates that it takes an aver-
age of 58 months—that is almost 5 years—for transportation projects to complete the NEPA process, and, since 2010, Federal permitting holdups have delayed at least nine transportation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.156 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7617 November 3, 2015 
projects in my State of Pennsylvania 
by more than a year. 
At the very least, we should consider 
removing reconstruction projects for critical disaster-damaged infrastruc-ture from this drawn-out process. No community trying to rebuild and re-store its critical infrastructure after a natural disaster should have to endure such a long delay simply to rebuild in-frastructure that has already been built before. 
My amendment, which was inspired 
by legislation introduced by Senator T
OOMEY in the last Congress and Demo-
cratic Senator Ben Nelson before him, is intended to speed up reconstruction efforts. My proposal would exempt projects to rebuild any road, highway, railway, bridge, or transit facility that is damaged in a declared emergency from additional environmental permit-ting. 
Mr. Chairman, it is important to 
note that my amendment may only apply to projects where the same struc-ture its being rebuilt. In other words, damaged infrastructure would need to be reconstructed in the same location and with the same capacity, dimen-sions, and design as before the emer-gency. 
It should be common sense that addi-
tional environmental reviews of this sort aren’t a good use of taxpayer money and aren’t helpful to disaster victims. Some commonsense stream-lining is appropriate in these chal-lenging cases. Because of this, this pro-posal has been supported by a number of groups, including CamTran, the transit agency for Cambria County, Pennsylvania; the National Associa-tion of Counties; the Pennsylvania As-sociation of Township Supervisors; the Pennsylvania State Association of Bor-oughs; the County Commissioners As-sociation of Pennsylvania; Southeast Pennsylvania Transit Authority; and National Stone, Sand & Gravel; as well as Americans for Prosperity. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge all my col-
leagues to advance this commonsense reform and help communities recover after natural disasters by voting ‘‘yea’’ on my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Actually, Mr. Chairman, most of the 
statutes that the gentleman is talking about already specifically have waivers and exceptions for natural disasters for emergency reconstruction under the Clean Water Act, under the Endangered Species Act, under NEPA just enacted 3 years ago in MAP–21, so this seems perhaps to be broader. I don’t fully un-derstand the implications. But if you look at the Minnesota bridge collapse, you look at the reconstruction of Vermont after the catastrophic hurri-cane flooding a few years ago, if you 
look at work in Louisiana, all these waivers were put into effect, and the projects were not unnecessarily de-layed. 
This seems to be a broader and more 
general grant, and I don’t fully under-stand the implications and feel it could potentially usurp necessary review, so I would oppose the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, this is 
a simple remedy to follow after a nat-ural disaster. Again, I look at my State of Pennsylvania with its many valleys and riverbeds, and I look at the people supporting or who have supported this type of proposal before: again, the Na-tional Association of Counties, Penn-sylvania Association of Township Su-pervisors, and Southeast Pennsylvania Transit Authority. 
We need to make sure that our com-
munities have a robust capacity and ability to respond in the event of a dis-aster, and that is what the point of this amendment is. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 41 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. lll . ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR 
CERTAIN TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 106 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) M
EGAPROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) M EGAPROJECT DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘megaproject’ means a project that has an estimated total cost of $2,500,000,000 or more, and such other projects as may be identified by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE RISK MANAGEMENT  
PLAN .—A recipient of Federal financial as-
sistance under this title for a megaproject shall, in order to be authorized for construc-tion, submit to the Secretary a comprehen-sive risk management plan that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the process by which 
the recipient will identify, quantify, and monitor the risks that might result in cost overruns, project delays, reduced construc-tion quality, or reductions in benefits with respect to the megaproject; ‘‘(B) examples of mechanisms the recipient 
will use to track risks identified pursuant to subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) a plan to control such risks; and ‘‘(D) such assurances as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate that the recipient will, with respect to the megaproject— 
‘‘(i) regularly submit to the Secretary up-
dated cost estimates; and 
‘‘(ii) maintain and regularly reassess finan-
cial reserves for addressing known and un-known risks. 
‘‘(3) P
EER REVIEW GROUP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A recipient of Federal 
financial assistance under this title for a megaproject shall, not later than 90 days after the date when such megaproject is au-thorized for construction, establish a peer re-view group for such megaproject that con-sists of at least 5 individuals (including at least 1 individual with project management experience) to give expert advice on the sci-entific, technical, and project management aspects of the megaproject. 
‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish guide-lines describing how a recipient described in subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) recruit and select members for a peer 
review group established under such subpara-graph; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that no member of the peer 
group has a conflict of interest relating to the project; and 
‘‘(iii) make publicly available the criteria 
for such selection and the identity of mem-bers so selected. 
‘‘(C) T
ASKS .—A peer review group estab-
lished under subparagraph (A) by a recipient of Federal financial assistance for a megaproject shall— 
‘‘(i) meet annually until completion of the 
megaproject; 
‘‘(ii) not later than 90 days after the date of 
the establishment of the peer review group and not later than 90 days after the date of any significant change, as determined by the Secretary, to the scope, schedule, or budget of the megaproject, review the scope, sched-ule, and budget of the megaproject, including planning, engineering, financing, and any other elements determined appropriate by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(iii) submit a report on the findings of 
each review under clause (ii) to the Sec-retary, Congress, and the recipient. 
‘‘(4) T
RANSPARENCY .—A recipient of Fed-
eral financial assistance under this title for a megaproject shall publish on the Internet Web site of such recipient— 
‘‘(A) the name, license number, and license 
type of each engineer supervising an aspect of the megaproject; and 
‘‘(B) the report submitted under paragraph 
(3)(C)(iii), not later than 90 days after such submission.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) applies with respect to projects that are authorized for construction on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, 
this bipartisan amendment establishes an independent peer review group to assess the quality assurance, cost con-tainment, and risk management and, in addition, creates a stricter cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.159 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7618 November 3, 2015 
management plan for Federal transpor-
tation projects that cost over $2.5 bil-lion. So it is only Federal projects over $2.5 billion. It doesn’t apply to any-thing below $2.5 billion. 
As we all know, large infrastructure 
projects are vital to our country’s de-velopment and its economic growth. Unfortunately, 9 out of every 10 megaprojects experience cost overruns and suffer significant delays. This is according to an extensive research project out of Cambridge University in England. Current law already requires financial reporting for projects costing more than $500 million, but no addi-tional oversight, such as what we have in this bill, exists for the largest and most complex megaprojects. 
Projects like the San Francisco-Oak-
land Bay Bridge, the I–265 bridge be-tween Kentucky and Indiana, the Big Dig in Boston, the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York, and Denver International Airport—all of these projects would have benefited greatly from a com-prehensive risk management plan and an independent peer review group, ac-cording to the experts. 
Mr. Chairman, the public deserves a 
system that manages costs, foresees risks, and holds decisionmakers ac-countable. In my prior life as a member of the California State Legislature and the State senate, we had a bipartisan investigation and public hearings as to what went wrong and what lessons could be learned from our overruns on the Oakland-San Francisco Bay Bridge replacement that was replaced, a project that was $5 billion overbudget and 10 years late. 
The project started, unfortunately, 
in 1989 because of the Loma Prieta earthquake. The idea in this bipartisan review was just to learn what we could from our experience and not to cast any judgments. Amongst the most sig-nificant things we were told were the implementation of a rigorous, with the least conflict of interest possible, peer review group and a more rigorous cost assessment and cost review process. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment es-
tablishes that independent peer review group consisting of at least five indi-viduals, without conflicts of interest, tasked with giving expert advice on scientific, technical, and management aspects of the megaproject. The amendment saves taxpayer dollars and reduces project timelines by requiring a comprehensive risk management plan that includes a description of identified risks associated with the project, proposed mechanisms to man-age such risks, and updated cost esti-mates, among others. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
commonsense bipartisan amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to join my colleague from Cali-
fornia to support this effort to rein in cost overruns on large, complex projects that end up costing taxpayers far more than original estimates. Too often, extremely large projects 
suffer from extreme cost overruns that not only fail to provide good value to taxpayers, but damage other infra-structure by absorbing funds that could support other transportation projects. 
In California, for example, the 
State’s high-speed rail proposal is esti-mated to cost over twice what voters were promised, and no honest observer actually believes that estimate is even high enough at twice. The project’s growing costs threaten funding for every other aspect of California’s transportation system, including key infrastructure that people are demand-ing like roads and highways, or in this time of record drought in California, with unlimited funds, maybe even for water storage projects in that area. 
Mr. Chairman, if this amendment 
were in place today, Congress would have the benefit of an independent peer review analysis when determining whether to provide funding, and the project would have prepared a detailed risk management plan to control costs—very similar to when I was a State senator in California, S. 22, to do this very same thing similarly on high- speed rail at the time. 
b2000 
Policymakers need accurate and par-
tial information to make decisions, and this amendment will ensure that information is available. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge support for this 
amendment. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment, I believe, is unnecessary. Special requirements and protections are already in place for any project costing more than $500 million, a much lower threshold than proposed by the gentleman’s amendment. 
Each project must have a project 
management plan that documents pro-cedures to manage the scope, costs, schedules, and Federal requirements applicable to the project. The plan must also document the role of the agency’s leadership and the project management team in delivering the project. 
Each major project must have in 
place an annual financial plan that provides detailed estimates of the cost to complete the project, including fu-ture increases in the cost of the project. 
Again, it is already in the bill. It is 
at a much lower threshold than the gentleman’s amendment. 
I urge all Members to oppose the 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C HAFFETZ ). 
The gentleman from California has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank the chairman. I also want to thank him for his coaching and helping me through a prospective working mistake. 
With all due respect—and, of course, 
the chairman is much more knowledge-able than I am—it is the intention at least of the author that this would be in addition to. 
I would respectfully ask for an ‘‘aye’’ 
vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 42 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise as 
the designee of the gentleman from Maryland. I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Divi-
sion A, add the following: 
SEC. lll . REGULATION OF MOTOR CARRIERS 
OF PROPERTY. 
Section 14501(c)(2)(C) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the price of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘transportation is’’ and inserting ‘‘the regu-lation of tow truck operations’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to begin by thanking Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIOfor their hard work on the under-
lying bill and for considering Congress-man V
ANHOLLEN ’s and my amend-
ment. 
Our amendment is simple. It would 
merely restore the ability of State and local governments to regulate the tow truck industry. 
Through a provision slipped into the 
Federal Aviation Administration Act of 1994 that defined the tow truck in-dustry as an interstate carrier, State and local regulation of tow truck oper-ations has been preempted. 
But the very next year, passage of 
the Interstate Commerce Termination Act struck down the Federal regu-latory body that was overseeing the towing industry. So it essentially left it without any oversight despite widely reported consumer abuses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.161 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7619 November 3, 2015 
In the years since, a number of con-
flicting court rulings have been made on cases between tow operators and lo-calities. Some decisions have upheld some aspects of local regulations and others have stayed silent. 
With no Federal regulator and a con-
fusing patchwork of Federal preemp-tion and judicial rulings, no level of government has been able to ade-quately regulate the towing industry. 
This lack of regulatory authority has 
led to more than two decades of major misconduct by some unscrupulous tow-ing companies, and these bad operators continue to taint an otherwise much- needed and respectable profession. 
State and localities are the logical 
towing regulators. They have an estab-lished body of law in place to do so. 
Mr. Chairman, in my family auto-
mobile business, we have long run our own tow trucks. We have contracted with independent tow truck companies for decades. Most of them are hard-working, honest, small businesses. They work long days and nights, week-ends, in all kinds of weather, but they are given a bad name by the few, but real, irresponsible operators in the in-dustry. 
I would just like to note our amend-
ment is supported by the largest trade association representing small business trucking professionals and professional truck drivers, the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association. 
In their letter of support, they talk 
about nonconsensual tows and say: 
These are situations where there is 
no opportunity for motorists to nego-tiate services or compare prices among multiple towing operators. So it is crit-ical that States have the ability to enact important consumer protections. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment and end unnecessary and impractical Federal overreach. Return this important authority to the States and help end our constituents’ frustra-tions with abusive towing practices. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I be-
lieve the gentleman’s amendment is a sound amendment. I support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chair. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 43 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 229, after line 7, insert the following: 
‘‘(m) O PERATION OF CERTAIN SPECIALIZED  
HAULING VEHICLES ON THE INTERSTATE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State may not pro-
hibit the operation of an automobile trans-porter with a gross weight of 84,000 pounds or less on— 
‘‘(A) any segment of the Interstate System 
(except a segment exempted under section 31111(f) of title 49); or 
‘‘(B) those classes of qualifying Federal-aid 
primary highways designated by the Sec-retary under section 31111(e) of title 49. 
‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE ACCESS .—A state may not 
enact or enforce a law denying reasonable access to automobile transporters, to and from highways described in paragraph (1), to loading or unloading points or facilities for food, fuel, repair, or rest. 
‘‘(3) A
XLE WEIGHT TOLERANCE .—A State 
shall allow an automobile transporter a tol-erance of no more than 5 percent on axle weight limitations set forth in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) A
UTOMOBILE TRANSPORTER DEFINED .— 
In this subsection, the term ‘automobile transporter’ has the meaning given that term in section 31111(a) of title 49.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, my col-
leagues, I know the chairman and the ranking member have done yeoman’s work in bringing this bill forward, and the staff have also done great work. 
This is a special achievement. I have 
been there and tried to do this, done it, and it is very difficult. Sometimes you try not to interfere in the process, but from time to time an issue comes up that you try to negotiate and make sense out of. 
My amendment is pretty simple. In 
the committee bill, the bill before us, the committee has already allowed for a very limited number of automobile transporter vehicles to increase their length from 75 to 80 feet, some 5 feet, which will accommodate approxi-mately one more vehicle. 
However, there is no consideration 
for the way to correspondingly provide for, again, the increase in the length. I have tried to negotiate between the in-dustry. I do not support 91,000 pounds. I do not support 88,000 pounds. I do not support 86,000 pounds. 
What I said is: What would it take to 
transport one more vehicle? There are 12,000 of these vehicles across the coun-try. About what weight would it take to add one more vehicle to the length that is already in this bill? And it is about 4,000 pounds. 
This amendment is simple. It says we 
would allow in this limited instance to go to 4,000 pounds because the com-mittee draft and bill before us has, again, a provision to increase and allow, again, the additional 5-foot length. 
Forty percent of these carriers travel 
empty. We could actually force more vehicles on the road by not allowing 
this amendment. Actually, giving them the length, but not the capacity to carry, doesn’t make sense. So that is my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this particular amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA). 
This amendment would raise the al-
lowable gross vehicle weight of auto-mobile transporters to 84,000 pounds, as was stated. It would also allow higher allowable axle weight, up to 5 percent above levels set in current law. 
We have agreed in the base bill to 
provide an exemption for the extra length to allow additional vehicles to be added to an automobile transporter. 
Amendments to raise truck weights 
are very controversial and have the po-tential to weaken support for an other-wise carefully negotiated bill. 
I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I am very 
disappointed that the other side of the aisle would not consider this a well- thought-out, reasonable amendment. 
The underlying bill does allow, again, 
5 additional feet. It would accommo-date another vehicle, but no accommo-dation for weight. That just does not make sense. We are talking about a very limited number of transporting vehicles. 
So even having offered on many occa-
sions folks on the other side to present reasonable amendments and given that opportunity and not being allowed that tonight, Mr. Chairman, I ask unani-mous consent to withdraw my amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 44 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 268, after line 17, insert the following: 
‘‘(E) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall make publically available a report on the Frontline Workforce Development Pro-gram for each fiscal year, not later than De-cember 31 of the year in which that fiscal year ends. The report shall include a detailed description of activities carried out under this paragraph, an evaluation of the pro-gram, and policy recommendations to im-prove program effectiveness. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.164 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7620 November 3, 2015 
Member opposed each will control 5 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Washington. 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Chairman S HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO as well 
as subcommittee Chairman G RAVES  
and Ranking Member H OLMES NORTON  
for their work on this important bill. I would also like to thank Congress-woman F
OXX for cosponsoring this 
amendment. 
This amendment is bipartisan, 
straightforward, and will ensure the Federal Government is getting the best return on our investment while helping the greatest number of people. 
The underlying bill provides grants 
through an innovative frontline work-force development program to train and recruit underrepresented popu-lations for career pathways in transit maintenance and operations. 
By establishing apprenticeships and 
forging local and regional training partnerships, these grants will provide targeted, hands-on training for workers across the country. This is critical for identifying potential workforce short-ages in the future and filling those gaps with skilled workers. 
Workforce development programs are 
often referred to as ladders of oppor-tunity. Helping people find good-pay-ing, long-term employment is the best way to ensure everyone has access to economic opportunities. 
The program included in today’s bill 
is a great example of this. It will help low-income Americans become self-suf-ficient by giving them specialized training to secure a career in the tran-sit field and increase their earning po-tential, and it will identify the best ways to help the most people succeed. 
My amendment would simply require 
a report on the frontline workforce de-velopment program for each fiscal year. The report would include an eval-uation of the overall program and would include policy recommendations to improve the program’s effectiveness. 
The amendment would not affect di-
rect spending or revenue and is budget- neutral, according to the Congressional Budget Office. 
I firmly believe that this amendment 
improves the underlying bill, which will inject a sorely needed boost to our Nation’s infrastructure and economy. I urge my colleagues to support this bi-partisan amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the gentlewoman’s work on the amendment, and I support her amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for his support of the amendment and encourage others 
to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MRS . 
NAPOLITANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 45 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 184, line 22, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 185, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 185, after line 15, insert the following: 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) W
AIVER .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Upon the request of a 
public authority, the Secretary may waive the requirements of subparagraph (E) for a facility, and the corresponding program sanctions under subparagraph (F), if the Sec-retary determines that— 
‘‘(I) the waiver is in the best interest of the 
traveling public; and 
‘‘(II) the public authority has made a good 
faith effort to improve the performance of the facility. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONDITION .—The Secretary may re-
quire, as a condition of issuance of a waiver under this subparagraph, that a public au-thority take additional actions, determined by the Secretary, to improve the perform-ance of the facility.’’; and 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I, 
too, want to give thanks to both Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO for their 
great work on this bill. It is absolutely amazing. Thank you so very much. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a bipartisan 
amendment with Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. 
CALVERT and would allow a State or 
local transportation agency to apply for a waiver from the current HOV deg-radation standard if the Secretary of Transportation determines that a waiver is in the best interest of the traveling public and that the State or local agency has made a good faith ef-fort to improve the performance of the HOV lane. 
b2015 
The Secretary may require the public 
authority to take additional actions to improve the HOV lane. 
The current HOV degradation stand-
ard requires HOV lanes to maintain an average speed above 45 miles per hour 90 percent of the time during peak hours. I repeat: during peak hours. This arbitrary standard does not take into consideration or account the specific transportation concerns of each State. 
Over 60 percent of California’s high-
ways are noncompliant by this Federal degradation standard, which means 
that California will be forced to spend limited resources on transportation projects that do not meet the needs of the general public. California will also have to reduce the amount of energy- efficient vehicles that it allows in the HOV lane. 
In California, we have studied the 
issue and have found that they do not meet the minimum driving speed standard because of accidents, weather events, and other unpredictable events. The degradation standard is supposed to address manageable recurring con-gestion, but California is noncompliant in the standard based on manageable traffic events. 
This amendment would allow the 
DOT to recognize that there are special circumstances in each State that lead to lane degradation and that they do not always include recurring conges-tion. The amendment would allow the DOT to grant waivers to States and local agencies that apply based on their local congestion concerns. It would protect States against a one- size-fits-all Federal policy that does not work for each State. 
I ask for the support of my amend-
ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand that 
California has unique issues with HOV degradation, and I believe a waiver process is appropriate. One size does not fit all. I think this is another ex-ample we can all learn from. California is different from Pennsylvania. Penn-sylvania is different from Minnesota. 
I appreciate the gentlewoman for 
continuing to fight for this amend-ment. I know that Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS , 
from southern California, was also an advocate for this. We went back and forth on the negotiations as it was in one minute and out the next; but I ap-preciate your perseverance and Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ’ perseverance in that we 
were finally able to get this amend-ment to the floor and come to agree-ment on it. I support this amendment, and I think it is the right thing to do. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I thank the 
chairman for those kind words. I thank Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS and Messrs. R OYCE  
and C ALVERT for their support of this 
amendment. 
I certainly look forward to con-
tinuing to work on transportation, and I thank the gentleman for hanging in there this late in the evening. I look forward to working with the gentleman and with Ranking Member D
EFAZIO on 
this issue during the conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.167 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7621 November 3, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
CHENRY ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C HAFFETZ , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, had come to no reso-lution thereon. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM COUNSEL, 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from Aaron T. Weston, coun-sel, of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, November 3, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, 
DC. 
DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you, 
pursuant to rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have re-ceived a subpoena issued by the United States Merit Systems Protection Board. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel regarding the subpoena, I will make the determinations required under Rule VIII. 
Sincerely, 
A
ARON T. W ESTON , 
Counsel, Committee on Science , 
Space, and Technology. RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 20 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2323 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 11 o’clock and 23 
minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF SENATE AMEND-MENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–326) on the resolution (H. Res. 512) providing for further consider-ation of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut (at the re-
quest of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
Mr. T AKAI (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for November 2 and the balance 
of the week. PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESO -
LUTION RELATED TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT  
TO H.R. 22 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, November 3, 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I hereby submit for printing 
in the Congressional Record revisions to the budget allocations and aggregates of the Fis-cal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to section 4509, a deficit-neutral reserve fund for trans-portation. For purposes of budget enforce-ment, this adjustment is made pursuant to section 3110, which prohibits the use of guar-antee fees as an offset in legislation, and sec-tion 3302, which requires transfers from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund to be counted as new budget au-thority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year in which such transfer occurs, of such concurrent resolu-tion. These revisions are designated for the Senate amendment to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act, as amended by H. Res. 507. Cor-responding tables are attached. 
This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. Pursuant to section 3403 of such concurrent resolution, this revision to the allocations and aggre-gates shall apply only while the Senate amendment to H.R. 22, as amended, is under consideration or upon its enactment. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman , 
Committee on the Budget. 
TABLE 1.—REVISION TO ON-BUDGET AGGREGATES— 
BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
Fiscal Year 
2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ...................................... 3,040,743 1 
Outlays ..................................................... 3,092,541 1 
Revenues .................................................. 2,675,967 32,233,099 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act: 
Budget Authority ...................................... 35,672 1 
Outlays ..................................................... 34,998 1 
Revenues .................................................. 1,155 25,289 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ...................................... 3,076,415 1 
Outlays ..................................................... 3,127,539 1 
Revenues .................................................. 2,677,122 32,258,388 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 
2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
TABLE 2.—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 total 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Budget 
Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 963,250 962,255 13,218,695 13,217,578 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act .................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 22 22 ¥3,216 ¥3,216 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 963,272 962,277 13,215,479 13,214,362 
TABLE 3.—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Energy & Commerce 2016 2016–2025 total 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Budget 
Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 389,635 392,001 4,341,991 4,346,043 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act .................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 0 0 ¥9,050 ¥9,050 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 389,635 392,001 4,332,941 4,336,993 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03NO7.170 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7622 November 3, 2015 
TABLE 4.—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure 2016 2016–2025 total 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Budget 
Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 57,975 16,407 520,762 184,208 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act .................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 35,650 34,976 ¥319,429 35,196 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 93,625 51,383 201,333 219,404 
TABLE 5.—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Natural Resources 2016 2016–2025 total 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Budget 
Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 4,823 5,759 25,492 27,975 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act .................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 0 0 ¥320 ¥320 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 4,823 5,759 25,172 27,655 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on November 2, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 1314. To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
H.R. 623. To amend the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
October 29, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNR. K ASICH , 
Governor of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio. 
DEAR GOVERNOR KASICH : I am writing to 
inform you that I will resign my congres-sional seat in the U.S. House of Representa-tives, effective 11:59 p.m. October 31, 2015. , 
Some 25 years ago, I asked the people of 
Ohio’s Eighth District to send me to Wash-ington on a mission to help build a smaller, less costly, and more accountable govern-ment. First and foremost, that has meant helping constituents and local officials cut through gridlock and navigate the bureau-cratic maze to get things done. In Hamilton, we brought together the Army Corps of Engi-neers and local officials to get the Meldahl Lock and Dam power plant off the ground. In Butler County, we worked with officials at all levels to keep the veterans highway and Union Centre Blvd. projects on track. We made sure that Wright Patterson Air Force Base and the Springfield Air National Guard Base had the resources they need to support our men and women in uniform. And not to mention the tens of thousands of constitu-ents we helped through casework, letters, phone calls, my open door program, and of course, Farm Forum. None of this would have been possible without the hard work of my staff, which has been first-rate from start to finish. Together, we did the right things for the right reasons and good things happened. 
It has been an honor to serve. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNA. B OEHNER . ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 11 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 4, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3364. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s Major final rule — Home Mortgage Disclosure (Regula-tion C) [Docket No.: CFPB-2014-0019] (RIN: 3170-AA10) received November 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3365. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Em-ployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Pay-ing Benefits received November 2, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3366. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Government Relations, VISTA, Corporation for National and Community Service, trans-mitting the Corporation’s final rule — Vol-unteers in Service to America (RIN: 3045- AA36) received November 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
3367. A letter from the Archivist of the 
United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting the Administration’s FY 2015 report on Inven-tories of Commercial and Inherently Govern-mental Activities, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3368. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transaction of Interest Notice for Basket Contracts [Notice 2015-74] (NOT- 127221-15) received November 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3369. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — 2016 Cost-of-Living Adjustments to the Internal Revenue Code Tax Tables and Other Items (Rev. Proc. 2015-53) received No-vember 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3370. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; End- Stage Renal Disease Prospective Payment System, and Quality Incentive Program [CMS-1628-F] (RIN: 0938-AS48) received Octo-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
3371. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2016 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update; Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model; and Home Health Quality Reporting Requirements [CMS-1625-F] (RIN: 0938-AS46) received Octo-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 512. Resolution providing for further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Rept. 114–326). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. 
COFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3879. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for covered agree-ments and contracts between the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.079 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7623 November 3, 2015 
of Veterans Affairs and eligible academic af-
filiates for the mutually beneficial coordina-tion, use, or exchange of health-care re-sources, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mr. 
M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ABIN, 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. B RAT, Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. R OSS, Mr. N UNES , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C ARTER  
of Georgia, Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. S MITH 
of Missouri, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
JORDAN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. W ALKER , 
Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
WOODALL , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. K ING of 
Iowa, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. C OLE, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. R ICE 
of South Carolina, Mr. F RANKS of Ar-
izona, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. H URD 
of Texas): 
H.R. 3880. A bill to prevent the Environ-
mental Protection Agency from exceeding its statutory authority in ways that were not contemplated by the Congress; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Re-sources, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. L
AMALFA ): 
H.R. 3881. A bill to amend the Mineral 
Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3882. A bill to designate the Greater 
Grand Canyon Heritage National Monument in the State of Arizona, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3883. A bill to improve the provision 
of health care by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3884. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to promote and encourage collabora-tion between the Department of Veterans Af-fairs and nonprofit organizations and insti-tutions of higher learning that provide ad-ministrative assistance to veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3885. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to include a single comprehen-sive disability examination as part of the re-quired Department of Defense physical ex-amination for separating members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Ms. 
S
TEFANIK ): 
H.R. 3886. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to im-prove the child and adult care food program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 3887. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to increase certain penalties re-lating to commercial motor vehicle safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 3888. A bill to provide for the imple-
mentation of a system of licensing for pur-chasers of certain firearms and for a record of sale system for those firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York: 
H.R. 3889. A bill to require certain practi-
tioners authorized to prescribe controlled substances to complete continuing edu-cation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3890. A bill to exempt safe and sound 
depository institutions, credit unions, and depository institution holding companies from certain titles of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3891. A bill to amend the Sarbanes- 
Oxley Act of 2002 to exempt issuers with a total market capitalization of less than $2,000,000,000 from the auditor attestation re-quirement for internal control assessments; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. DIAZ-BALART (for himself, 
Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. P OMPEO ): 
H.R. 3892. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to submit a report to Congress on the designation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Ms. P
IN-
GREE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, and Mr. P IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 3893. A bill to amend the Agricultural 
Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 with respect to grants for certain areawide integrated pest management projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. 
T
AKAI): H.R. 3894. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require the prompt notifica-tion of State Child Protective Services by military and civilian personnel of the De-partment of Defense required by law to re-port suspected instances of child abuse and neglect; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3895. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for combined heat and power system property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3896. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for qualified fuel cell property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3897. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for qualified microturbine property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3898. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for qualified small wind energy prop-erty; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3899. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for residential energy efficient prop-erty; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3900. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for solar energy property; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3901. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for thermal energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3902. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for combined heat and power system property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3903. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for qualified fuel cell property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3904. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for qualified microturbine property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3905. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for qualified small wind energy prop-erty; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3906. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for residential energy efficient prop-erty; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3907. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for solar energy property; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3908. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for thermal energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3909. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand the Veterans Choice Program, to amend title 38, United States Code to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03NO7.100 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7624 November 3, 2015 
purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-
fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SONof Connecticut, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and 
Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
H.R. 3910. A bill to change the date for reg-
ularly scheduled Federal elections and estab-lish polling place hours; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 3911. A bill to make technical amend-
ments to the Act of December 22, 1974, relat-ing to lands of the Navajo Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 3912. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Jobs Act of 2010 to extend and expand the State Trade and Export Promotion (STEP) Grant Program; to the Committee on 
Small Business. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and 
Mr. H
ARPER ): 
H.R. 3913. A bill to amend title XXIX of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program under such title relating to lifespan respite care; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 3914. A bill to require that the United 
States flag be flown at half-staff in honor of members of the Armed Forces who die in the line of duty in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 3915. A bill to ensure that United 
States Government personnel, including members of the Armed Forces and contrac-tors, assigned to United States diplomatic missions are given the opportunity to des-ignate next-of-kin for certain purposes in the event of the death of the personnel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. TSONGAS: 
H.R. 3916. A bill to prohibit entities from 
using Federal funds to contribute to political campaigns or participate in lobbying activi-ties; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, 
Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R OSKAM , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. N OEM, 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. K IND, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. N EAL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 3917. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the substan-tiation rules for the donation of vehicles val-ued between $500 and $2,500; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself, Mr. 
F
LEMING , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and Mr. 
PITTS): 
H. Res. 510. A resolution supporting the 
designation of the week beginning November 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Pregnancy Center Week’’ to recognize the vital role that preg-nancy care and resource centers play in sav-ing lives and serving women and men faced with difficult pregnancy decisions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. K IND, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, Mr. B OST, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mississippi, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. B RAT, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
TAKAI, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. 
DELBENE, Ms. K USTER , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. H AHN, 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. M ENG, 
and Ms. A DAMS ): 
H. Res. 511. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the third Tuesday in No-vember as ‘‘National Entrepreneurs’ Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
H. Res. 513. A resolution honoring the life, 
legacy, and example of Israeli Prime Min-ister Yitzhak Rabin on the twentieth anni-versary of his death; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
146. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 156, urging the United States Congress and the U.S. Department of the Army to ac-celerate federal funding to improve military vehicle safety from rollover accidents; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
147. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of Michigan, relative to Senate Reso-lution No. 104, urging the Congress of the United States to reject the U.S.-led nuclear agreement with Iran and press for a new agreement that will prevent all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 3879. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution of the United States 
By Mr. PALMER: 
H.R. 3880. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and propoer for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 3881. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3882. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3883. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3884. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3885. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
By Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution (clause 14), which grants Con-gress the power to make rules for the gov-ernment and regulation of the land and naval forces and by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
By Ms. BONAMICI: 
H.R. 3886. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 3887. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 and Article I, 
section 8, clause 18 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 3888. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have 
Power To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;’’ 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce 
. . . among the several States . . .’’ 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York: 
H.R. 3889. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the power granted to Con-gress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amend-ments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3890. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3891. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. DIAZ-BALART: 
H.R. 3892. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03NO7.100 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7625 November 3, 2015 
Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Sec8, Clause 18 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 3893. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 3894. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3895. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3896. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3897. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause 18. The Con-
gress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this constitu-tion in the government of the United States 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 3910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 3911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 (18) To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Executive the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer therefore. 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 3912. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States), and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes) of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 3913. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 3914. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United 
States Constitution. To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 3915. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. 
By Ms. TSONGAS: 
H.R. 3916. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 3917. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United 
States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 170: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 303: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 344: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
H.R. 353: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 381: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 456: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 472: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 543: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 546: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 556: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 563: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 592: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 600: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 674: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 699: Mr. P AYNE and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 704: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 815: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 824: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 836: Mr. F LEMING and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 840: Mr. K EATING , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 842: Mrs. W ALORSKI and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 863: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 921: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 953: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 964: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 985: Mr. W OMACK and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 990: Mr. T ONKO and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . 
H.R. 1057: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. W ENSTRUP and Mr. H UIZENGA  
of Michigan. 
H.R. 1271: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L ATTA , and Ms. 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1312: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1340: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1343: Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. H ILLand Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina. 
H.R. 1423: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. P OMPEO and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1454: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 1457: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1533: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1538: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina and 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. F OSTER and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F ARR, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and 
Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1625: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1627: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1631: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
CRENSHAW , and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1763: Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. K EATING , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. 
MOORE , and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. 
AMODEI . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.087 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7626 November 3, 2015 
H.R. 1902: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1921: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. G ALLEGO and Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California 
H.R. 1969: Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1986: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois and Mr. 
MCKINLEY . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2144: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2264: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2285: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2307: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2403: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2450: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2515: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2536: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2540: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2627: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2641: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts and 
Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2654: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C ASTRO  
of Texas, and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2699: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 2715: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 2758: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 2867: Ms. K USTER , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
and Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2871: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 2894: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2902: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
KENNEDY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  
of Texas, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. B ERA, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. R USH, and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
LATTA . H.R. 2915: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 3051: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3063: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 3095: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Georgia, and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 3263: Mr. S CHIFF and Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, 
and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 3326: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 3356: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 3410: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California. 
H.R. 3411: Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , and 
Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3423: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. 
VALADAO . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. D OLD, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. H URDof Texas, 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. C ULBERSON , and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3488: Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 3516: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 3522: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 3558: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 3630: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 3651: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
KILDEE , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio. 
H.R. 3652: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 3666: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3684: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 3686: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 3687: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3733: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 3741: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 3756: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 3766: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and 
Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 3780: Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 3782: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3783: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. 
H.R. 3799: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 3801: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 3802: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
CRENSHAW , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and 
Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 3806: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3815: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3841: Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3842: Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 3845: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
BOST. 
H.R. 3856: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 3859: Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 3863: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 3865: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.J. Res. 70: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. C OSTELLO  
of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 32: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , and 
Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H. Res. 194: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H. Res. 502: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M OORE , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R USH, and Ms. 
LEE. 
H. Res. 508: Ms. L EE. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to Rules Committee Print 
114–32 offered by Mr. S HUSTER does not con-
tain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO7.081 H03NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7677 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 2015 No. 163 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable T OM 
COTTON , a Senator from the State of 
Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s 
prayer will be offered by our guest Chaplain, Father Patrick J. Conroy, the Chaplain of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. We thank You for Your ongoing presence and sus-taining grace in us all and Your con-cern for our Nation. 
Continue to bless and inspire the men 
and women who serve in the Senate. May they be encouraged by any move-ment that has occurred and may the hopes and prayers of the American peo-ple, and indeed the world, for healthy and productive legislation be met with results inspired by Your Spirit. 
Forgive our failures, our lack of 
faith. May the good intentions of all acting in this Chamber be rewarded by solutions to our struggles that benefit our Nation. 
May all that is done be for Your 
greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, November 3, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen-
ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FEDERAL WATER QUALITY 
PROTECTION BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, two 
Federal courts have already found that the Obama administration’s plan to regulate the land around nearly every pothole and ditch is illegal. It is hardly a surprise. The administration’s so- called waters of the United States reg-ulation is a cynical and overbearing power grab dressed awkwardly as some clean water measure. It is not. Many argue it actually violates the Clean Water Act. 
The true aim of this massive regu-
latory overreach is pretty clear. After all, if you are looking for an excuse to extend the reach of the Federal bu-reaucracy as widely and intrusively as possible, why not just issue a regula-tion giving bureaucrats dominion over land that has touched a pothole or a ditch or a puddle at some point? That would seem to be pretty much every-thing, and that is why the waters of the United States regulation is so wor-rying. It would force Americans who live near potholes and ditches and pud-dles to ask bureaucrats for permission to do just about anything on their own 
property. 
Want to spray some weeds? Fill out a 
permit. Want to put a small pond in your back yard? Ask Uncle Sam. Want to build a barn or just about anything else on the land you own? Good luck getting approval from the Feds on that. 
One court said that this regulation 
was so ridiculous it had to be the result ‘‘of a process that is inexplicable, arbi-trary, and devoid of a reasoned proc-ess.’’ That sounds about right. It cer-tainly wasn’t a process that appro-priately involved the untold number of stakeholders sure to be affected by such a wide-ranging regulation. Let me read you something I received from a constituent in West Liberty, KY. Here is what he wrote: 
I’m disappointed [that] small businesses 
like mine were not considered in this rule making process. Government regulations, like the proposed rule, are complicated, ex-pensive to navigate and a real obstacle to growing my business. This change, and its ri-diculous overreach and restrictions could de-crease land value and hinder my ability to expand, develop and use my own private land. 
‘‘Please,’’ he said, ‘‘support S. 1140, 
the Federal Water Quality Protection Act.’’ 
I have good news for this Kentuckian 
and for the many Americans who feel the same way. I do support the Federal Water Quality Protection Act. I actu-ally worked with Senator B
ARRASSO to 
introduce it and will take a vote to move the bipartisan bill forward this afternoon. 
A bipartisan majority of the Senate 
supports the Federal Water Quality Protection Act. What it says is pretty simple. If the administration is actu-ally serious about protecting water-ways and not just cynically using this regulation as a ploy to extend the bu-reaucracy’s reach, then it should follow the proper process to get to a balanced outcome. It should appropriately con-sult with the Americans who would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.000 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7678 November 3, 2015 
the most affected by the regulation, es-
pecially farmers, ranchers, and small businesses, not to mention the home-builders, manufacturers, mine opera-tors, and utility providers that would be particularly impacted in my State. It should appropriately consult with the States. It should actually conduct the regulatory impact analyses re-quired of it. 
In short, what this bipartisan bill 
would do is require the administration to actually follow the balanced ap-proach it should have followed in the first place. It is commonsense, bipar-tisan legislation that would protect our waterways while protecting the American people from a heavy-handed regulation that threatens their prop-erty rights and their very livelihoods. A similar bill has already passed the House with bipartisan support. 
Americans in places like Eastern 
Kentucky have suffered enough from this administration’s regulatory on-slaught already. This latest regulation threatens to turn the screws even tighter for almost no benefit at all. 
I call on every colleague to join me 
in standing up for the middle class in-stead of defending cynical, job-crush-ing regulations. I ask them to join me in supporting the bipartisan Federal Water Quality Protection Act this afternoon. 
I thank my colleague from Iowa for 
her hard work on this issue. She has in-troduced a measure that would allow Congress to overturn this massive reg-ulation in its entirety. It is another av-enue the Senate can pursue as we seek to protect the middle class from this unfair regulatory attack. 
I know the Senator from Iowa is ac-
tually with us on the floor right now. She is here for a different reason, which is the subject that I am turning to right now. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR 
GRASSLEY ON CASTING HIS 12,000TH VOTE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last 
week the Senate marked two mile-stones. First, our colleague from Vermont cast vote No. 15,000. We all noted it at the time. And then our col-league from Iowa cast vote No. 12,000, and that is what we would like to note now. 
It is true that Senator G
RASSLEY still 
has some catching up to do if he wants to overtake the Senator from Vermont, but there is more to this story than the top-line number. Out of those 12,000 votes our colleague has taken, the last 7,474 of them were taken consecutively. He hasn’t missed a single vote since 1993. He has the second-longest con-secutive voting record in Senate his-tory, second place out of 1,963 Sen-ators. That is pretty impressive. 
Even so, we know our colleague never 
likes to settle for second. It is good for him, then, that he will soon grab gold in a different way. He is just a few months out from becoming the longest serving Senator in Iowa history, and 
yet he is one of the most energetic guys around here—a runner in every sense of the term. 
He has a lot of fans in Iowa too. I 
don’t think it is any great mystery why the people of Iowa keep sending him here. This is a Senator with a deep love for his State and a simple philos-ophy. When he is here in Washington, he is voting. When he is back in Iowa, he is out meeting Iowans. He makes a point to hold townhall-type events in each of Iowa’s 99 counties every single year. He hasn’t missed a single county in over three decades. No wonder he began his ascent into Twitter legend with four simple words: ‘‘Attending events in Iowa.’’ That tweet is hardly as infamous as ‘‘assume deer dead’’ or ‘‘staff has now informed me of what a Kardashian is, I’m only left with more questions.’’ It captures our colleague perfectly in less than 140 characters. 
Here is something that captures him 
in at least that many calories. At the end of every annual 99-county swing, Senator G
RASSLEY has a ritual. He gets 
a Blizzard from Dairy Queen—some-times chocolate, sometimes vanilla, but always, always swirled with Snick-ers. This year, he got to DQ so early he had to wait in the parking lot for it to open, and of course since this is the senior Senator from Iowa, he tweeted about it. Here is what he said: ‘‘I’m at the Jefferson Iowa DairyQueen,’’ he wrote, doing ‘‘you know what!!!’’ That is some tweet. But in this Dairy Queen story, you have the perfect metaphor for our colleague from Iowa—early riser, driven, devoted to tradition, open to change, and never afraid to mix it up. For this lover of dairy and devotee of his home State, it makes perfect sense. The people of Iowa are lucky to have him here fighting on their behalf. 
Here is to another 99 counties. Here 
is to the 12,000-vote milestone the Sen-ator from Iowa crossed last week. 
f 
REMEMBERING FRED THOMPSON 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Finally, Mr. Presi-
dent, on an entirely different and sad matter, there was never any doubt when our colleague from Tennessee was nearby—6 feet 6 inches tall, deep, booming voice, and a magnetic person-ality that lit up any room he was in. Fred Thompson may have towered over the Senate in a very literal sense, but he was one of the most down-to-earth guys you will ever meet. He was a true gentleman with a kind heart. 
This Senator, who lived life to the 
very fullest, the first in his family to ever attend college, never forgot where he came from. 
Now, in a weird twist of fate, it turns 
out that Fred and I actually came from the same place. We were both born in what was then known as the Colbert County Hospital in Sheffield, AL. But getting back to Fred’s humility, how many successful actors can you say that about? You see, Senator Thomp-son hardly fit the Hollywood stereo-type. Senator Thompson didn’t fit the 
political stereotype either. He was just Fred. He had one of the most inter-esting careers you could ever imagine— Senate colleague, Watergate lawyer, Presidential candidate, and radio per-sonality. And he was an icon of the sil-ver and small screen alike, one who didn’t just take on criminals as an actor but as a real-life prosecutor as well. That was Fred Thompson. That was the man many of us had the pleas-ure to serve with. 
I am reminded of some words shared 
recently by Fred’s friend of 50 years, a friend who succeeded him here in the Senate. ‘‘Very few people could light up a room the way that Fred Thompson did,’’ he said. ‘‘I will miss him great-ly.’’ 
I join the senior Senator from Ten-
nessee in the same sentiment. I know the entire Senate does as well, just as the Senate joins together in sending condolences to Fred’s loved ones, Jeri and his children, in particular, in this very difficult time. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
PAID FAMILY LEAVE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, for many 
decades the American people have heard that their elected officials and political hopefuls taught family values, but right now we need more than talk. We need Members of Congress to step up to the plate to help working fami-lies. 
Our country has fallen well behind 
the rest of the world when it comes to paid family leave. We are the only de-veloped country in the world that does not mandate paid medical leave for workers. Think about that. The most industrialized and successful country in the history of the world mandates less paid and protected family leave than Malta, Slovakia, and Estonia. What does this mean for working American families? It means parents can’t stay home and take care of their sick children. It means mothers need to rush back to work after giving birth to a child. It means working Americans have to choose between a paycheck and their family responsibilities. 
Right now the United States provides 
paid family leave for only 12 percent of its private sector workforce. We are one of three nations without paid ma-ternity leave: Papua New Guinea, Oman, and the United States. Those are the three nations without paid ma-ternity leave: America, Oman, and New Guinea. That is really unfair, and it doesn’t qualify as family values. 
I was pleased recently to learn that 
the new Speaker, P
AUL RYAN, told 
House Republicans his family is off- limits. I don’t know if that means Fri-day afternoons or just Saturday and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.002 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7679 November 3, 2015 
Sunday. He wants to spend more time 
with his family, and I applaud him for that. There were some people who mocked Congressman R
YAN for that, 
and they are wrong. All parents should work to protect that time with their families. 
Here is the problem. For millions of 
Americans, the concept of work-family life balance is nothing more than a fan-tasy. For far too many Americans, more time at work and less time with family is the only way to put food on the table and a roof over their heads. Still, these hard-working families are falling behind. An unpaid day off is out of the question. 
Contrast that with the Senate. The 
Republican-controlled Senate doesn’t work 5-day weeks. Yet millions of Americans can’t get a day off when a loved one dies or a child is confined to a hospital bed. If you play baseball, the average salary is more than $2 million a year. If your wife has a baby, you take off. But they make millions of dollars a year. Middle-class Americans don’t make that. 
While Speaker R
YANinsists on a fam-
ily-friendly work schedule for himself, he is blocking legislation that would give the bare minimum in paid leave for hard-working Americans. Before we worry about ourselves, we should worry about the millions of Americans who can’t get a day off work to care for a sick child—can’t get a half day off work. That would be real family val-ues. 
f 
DRINKING WATER PROTECTIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, this week 
the Senate will vote on two pieces of legislation that will nullify drinking water protections for 117 million Amer-icans. 
The Obama administration’s clean 
water rule will restore important safe-guards to protect American water sources from pollution and contamina-tion. This landmark rule from the Obama administration will finally re-solve years of confusion and provide regulatory certainty for businesses, farmers, local governments, and com-munities without creating any new permitting requirements and maintain-ing all previous exemptions and exclu-sions. 
The Republicans in Congress are in-
tent on undermining these important protections. The Republican leader and his colleagues unfortunately are forc-ing the Senate to vote on legislation to roll back President Obama’s clean water rule. This legislation will fail, of course, and Republicans know it will fail. 
Last week, the junior Senator from 
Texas said this: 
[N]ext week we will have a show vote on 
the waters of the United States. Leadership is very happy. We will have a show vote. We will get to vote, and it will fail. 
Perhaps the junior Senator is right; 
this is another Republican charade. I hope not. If these bills were to pass, President Obama will veto them. Yet 
Republicans are content to waste the Senate’s time just so they can launch another attack on the environment. This is the first of a series of environ-mental attacks we expect this month from Republicans. They are also pre-paring to nullify the President’s rules to address climate change. They have no solutions and no plan to keep our water clean or address climate change. They are wasting valuable Senate time on these show votes. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR 
GRASSLEY ON CASTING HIS 12,000TH VOTE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, every year 
in the Senate we are sent to this dis-tinguished body for one reason: to rep-resent the people of our State and the people of this country. Our constitu-ents expect us to legislate. They expect us to be here on the Senate floor voting and representing their interests. In the Senate, there is no one better at up-holding that responsibility than the senior Senator from Iowa. 
Last Thursday, C
HARLES GRASSLEY  
cast his 12,000th vote as a U.S. Senator. As remarkable as that is, as my friend the senior Senator from Kentucky said, it is even more impressive that he has cast almost 7,500 consecutive votes on the Senate floor. He hasn’t missed a vote since July 14, 1993. He holds the second longest consecutive vote streak in Senate history, behind our colleague Senator William Proxmire of Wis-consin. That is a lot of votes. 
Senator G
RASSLEY ’s constancy and 
unwavering work ethic comes as no surprise to those of us who have known him and are acquainted with his back-ground. C
HUCK GRASSLEY is a farmer. 
He is proud of that. He got started in politics when he was elected to the Iowa House in 1959. He served for 15 years. In 1974, he ran for Congress and served three terms in the House of Rep-resentatives. 
He was elected to the Senate in 1980. 
Thirty-six years, 12,000 votes—that is remarkable, as is 7,474 consecutive votes. So I say congratulations to my friend C
HUCK GRASSLEY on those in-
credible milestones. 
f 
REMEMBERING FRED THOMPSON 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, over the 
weekend, the people of Tennessee lost a member of their family. Senator Fred 
Thompson, whom my friend the Repub-lican leader has talked about, died after a recurring battle with lymphoma. 
Those of us who served with him re-
member that wonderful voice. His voice was so good that many people said he should be an actor. Well, he was. He was an actor. He had a beau-tiful voice that projected so very well, but he was good wherever he was—the floor of the Senate, movie studio, the town square of his home. 
He was a statesman in every sense of 
the word. His dedication to responsible public service fueled his commitment 
to bipartisanship and compromise. Fred Thompson was known for his cou-rageous heart and straightforward ap-proach to public service. 
I will miss him a great deal. He was 
always very kind and thoughtful and friendly to me, and the Senate is a bet-ter place for having had him here. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
FEDERAL WATER QUALITY PRO-
TECTION ACT—MOTION TO PRO-CEED 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 1140, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 153, S. 
1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to propose a regu-lation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO SENATOR CHARLES GRASSLEY ’S 
12,000TH VOTE  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have 
had the privilege of serving with sev-eral hundred Senators in this body over the years I have been here, and Senator G
RASSLEY has been a very special 
friend during that time. He has rep-resented the voices of Iowans for near-ly three and a half decades. I think we have been friends for that three and a half decades. 
When I think of Senator G
RASSLEY — 
12,000 votes, hundreds of hearings, countless tweets, and probably four dozen sweater vests later—he is the same down to earth Iowa farmer who visits every one of the State’s 99 coun-ties every year. He is also the Iowa farmer who, when Vermont was hit with terrible flooding a few years back, was the first person to contact me to say, ‘‘Vermont stood with Iowa when we were hit with a natural disaster. Iowa now stands with Vermont.’’ 
He and I have worked together, and 
we have had a productive relationship that spans those decades. On the Judi-ciary Committee, we take our leader-ship responsibilities seriously. We have both made sure that, both as chairman and ranking members, that every Sen-ator has a chance to be heard. We have found ways to come together on mean-ingful legislation. We enjoy each oth-er’s company. We are able to kid each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.005 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7680 November 3, 2015 
other, as I did on his recent birthday. 
But more importantly, we do what I was told to do when I first came to the Senate, and I am sure what Senator G
RASSLEY was told when he did—we 
keep our word. We have always kept our word to each other. 
It also helps that we both married 
above ourselves. His wonderful wife, Barbara, and my wife, Marcelle, are very close friends. They sometimes say that they belong to that special club that nobody wants to join, that of can-cer survivors. 
Senator G
RASSLEY ’s willingness to 
listen and hard work was most recently on display in the Judiciary Committee, as we hammered out an important compromise on sentencing reform which brought the left and the right together—both parties together. I think every single Senator com-plimented his leadership. 
And I must admit I was grateful for 
Senator G
RASSLEY ’s comments last 
week when I, too, crossed a voting milestone. He said we have been good friends and hoped we could cast many more votes together. I share that hope and congratulate my friend on this achievement. 
I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Iowa. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise 
today to congratulate my friend, col-league, and Iowa’s outstanding senior Senator on casting his 12,000th vote in the wee early hours of this last Friday morning. In fact, there are only 17 other Senators in history who have cast more votes than Senator C
HUCK  
GRASSLEY . On top of that, he has the 
longest existing voting streak in Con-gress. 
This farmer from Iowa serves as the 
chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee and is one of the highest rank-ing members in the Senate. But that has not gone to his head—not for C
HUCK GRASSLEY . Back home in Iowa, 
he travels all 99 counties every single year, and he has done this every year for 35 wonderful years. Today his trav-els across the State to all 99 counties have a name. It is called ‘‘the full Grassley.’’ It is something that now our elected officials and even the Presi-dential candidates who visit Iowa try to complete as well. Senator G
RASSLEY  
has set a high bar, and I am very glad that he has. 
Over the years I have learned quite a 
bit about my friend Senator C
HUCK  
GRASSLEY . He is extremely thrifty. Be-
cause of that, he is always looking out for our taxpayer dollars. He fights tire-
lessly for accountability and trans-parency in Washington. I can always count on Senator G
RASSLEY to stop by 
my office for doughnuts and coffee and to meet all of our wonderful Iowa con-stituents who happen to be visiting Washington, DC. He says he comes to visit the constituents. I actually think it is for the free doughnuts, but we are glad he stops by. 
Senator G
RASSLEY is the epitome of 
the Iowa way, and he has faithfully upheld these values in the Senate. He 
is a workhorse and has dedicated his entire career to serving Iowans. Iowa has no greater friend than Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY . 
Congratulations, Senator, on your 
12,000th vote. Congratulations to Bar-bara, also. Get your Twitter ready be-cause at noon we are going to cele-brate. 
I thank the Acting President pro 
tempore. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
thank all my colleagues, in particular my colleague from Iowa but also the people who are very senior leaders of this body: Senator M
CCONNELL , Sen-
ator R EID, and my friend on the Judici-
ary Committee, Senator L EAHY , whom 
I have served with for 35 years. I thank them for their kind words and for what they said about my service to the peo-ple of Iowa as an elected representa-tive. 
I have interacted with tens of thou-
sands of Iowans as their Senator, so I have a feeling that I know each Iowan personally at this point. Of course, I don’t. I know that is technically im-possible, but one of the benefits of a State that is not especially big geo-graphically is that I have enough plan-ning that I can get to every county every year, as has been said several times by my colleagues. 
Every year, Iowans in each county 
host me at a question-and-answer ses-sion at their factories, schools, or their service clubs. Most of these are my own town meetings that I set up. At each stop, I might get a dozen or so ques-tions on any topic under the Sun, and that is as it should be in representative government because that is a two-way street. The electorate’s job is to ask the questions and my job is to answer them. If people are satisfied that I have answered their questions or that at least I have tried to answer them, then I hope I have demonstrated how much their participation means to the proc-ess of representative government and to casting my votes in Washington be-cause I bring the benefits of every com-ment, question, and criticism heard from Iowans to that vote. 
With these 12,000 votes, I think of the 
many conversations and pieces of cor-respondence behind each vote. Whether I am meeting with Iowans in the Hart Building in Washington or at the Uni-versity of Northern Iowa volleyball matches near my farm in New Hart-ford, the time that people take to visit with me is well spent for me, and I hope they consider it a time well spent for them. 
People ask me if I have any hobbies. 
I cannot say that I do, at least not in the way people usually think of hob-bies. Spending time with the people of Iowa is part of my work. I get paid to listen and make sure that is what I do. It is my pleasure to spend time with Iowans. When someone stops me at the Village Inn in Cedar Falls, where I go for Sunday brunch after church, to 
talk about cyber security or sentencing reform, I am glad to do it. 
What is important to the people of 
Iowa is my vocation. I am grateful for the opportunity to cast 12,000 votes. Thanks to the people of Iowa, thanks to my wife Barbara and the rest of my family who share my regard for what is important, representing the people of Iowa. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the people of Iowa for sending us C
HUCK GRASSLEY and want to say he 
does not just represent Iowa, he per-sonifies it. I know of no Senator who better personifies his State than the Senator from Iowa. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that I be recognized to say a few words about our departed colleague Fred Thompson and that following my remarks Senator C
ORKER be recog-
nized. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING FRED THOMPSON  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, it 
is my sad duty, as was mentioned by our leaders this morning, to report that Fred Dalton Thompson, who served in this body from 1995 to 2003, representing our State of Tennessee, died in Nashville on Sunday. My wife, Honey, and I and the members of our family—every one of whom valued our friendship with Fred—as well as Mem-bers of the Senate, express to Fred’s family—his wife Jeri, their children, Hayden and Sammy, and his sons by his earlier marriage to Sarah, Tony and Dan, and his brother Ken—our pride in Fred’s life and our sympathy for his death. 
Very few people can light up the 
room the way Fred Thompson did. The truth is, most public figures have al-ways been a little jealous of Fred Thompson. His personality had a streak of magic that none of the rest of us have. That magic was on display when he was minority counsel to the Senate Watergate Committee in 1973, asking former White House aide Alex-ander Butterfield the famous question: ‘‘Mr. Butterfield, are you aware of the installation of any listening devices in the Oval Office of the President?’’ thereby publicly revealing the exist-ence of tape-recorded conversations within the White House. National Pub-lic Radio later called that session and the discovery of the Watergate tapes ‘‘a turning point in the investigation.’’ 
The Thompson magic was evident 
again in 1985, when Fred was asked to play himself in the movie ‘‘Marie.’’ In real life, Fred had been the attorney for Marie Ragghianti, the truth-telling chairman of the Tennessee Pardon and Parole Board during a scandal in our State when pardons were sold for cash. 
After that, Fred was cast in a number 
of movie roles as CIA Director, the head of Dulles Airport, an admiral, the President of NASCAR, three Presidents of the United States, and District At-torney Arthur Branch in the television 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.007 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7681 November 3, 2015 
series ‘‘Law and Order’’. That same 
magic served him well when he ran for the United States Senate in 1994 for the last 2 years of Vice President Gore’s unexpired term. It was a good Repub-lican year and Fred’s red pickup truck attracted attention, but he defeated a strong opponent by more than 20 per-centage points, mostly because when he appeared on television, Tennesseans liked him, trusted him, and voted for him. Fred took on some big assign-ments during his time in the Senate, but sometimes he would become impa-tient with some of the foolishness around here. A Washington reporter once asked him if he missed making movies: ‘‘Yes,’’ he said, ‘‘Sometimes I miss the sincerity of Hollywood.’’ 
People ask me sometimes: How could 
an actor accomplish so much? In addi-tion to those things I have already mentioned, during the 1980s Fred was invited twice to be special counsel to Senate investigative committees. When he retired from the Senate, he took over Paul Harvey’s radio show. In 2008, he was a frontrunner for the Pres-idency of the United States. For the last several years, it has been hard to turn on the television without seeing Fred Thompson urging you to buy a re-verse mortgage. 
I believe there are three reasons his 
career was so extraordinary and so di-verse. First, he was authentic, genuine, and bona fide. So far as I know, he never had an acting lesson. As he did in ‘‘Marie’’ and as he did in most of his movie roles, he played himself. There was no pretense in Fred Thompson on or off the stage. Second, he was pur-poseful. In 1992, when I was Education Secretary, I invited Fred to lunch in the White House lunchroom. For years I had urged him to be a candidate for public office. I hoped he might run in 1994. What struck me during our entire luncheon conversation was that not once did he raise any political con-cerns. His only question was: If I were to be elected, what do you suppose I could accomplish? 
When he was elected, he was serious 
and principled. He was a strict Fed-eralist, never a fan of Washington tell-ing Americans what to do, even if he thought it was something Americans should be doing. He was not afraid to cast votes that were unpopular with his constituents if he was convinced he was right. The third reason for Fred Thompson’s success was he worked hard. Saying that will come as some-thing of a surprise to many. 
He was notoriously easygoing. He 
grew up in modest circumstances in Lawrenceburg, Tennessee. His father Fletch was a car salesman. He was a double major in philosophy and polit-ical science at the University of Mem-phis. He did well enough to earn schol-arships to Tulane and Vanderbilt law schools. To pay for school he worked at a bicycle plant, a post office, and a motel. 
Before he was Watergate counsel, he 
was assistant U.S. attorney. The re-mainder of his busy life was filled with 
law practice, stage, and radio shows, counsel to Senate investigating com-mittees, more than 20 movies, tele-vision commercials, and 8 years as a Senator. I have attended a number of memorial services for prominent fig-ures. As a result, I have added a rule to ‘‘Lamar Alexander’s Little Plaid Book.’’ It is this: ‘‘When invited to speak at a funeral, be sure to mention the deceased as often as yourself.’’ 
I mentioned this rule last year when 
I spoke at Howard Baker’s funeral be-cause there came a point in my re-marks when I could not continue with-out mentioning my relationship with Senator Baker, and I therefore had to break my own rule. The same is true with Fred Thompson. We were friends for nearly 50 years. 
In the late 1960s, both of us fresh out 
of law school were inspired by Senator Howard Baker to help build a two- party political system in Tennessee. Fred’s political debut was campaign manager for John Williams for Con-gress, against Ray Blanton in 1968. My first political foray was Howard Baker’s successful Senate campaign in 1966. 
When Senator Baker ran for reelec-
tion in 1972, I recruited Fred to be the Senator’s Middle Tennessee campaign manager. In 1973, Senator Baker asked me to be minority counsel to the Wa-tergate Committee. I suggested he ask Fred instead because as a former U.S. attorney Fred was much better equipped for the job. When I lost the Governor’s race in 1974, the Thompsons were one of two couples Honey and I in-vited to go to Florida to lick our wounds. 
When I was sworn in as Governor in 
1979, even without asking him, I an-nounced that Fred Thompson would fly back to Nashville from Washington, DC, to review more than 60 pardons and paroles that had allegedly been issued because someone had paid cash for them. I wanted the celebrated Water-gate personality to help restore con-fidence in Tennessee’s system of jus-tice. In the spring of 2002, Fred tele-phoned to say he would not run for re-election. So I sought and won the Sen-ate seat both he and Howard Baker had held. I have the same phone number today that both of them had when they were here. 
During my general election campaign 
in 2002, an opponent said: ‘‘Why, Fred and Lamar are both in Howard Baker’s stable.’’ Fred replied: ‘‘Stable hell, we are in the same stall.’’ 
Several times I got a dose of Fred 
Thompson’s magic during those hum-bling experiences when I asked him to campaign with me. Campaigning with Fred Thompson was a little like going to Dollywood with Dolly Parton. You can be sure no one is there to see you. 
We have a tradition of scratching our 
names in the drawers of the desks that we occupy on the floor of the Senate. When I arrived in 2003, I searched high and low until I found what I wanted: a desk occupied by two predecessors, my 
friend Fred Thompson and our mentor Howard Baker. During one of those late-night Senate budget sessions a few years ago, I scratched my name after theirs. I am proud it will remain there as long as this desk does: Baker, Thompson, A
LEXANDER . 
Tennesseans and our country have 
been fortunate that public service at-tracted Fred Dalton Thompson. We will miss his common sense, his conserv-ative principles, and his big booming voice. We have lost one of our most able and attractive public servants, and my wife Honey and I have lost a dear friend. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise to 
share my voice with L
AMAR ALEX-
ANDER ’s at the loss of a great Ten-
nessean and a great American. I appre-ciate so much Senator A
LEXANDER ’s 
chronologically going through much of the great Senator Thompson’s life and talking about the personal experiences. Elizabeth and I, too, want to share our condolences with Jeri, Hayden, and Sammy, along with Tony and Dan, his sons by his first marriage with Sarah, and his brother Ken. 
I was able to talk to Tony last week 
as Fred was in hospice care. As you would expect, with Fred being the kind of person he was, never forgetting where he came from, they wanted to spend those last days together in quiet and didn’t want a lot of phone calls or a lot happening to make people aware of what was happening. Fred had reached his end. No doubt, again, Ten-nessee has lost a great son as has our Nation. 
Fred was one of those people, as 
L
AMAR just mentioned, who had ex-
traordinary talent. To me, what was so unique about him having that extraor-dinary talent is he also had the gift of knowing when and how to use it, from his extraordinary ability as a lawyer, as has been chronicled, to his ability when faced with a case that became something of national notoriety, to himself becoming an actor and playing a role that in this case he was in real life, and then to serving in the Senate in the way that he did. 
I, too, had the extraordinary privi-
lege to also know Fred, as I have had in knowing someone like L
AMAR ALEX-
ANDER , who I think is one of the great 
public servants of our State, and How-ard Baker, who has been a mentor to all of us and had such an impact on me, L
AMAR , and Fred. Back in 1994, as I was 
telling some Tennesseans earlier today, I was also running for the Sen-ate in a race that no one remembers because of the results. As L
AMAR men-
tioned, everywhere you went, people wanted to see Fred. 
Fred had this extraordinary ability 
to capture people’s imaginations. Fred was unabashedly proud of our Nation and never an apologist for what our Nation has done around the world to make the world a better place. I was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.009 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7682 November 3, 2015 
able to drive around and see hordes of 
people gather around Fred. People would pat Bill Frist, me, and the other folks running in the other primary on the head and say: Someday you, too, might be a Senator. 
Fred was somewhat criticized that 
year because of the way he was going about the race. Again, it reminds me of how much talent he had and his ability to know how to use it. He told people: Look, the first time I run a television ad, this race will be over. 
He did, and it was. As L
AMAR men-
tioned, he went on to win by 20 points because of the way the people felt about him, not only around our State but around our country. 
Fred was very impatient with serving 
in the Senate, and I had multiple con-versations with him about that. Actu-ally, serving here, one can understand with someone like Fred, who con-stantly wanted to make something happen, how that was a frustration. But I know for a fact from watching his early days—coming in, heading the homeland security committee, and doing the many things he did—that he affected our State and country in a very positive way, which is something all of us would hope to emulate. 
We will miss him. He was a rare tal-
ent. He was one of those people who made you want to do better when you were around him. 
I thank him for his tremendous serv-
ice to our country, I thank him for the tremendous and deep friendships he created all around our State, and I thank him for causing all of us to con-stantly remember where we came from. 
With that, I join Senator A
LEXANDER  
in again expressing our deep condo-lences to his family and all who were around him, especially when the end came. 
With that, I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, first, I 
ask unanimous consent that Senator C
ARDIN manage our side. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am 
going to make a statement about S. 1140, which is before us. 
Senator B
ARRASSO , may I make my 
statement, due to a hectic schedule? I won’t go very long. Is that all right with you. 
Thank you, my friend. I thank Senator B
ARRASSO . 
It is kind of commonplace here that 
it is another day and another attack on the environment. Today is no excep-tion. Today it is an attack on the Clean Water Act. That is what I believe S. 1140 does. 
The name of this bill is the Federal 
Water Quality Protection Act. I tell you, if we could sue for false adver-tising, we would have a great case be-cause this bill doesn’t protect any-thing. It allows for pollution of many bodies of water that provide drinking water to 117 million Americans, 1 in 3 
Americans. Their drinking water will be at risk if my friend’s bill passes. That is why I feel so strongly about it. 
We see it on this poster: 117 million 
Americans are served by public drink-ing water systems. That is 94 percent of public drinking water systems that rely on these headwater streams. It af-fects 1 in 3 Americans in 48 States. 
We are talking about a bill that is 
called the Federal Water Quality Pro-tection Act, but it is about pollution, not protection. In a way, when we name these bills the opposite of what they are—remember, this is called the Federal Water Quality Protection Act when in fact it is going to lead to con-tamination of waterways. It reminds me of the book ‘‘1984’’ in which the government is making sure people be-lieve different things, and they have slogans like ‘‘war is peace,’’ and you think about it, and finally you cannot tell the difference between war and peace. 
Pollution is not protection, and this 
bill will lead to pollution because S. 1140 blocks the final clean water rule that clearly protects these waters while exempting ditches and storm water collection and treatment sys-tems, artificial ponds, water-filled de-pressions, puddles, and recycled water facilities. 
What you will hear from the other 
side is, oh, the Obama administration has written a rule that is protecting puddles. That is nonsense. The fact is, the clean water rule is going to bring certainty to the Clean Water Act, and it is going to protect the drinking water of 117 million Americans. Yet my Republican friends want to stop it. The exemptions that are in there would be gone, not only the exemption from ditches, storm water collection, artifi-cial ponds, water-filled depressions, and recycled water facilities, but also the exemptions for agriculture and for-estry. So we are going to have a situa-tion where there is more chaos sur-rounding our water laws. It is going to lead to confusion for businesses and landowners, and it is going to take us back to square one to figure out a whole other rule. Following two Su-preme Court decisions, we shouldn’t pass legislation that would create even more uncertainty and invite years of new litigation. 
The other thing you hear from the 
other side is, oh, this clean water rule the Obama administration wrote—they didn’t listen to the public. Well, more than 1 million comments were received during a comment period that lasted over 200 days, and over 400 outreach meetings with stakeholders and State and local governments were conducted. So this bill—by sending us back to square one—ignores this robust out-reach, and it will wind up wasting mil-lions of taxpayer dollars, forcing EPA to go right back to square one. How many more comments do these friends of mine on the other side of the aisle want? My God, there were 400 outreach meetings over 200 days and more than 
1 million comments. It makes no sense to me. 
Nothing is more important than pro-
tecting the lives of the American peo-ple, and when we weaken the Clean Water Act, that is what we do. 
I will show a photograph. This was 
the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland, OH, decades ago. It caught on fire. It caught on fire because there was no regulation and there were all kinds of toxic substances on the waterway. Our lakes were dying. And this one—when the people saw it on fire, they said enough is enough. They demanded the Clean Water Act. We passed it—I wasn’t here then; it was 1972—by an overwhelmingly bipartisan majority. We have made tremendous progress. Today our rivers, lakes, and streams are far cleaner than they were, and the Clean Water Act has been one of our most successful laws. 
Let’s look at the support for the 
Clean Water Act. This is unbelievable, when you see this. This is over-whelming public support for the clean water rule that my friends on the other side of the aisle, the Republicans, want to stop in its tracks. 
Seventy-nine percent of voters think 
Congress should allow the clean water rule to move forward, and 80 percent of small business owners support protec-tions for upstream headwaters in the EPA’s new clean water rule. So some-body has to explain to me—and I am sure my friends will try to, and I look forward to hearing their reasoning— why they are going against 79 percent of the voters and 80 percent of small businesses. It makes no sense. 
The bill takes us in the wrong direc-
tion. That is why over 80 scientists with expertise in the importance of streams and wetlands, as well as the Society for Freshwater Science, oppose this bill. I have received opposition let-ters from so many groups, I am going to read them to you. And think about these groups. These are objective groups. These are nonpartisan groups. 
Under public health, there is the 
American Public Health Association, the Physicians for Social Responsi-bility, and the Trust for America’s Health. 
Under scientists and legal experts, 
there are 82 scientists, 44 law profes-sors, and the American Fisheries Soci-ety. 
Under business, there is the Amer-
ican Sustainable Business Council rep-resenting 200,000 businesses that oppose this bill, and there are 35 U.S. brew-eries. That is kind of interesting. The breweries count on clean water. They are very upset about the Barrasso bill. They oppose it. 
Under sportsmen, there is the Amer-
ican Fly Fishing Trade Association. I thought my Republican friends support outdoor recreation. The Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, the Illinois Coun-cil of Trout Unlimited, the Inter-national Federation of Fly Fishers, the Izaak Walton League of America, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.010 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7683 November 3, 2015 
Florida Wildlife Federation, the Na-
tional Wildlife Federation, the Theo-dore Roosevelt Conservation Partner-ship, and Trout Unlimited oppose this bill. 
Under environmental, there is the Al-
liance for the Great Lakes, American Canoe Association, American Rivers, and the BlueGreen Alliance. 
Mr. President, I am not going to go 
on that much longer. I am just going to finish reading this list because when I speak—OK, you know I am a strong en-vironmentalist. I am wearing my green today on purpose. These groups are very concerned about the Barrasso bill, as are 79 percent of voters. 
Here are the other groups that 
weighed in: BlueStream Communica-tions, California River Watch, and Cen-tral Ohio Watershed Council. They know because they have algae blooms coming to their lakes. Continuing, there is Clean Water Action, Clean Up the River Environment, Coastal Envi-ronmental Rights Foundation, Defend-ers of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Endan-gered Habitats League, Environment America, Evangelical Environmental Network. Do you want to know why the Evangelical Environmental Net-work is here? Because they believe that with this bill we are harming God’s creation. That is why they are in-volved. Continuing, Greenpeace, Gulf Restoration Network, Kentucky Water-ways Alliance, Lake Champlain Inter-national, League of Conservation Vot-ers, Massachusetts River Alliance, Na-tional Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources Defense Council, Nature Coast Conservation, New Jersey Audubon Society, Northwest Environ-mental Advocates, Ohio Environmental Council, Ohio River Foundation, Prai-rie Rivers Network, River Network, Roots & Shoots, University of Tampa, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Surfrider Foundation. 
Under rural development, there is the 
Center for Rural Affairs. 
There are reasons all these groups— 
scientists and biologists—have come together. They want to protect the wa-terways of the United States of Amer-ica. This bill will take us back to square one. This bill goes against the most incredible group of opponents. This bill ignores the will of the people. So I am very hopeful that we will have enough votes to stop the special inter-ests that want to keep dumping toxic material and dangerous material into our waterways. 
I know Senator B
ARRASSO and Sen-
ator I NHOFE would like time. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that when the first Republican speaker is done, it goes back to a Dem-ocrat, then back to a Republican, if that is OK with everybody. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I wish to 
do three things quickly. One is a re-quest, one is an apology, and one is the 
truth. The privileges of the floor re-quest will appear in another section of the R
ECORD . 
Secondly, I have an apology. I am 
very fortunate I have had the same staff for 21 years in the Senate. They have never made a mistake. My staff never made a mistake until last Fri-day. Last Friday I was informed by my staff that we had two votes starting at 1 o’clock in the morning—two votes, and yet there were three. So I am the guy who came down, thinking I had al-ready voted. So I apologize to the lead-er, I apologize to the staff who was working, and more than anything else, I apologize to the young people on the front row, our pages, who had to stay up another 15 minutes at 4 o’clock in the morning because of me. I apologize. 
On the truth side, first, let me put in 
the R
ECORD —my good friend from Cali-
fornia was talking about all of the groups. I have five times as many groups now on record, many of which are from the State of California. I have a long list. I wish to make those 44 groups from California a part of the R
ECORD . And then there are the 480 
very thoughtful groups nationally that are opposed to this rule. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the two lists of 
supporters. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CALIFORNIA ENTITIES SUPPORTING S . 1140 
California Cattlemen’s Association; Cali-
fornia Chamber of Commerce; California Cot-ton Ginners Association; California Farm Bureau; Camarillo Chamber of Commerce; Central California Golf Course Superintend-ents Association; Chambers of Commerce Al-liance of Ventura & Santa Barbara Counties; Corona Chamber of Commerce; County of San Joaquin, California; Elk Grove Chamber of Commerce; Fresno Chamber of Commerce; Fullerton Chamber of Commerce; Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce. 
Golf Course Superintendents Association 
of Southern California; Greater Bakersfield Chamber of Commerce; Greater Conejo Val-ley Chamber of Commerce; Greater Grass Valley Chamber of Commerce; Hi-Lo Desert Golf Course Superintendent Association; In-land Empire Golf Course Superintendents Association; Inland Empire Regional Cham-ber of Commerce; Long Beach Area Chamber of Commerce; Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce; Murrieta Chamber of Commerce; Oceanside Chamber of Commerce; Orange County Business Council; Oxnard Chamber of Commerce. 
Rancho Cordova Chamber of Commerce; 
Redondo Beach Chamber of Commerce; Rose-ville Chamber of Commerce; Rural County Representatives of California; Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce; San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce; San Gabriel Valley Economic Partnership; San Joaquin Valley Quality Cotton Growers As-sociation; Santa Clara Chamber of Com-merce and Convention-Visitors Bureau; Santa Clarita Valley Chamber of Commerce; Santa Maria Valley Chamber of Commerce; South Bay Association of Chambers of Com-merce; South Orange County Economic Coa-lition; Torrance Area Chamber of Commerce; Trinity Expanded Shale & Clay; Tuolumne County Chamber of Commerce; Western Ag-ricultural Processors Association; Willows 
Chamber of Commerce. 
SUPPORTERS OF THE FEDERAL WATER QUALITY  
PROTECTION ACT  
U.S. Conference of Mayors; National Asso-
ciation of Counties; National League of Cit-ies; National Association of Regional Coun-cils; Patrick Morrisey, West Virginia Attor-ney General; Doug Peterson, Nebraska At-torney General; Tim Fox, Montana Attorney General; Wayne Stenehjem, North Dakota Attorney General; Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma Attorney General; Michael DeWine, Ohio At-torney General; Peter Michael, Wyoming At-torney General; Alan Wilson, South Carolina Attorney General; Luther Strange, Alabama Attorney General; Brad Schimel, Wisconsin Attorney General; Mark Brnovich, Arizona Attorney General; Terry Branstad, Iowa Governor; Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas Attor-ney General; Phil Bryant, Mississippi Gov-ernor; Agricultural Council of Arkansas; Ag-ricultural Retailers Association; Agri-Mark, Inc.; Alabama Cattlemen’s Association; Ala-bama Chapter of Golf Course Superintend-ents Association; Alaska; Alaska State Chamber of Commerce; Albany-Colonie Re-gional Chamber of Commerce; American Agri-Women. 
American Exploration & Mining Associa-
tion; American Farm Bureau Federation; American Forest & Paper Association; Amer-ican Gas Association; American Horse Coun-cil; American Petroleum Institute; American Public Power Association; American Public Works Association; American Road & Trans-portation Builders Association; American Society of Golf Course Architects; American Soybean Association; American Sugar Alli-ance; AmericanHort; Ames Chamber of Com-merce; Annapolis and Anne Arundel County Chamber of Commerce; Arctic Slope Re-gional Corporation; Area Development Part-nership—Greater Hattiesburg; Arizona Cat-tle Feeders’ Association; Arizona Cattle Growers’ Association; Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry; Arizona Farm Bu-reau Federation; Arizona Mining Associa-tion; Arizona Rock Products Association; Arkansas Cattlemen’s Association; Arkansas Pork Producers Association; Arkansas State Chamber of Commerce; Associated Builders & Contractors Associated Builders & Con-tractors Delaware Chapter. 
Associated Builders & Contractors Empire 
State Chapter; Associated Builders & Con-tractors Florida East Coast Chapter; Associ-ated Builders & Contractors Heart of Amer-ica Chapter; Associated Builders & Contrac-tors Illinois Chapter; Associated Builders & Contractors Mississippi Chapter; Associated Builders & Contractors New Orleans/Bayou Chapter; Associated Builders & Contractors Pelican Chapter; Associated Builders & Con-tractors Rocky Mountain Chapter; Associ-ated Builders & Contractors Western Michi-
gan Chapter; Associated Builders and Con-tractors; Associated Industries of Arkansas, Inc.; Association of American Railroads; As-sociation of American Railroads; Association of Equipment Manufacturers (AEM); Asso-ciation of Oil Pipe Lines; Association of Texas Soil and Water; Baltimore Washington Corridor Chamber; Billings Chamber of Com-merce; Birmingham Business Alliance; Bis-marck-Mandan Chamber of Commerce; Buckeye Valley Chamber of Commerce; Buf-falo Niagara Partnership; Bullhead Area Chamber of Commerce; Business Council of Alabama; Cactus & Pine Golf Course Super-intendents Association; California Cattle-men’s Association; California Chamber of Commerce. 
California Cotton Ginners Association; 
California Farm Bureau; Calusa Golf Course Superintendents Association; Camarillo Chamber of Commerce; Carson Valley Cham-ber of Commerce; Central California Golf 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.026 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7684 November 3, 2015 
Course Superintendents Association; Central 
Delaware Chamber of Commerce; Central Florida Golf Course Superintendents Asso-ciation; Central New York Golf Course Su-perintendents Association; Chamber of Reno, Sparks, and Northern Nevada; Chamber Southwest Louisiana; Chambers of Com-merce Alliance of Ventura & Santa Barbara Counties; Chicago Southland Chamber of Commerce; Cincinnati USA Regional Cham-ber; City of Central Chamber of Commerce; Cleveland-Bolivar County Chamber of Com-merce; Club Managers Association of Amer-ica; Coeur d’Alene Chamber of Commerce; Colorado Association of Commerce & Indus-try; Colorado Cattlemen’s Association; Colo-rado Competitive Council; Colorado Live-stock Association; Colorado Nursery and Greenhouse Association; Colorado Pork Pro-ducers Council. 
Columbia County Chamber of Commerce; 
Connecticut Association of Golf Super-intendents; Conservation Districts; Corn Re-finers Association; Corona Chamber of Com-merce; County of San Joaquin, California; CropLife America; Crowley Chamber of Com-merce; Dairy Producers of New Mexico; Dairy Producers of Utah; Dakota County Re-gional Chamber of Commerce; Darke County Chamber of Commerce; Dauphin Island 
Chamber of Commerce; Delaware State Chamber of Commerce; Delta Council; Den-ver Metro Chamber of Commerce; Develop-ment Association; Distribution Contractors Association; Dubuque Area Chamber of Com-merce; Durango Chamber of Commerce; Earthmoving Contractors Association of Texas; Economic Progress (FEEP); Edison Electric Institute; Elk Grove Chamber of Commerce; Energy Piping Systems Division; Everglades Golf Course Superintendents As-sociation; Exotic Wildlife Association. 
Fall River Area Chamber of Commerce & 
Industry; Federal Forest Resources Coali-tion; Florida Cattlemen’s Association; Flor-ida Chamber of Commerce; Florida Golf Course Superintendents Association; Florida Sugar Cane League; Florida West Coast Golf Course Superintendents Association; Fort Collins Area Chamber of Commerce; Founda-tion for Environmental and; Fred Weber, Inc.; Fresno Chamber of Commerce; Ful-lerton Chamber of Commerce; Georgia Agri-business Council; Georgia Cattlemen’s Asso-ciation; Georgia Chamber of Commerce; Georgia Cotton Commission; Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association; Georgia Green Industry Association; Georgia Pork Producers Association; Glendale Chamber of Commerce; Goleta Valley Chamber of Com-merce; Golf Course Builders Association of America; Golf Course Superintendents Asso-ciation of America. 
Golf Course Superintendents Association 
of Cape Cod; Golf Course Superintendents Association of New Jersey; Golf Course Su-perintendents Association of Southern Cali-fornia; Grand Junction Area Chamber of Commerce; Grand Rapids Area Chamber of Commerce; Grant County Chamber of Com-merce & Tourism; Greater Bakersfield Chamber of Commerce; Greater Casa Grande Chamber of Commerce; Greater Cedar Valley Alliance & Chamber; Greater Conejo Valley Chamber of Commerce; Greater Elkhart Chamber of Commerce; Greater Fairbanks Chamber of Commerce; Greater Flagstaff Chamber of Commerce; Greater Grass Valley Chamber of Commerce; Greater Hall Cham-ber of Commerce; Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce; Greater Hyde County Chamber of Commerce; Greater Louisville Inc.; Greater North Dakota Chamber of Com-merce; Greater Oak Brook Chamber of Com-merce and Economic Development Partner-ship; Greater Oklahoma City Chamber. 
Greater Omaha Chamber of Commerce; 
Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce; Greater Raleigh Chamber of Commerce; 
Greater Rome Chamber of Commerce; Green Valley Sahuarita Chamber of Commerce & Visitor Center; GROWMARK, Inc. Gulf Coun-ty Chamber of Commerce; Hastings Area Chamber of Commerce; Hawaii Cattlemen’s Council; Heart of America Golf Course Su-perintendents Association; Hi-Lo Desert Golf Course Superintendent Association; Holmes County Development Commission; Horseshoe Bend Area Chamber of Commerce; Houma- Terrebonne Chamber of Commerce; Idaho As-sociation of Commerce & Industry; Idaho Cattle Association; Idaho Dairymen’s Asso-ciation; Idaho Golf Course Superintendents Association; Illinois Association of Aggre-gate Producers; Illinois Beef Association; Il-linois Chamber of Commerce; Illinois Pork Producers Association; Independent Cattle-men’s Association of Texas; Indiana Beef Cattle Association. 
Indiana Chamber of Commerce; Indiana 
Pork Producers Association; Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce; Industrial Minerals Association—North America; Inland Empire Golf Course Superintendents Association; In-land Empire Regional Chamber of Com-merce; International Council of Shopping Centers; International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC); International Liquid Termi-nals Association (ILTA); Interstate Natural Gas Association of America (INGAA); Iowa Association of Business and Industry; Iowa Cattlemen’s Association; Iowa Cattlemen’s Association; Iowa Chamber Alliance; Iowa Golf Course Superintendent Association; Iowa Pork Producers Association; Iowa Seed Association; Irrigation Association; JAX 
Chamber; Jeff Davis Chamber of Commerce; Juneau Chamber of Commerce; Kalispell Chamber of Commerce; Kansas Agribusiness Retailers Association; Kansas Agribusiness Retailers Association; Kansas Chamber of Commerce. 
Kansas Farm Bureau; Kansas Grain and 
Feed Association; Kansas Livestock Associa-tion; Kansas Livestock Association; Kansas Pork Association; Kentucky Cattlemen’s As-sociation; Kentucky Chamber of Commerce; Kentucky Pork Producers Association; Lafourche Chamber of Commerce; Lake Havasu Area Chamber of Commerce; Leading Builders of America; Lima/Allen County Chamber of Commerce; Lincoln Chamber of Commerce; Litchfield Area Chamber of Com-merce; Long Beach Area Chamber of Com-merce; Los Angeles Area Chamber of Com-merce; Louisiana Association of Business and Industry; Louisiana Cattlemen’s Asso-ciation; Louisiana/Mississippi; Louisiana/ Mississippi Golf Course Superintendents As-sociation; Maine Arborist Association; Maine Landscape & Nursery Association; Marana Chamber of Commerce; McLean County Chamber of Commerce. 
Mesa Chamber of Commerce; Metro At-
lanta Chamber of Commerce; Metro Denver Economic Development Corporation; Michi-gan Cattlemen’s Association; Michigan Cattlemen’s Association; Michigan Chamber of Commerce; Michigan Golf Course Super-intendents Association; Michigan Pork Pro-ducers Association; Mid-Atlantic Associa-tion of Golf Course Superintendents; MIDJersey Chamber of Commerce; Milk Pro-ducers Council; Minden-South Webster Chamber of Commerce; Minnesota AgriGrowth Council; Minnesota Agri- Women; Minnesota Crop Production Retail-ers; Minnesota Golf Course Superintendents Association; Minnesota Pork Producers As-sociation; Minnesota State Cattlemen’s As-sociation; Minnesota State Cattlemen’s As-sociation; Mississippi Cattlemen’s Associa-tion; Missouri Agribusiness Association; Mis-souri Cattlemen’s Association; Missouri Cattlemen’s Association; Missouri Cattle-men’s Association. Missouri Corn Growers Association; Mis-
souri Dairy Association; Missouri Pork Asso-ciation; Missouri Soybean Association; Mo-bile Area Chamber of Commerce; Molokai Chamber of Commerce; Monroe County 
Chamber of Commerce; Montana Chamber of Commerce; Montana Stockgrowers Associa-tion; Morris County Chamber of Commerce; Moultrie-Colquitt County Chamber of Com-merce; Mulzer Crushed Stone, Inc.; Munic-ipal and Industrial Division; Murrieta Cham-ber of Commerce; NAIOP, the Commercial Real Estate; Naperville Chamber of Com-merce; Natchitoches Area Chamber of Com-merce; National All-Jersey; National Asso-ciation of Home Builders; National Associa-tion of Manufacturers; National Association of REALTORS
R; National Association of 
State Departments of Agriculture; National Association of Wheat Growers; National Black Chamber of Commerce; National Cattlemen’s Beef Association. 
National Chicken Council; National Club 
Association; National Corn Growers Associa-tion; National Cotton Council; National Council of Farmer Cooperatives; National Federation of Independent Business; Na-tional Golf Course Owners Association of America; National Industrial Sand Associa-tion; National Mining Association; National Multifamily Housing Council; National Oil-seed Processors Association; National Pork Producers Council; National Rural Electric Cooperative Association; National Sorghum Producers; National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association (NSSGA); National Turkey Fed-eration; National Water Resources Associa-tion; Nebraska Cattlemen; Nebraska Cattle-men Association; Nebraska Chamber of Com-merce and Industry; Nebraska Golf Course Superintendents Association; Nebraska Pork Producers Association, Inc; Nevada Cattle-men’s Association; New Hampshire Business and Industry Association; New Jersey State Chamber of Commerce. 
New Mexico Association of Commerce & 
Industry; New Mexico Cattle Growers Asso-ciation; New York Beef Producers’ Associa-tion; New York State Turfgrass Association; Norfolk Area Chamber of Commerce; North Carolina Aggregates Association; North Carolina Cattlemen’s Association; North Carolina Cattlemen’s Association; North Carolina Chamber; North Carolina Pork Council; North Country Chamber of Com-merce; North Dakota Stockmen’s Associa-tion; North Dakota Stockmen’s Association; North Florida Golf Course Superintendents Association; North Western Illinois Course Superintendents Association; Northeast Dairy Farmers Cooperatives; Northeastern Golf Course Superintendents Association; Northern Colorado Legislative Alliance; Northern Kentucky Chamber of Commerce; Northern Ohio Golf Course Superintendents Association; Oceanside Chamber of Com-merce; Ohio Aggregates & Industrial Min-erals Association; Ohio AgriBusiness Asso-ciation. 
Ohio Cattlemen’s Association; Ohio Cattle-
men’s Association; Ohio Chamber of Com-merce; Oklahoma Cattlemen’s Association; Oklahoma Farm Bureau; Oklahoma Pork Council; Olive Branch Chamber of Com-merce; Opelika Chamber of Commerce; Or-ange County Business Council; Oregon Cattlemen’s Association; Oregon Dairy Farmer’s Association; Orlando Regional Chamber of Commerce; Ottawa Area Cham-ber of Commerce; Oxnard Chamber of Com-merce; Palm Beach Golf Course Superintend-ents Association; Peaks & Prairies Golf Course Superintendents Association; Penn-sylvania Cattlemen’s Association; Pike County Chamber of Commerce; Plastic Pipe Institute; Pocatello-Chubbuck Chamber of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.002 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7685 November 3, 2015 
Commerce Illinois; Portland Cement Asso-
ciation; Power and Communications Con-tractors Association; Public Lands Council; Quad Cities Chamber of Commerce. 
Rancho Cordova Chamber of Commerce; 
Redondo Beach Chamber of Commerce; Re-hoboth Beach-Dewey Beach Chamber of Commerce Florida; Responsible Industry for a Sound Environment (RISE); Richland Chamber of Commerce; Ridge Golf Course Superintendents Association; Riverside & Landowners Protection Coalition; Roanoke Valley Chamber of Commerce; Rochester Area Chamber of Commerce; Rochester Busi-ness Alliance; Rocky Mountain Golf Course Superintendents Association; Rogers-Lowell Area Chamber of Commerce; Roseville Chamber of Commerce; Sacramento Metro-politan Chamber of Commerce; San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce; San Gabriel Valley Economic Partnership; San Joaquin Valley Quality Cotton Growers Association; Santa Clara Chamber of Commerce and Con-vention-Visitors Bureau; Santa Clarita Val-ley Chamber of Commerce; Santa Maria Val-ley Chamber of Commerce; Savannah Area Chamber of Commerce; Scottsdale Area Chamber of Commerce. 
Select Milk Producers, Inc.; Shoals Cham-
ber of Commerce; Silver City Grant County Chamber of Commerce; South Baldwin 
Chamber of Commerce; South Bay Associa-tion of Chambers of Commerce; South Caro-lina Cattlemen’s Association; South Dakota Cattlemen’s Association; South Dakota Pork Producers Council; South East Dairy Farm-ers Association; South Florida Golf Course Superintendents Association; South Orange County Economic Coalition; South Texans’ Property Rights Association; South Texas Cotton & Grain Association; Southeastern Lumber Manufacturers Association; South-ern Cotton Growers, Inc.; Southern Crop Pro-duction Association; Southwest Council of Agribusiness; Southwest Indiana Chamber; Sports Turf Managers Association; Springer Chamber of Commerce; Springfield Area Chamber of Commerce; St. Albans Coopera-tive Creamery Inc.; St. Johns County Cham-ber of Commerce. 
St. Joseph Chamber of Commerce; St. Jo-
seph County Chamber of Commerce; Sugar Cane Growers Cooperative of Florida; Suncoast Golf Course Superintendents Asso-ciation; Tempe Chamber of Commerce; Ten-nessee Cattlemen’s Association; Texas & Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association; Texas Cattle Feeders Association; Texas Cat-tle Feeders Association; Texas Forestry As-sociation; Texas Pork Producers Associa-tion; Texas Pork Producers Association; Texas Poultry Federation; Texas Seed Trade Association; Texas Sheep & Goat Raisers As-sociation; Texas Wheat Producers Associa-tion; Texas Wildlife Association; Texas Wine and Grape Growers; The Associated General Contractors of America; The Business Coun-cil of New York State; The Fertilizer Insti-tute; The Independent Petroleum Associa-tion of America (IPAA); Thompson Contrac-tors, Inc.; Torrance Area Chamber of Com-merce. 
Treasure Coast Golf Course Superintend-
ents Association; Treated Wood Council; Trinity Expanded Shale & Clay; Tucson Metro Chamber; Tuolumne County Chamber of Commerce; Tuscola Stone Co.; U.S. Cattlemen’s Association; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; U.S. Poultry & Egg Association; United Egg Producers; USA Rice Federation; Utah Cattlemen’s Association; Virginia Agri-business Council; Virginia Cattlemen’s Asso-ciation; Virginia Pork Council, Inc.; Virginia Poultry Federation; Virginia State Dairy-men’s Association; Vocational Agriculture Teachers Association; Wabash County Cham-ber of Commerce; Washington Cattle Feeders Association; Washington Cattlemen’s Asso-ciation; Washington State Dairy Federation; 
Weldon Materials; West Virginia Cattlemen’s Association; Western Agricultural Proc-essors Association; Western DuPage Cham-ber of Commerce; Western Peanut Growers Association. 
Western United Dairymen; White Pine 
Chamber of Commerce; Wickenburg Chamber of Commerce; Willoughby Western Lake 
County Chamber of Commerce; Willows Chamber of Commerce; Wilmington Chamber of Commerce; Wisconsin Cattlemen’s Asso-ciation; Wisconsin Pork Association; Wyo-ming Ag-Business Association; Wyoming Crop Improvement Association; Wyoming Stock Growers Association; Wyoming Wheat Growers Association; Yuma County Chamber of Commerce. 
Mr. INHOFE. Now, the waters of the 
United States rule is not just another example of regulatory overreach. I chair the Committee on Environment and Public Works. We have jurisdiction over the EPA, yet they do not want to even come in and testify when re-quested, and that is something I don’t think has ever happened before. 
This rule we are talking about now is 
illegal. It is not supported by the science, it is not supported by the tech-nical experience of the Corps of Engi-neers, and it is a political power grab. Thirty-one States—here is the chart— filed lawsuits against the WOTUS rule. If we don’t act to send this rule back, States, local governments, farmers, and landowners could face years of abuse by the EPA until the courts in-evitably strike the rule down. 
Believe me, it is inevitable that the 
rule will be overturned. I think we know that. That is not just my opin-ion. This is the conclusion of the two courts that have looked at this rule so far. 
On August 27, Judge Erickson of the 
District of North Dakota issued an in-junction that prevented the WOTUS rule from going into effect in 13 States. Oklahoma, my State, was not one of the 13 States. According to Judge Erickson—and this is her court—‘‘the rule allows EPA regulation of waters that do not bear any effect on the ‘chemical, physical and biological in-tegrity of any navigable-in-fact water.’’’ 
As a result, Judge Erickson con-
cluded this rule is ‘‘likely arbitrary and capricious.’’ That means it violates the law. That is what the judge said. 
Now, on October 9, the Sixth Circuit 
Court of Appeals reached the same con-clusion and issued a nationwide stay on the WOTUS rule. 
My committee has conducted a lot of 
oversight. I believe we have had six hearings so far. We have memoranda from the Army Corps of Engineers that document the fact that EPA is claim-ing the authority to assert Federal control wherever they want no matter what the science says or what the tech-nical or legal experts of the Corps say. So what we have is a rule that is not developed based on science or technical expertise. Instead, it is based on a po-litical goal to call everything a water of the United States. 
If we look at the chart that is set up 
right now, it is imperative we have to act right away. This is what we have 
right now around the country. 
Let me make this comment. I am 
very much concerned about this. The ones who want this the most are the farmers and the ranchers, and a lot of other people too, but my State of Okla-homa is a farm State, and I can re-member not too long a guy named Tom Buchanan. He was the chairman of the Oklahoma Farm Bureau. He said that, historically, it has not been this way. But as it is right now, the major prob-lem farmers and ranchers have in my State of Oklahoma is not anything that is found in the farm bill, it is the overregulation of the EPA. Of all of the regulations of the EPA that are over-regulating and putting farmers out of business, the one that is the worst is the waters of the United States rule. 
Let me share this with you, Mr. 
President. Five years ago, the lib-erals—those who want all the power in Washington—made an effort to take the word innavigable out. Historically, this has always been in the jurisdiction of the States, except for navigable waters. I understand that, and every-one else does too. So Senator Feingold from the Senate and Congressman Oberstar from the House got together and introduced a bill to take the word navigable out and give all the power to the Federal Government. Not only did we defeat their legislation, but they were both defeated in the next election. 
So this is a huge issue. It is one of 
regulation. It is one we need to go ahead with, since the courts have de-cided what is going to happen eventu-ally. We need to go ahead and pass this legislation or we are going to be work-ing in a direction that is contrary to our court system. 
I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me 
make it clear what this legislation would do. It is true it would stop the final rule on the waters of the United States that has been issued, but it would also change the underlying cri-teria in the Clean Water Act. So it not only blocks the rule from going for-ward, it weakens the Clean Water Act. So let me talk a little about both. 
The final rule on the waters of the 
United States that has been issued re-stores clarity to the enforcement of the Clean Water Act. It restores it to what was commonly understood before a se-ries of Supreme Court cases that really raised questions as to which water bod-ies, in fact, can be regulated under the Clean Water Act. The worst possible outcome is the lack of clarity because you don’t know. You don’t know what the rules are. 
The final rule that has been pro-
posed, and that now is final, would re-store that clarity to what was gen-erally understood to be waters of the United States. To say it in laymen’s 
terms, it is waters that lead to, in ef-fect, the water qualities of our streams and our waters and our lakes in Amer-ica. It affects public health. It affects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.005 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7686 November 3, 2015 
public health directly by the health of 
our waters of the United States, as well as providing the source for safe drink-ing waters. 
So what is at risk? If this final rule 
is blocked and does not become law, over half of our Nation’s stream miles are at risk of not being regulated under the Clean Water Act. Twenty million acres of wetlands are at risk of not being adequately regulated under the Clean Water Act. The drinking source for water for one out of three Ameri-cans would be at risk. 
So this legislation would not only 
block the implementation of the final rule, it would also weaken the Clean Water Act. It would drastically narrow the historic scope of the Clean Water Act, arbitrarily putting in nonsci-entific standards for how the rules would be developed. 
Mr. President, since the enactment of 
the Clean Water Act, every Congress has tried to strengthen the Clean Water Act, not weaken it. The Clean Water Act was a piece of bipartisan legislation passed in 1972. As Senator B
OXER pointed out, it was in response 
to rivers literally catching fire and dead zones being found in our lakes. 
In the Chesapeake Bay we had the 
first marine dead zone that we were trying to respond to. In San Francisco Bay we had PCBs at unacceptably high levels. That is why we passed the Clean Water Act. The legacy of every Con-gress should be to strengthen the Clean Water Act, to make sure we do have clean waters in the United States. If this legislation were to become law, the legacy of this Congress would be to weaken the Clean Water Act. I don’t think we want to do that. 
As I pointed out, this legislation not 
only rescinds the final clean water rule, but it really changes the goal of the Clean Water Act. Currently, the goal is to ‘‘restore and maintain the chemical, physical, and biological in-tegrity of the Nation’s waters.’’ That is science based. Instead, it would be changed to protect traditional navi-gable waters from pollution, which is a far different standard than dealing with the health issues of the waters of the United States. 
The arbiter of this would be the De-
partment of Agriculture on the hydrological science. They are not qualified to do that. It is not their field. As I will point out in detail, the regulatory structure for agriculture is not changed under this final Clean Water Act. And the bill would ignore hydrological science by requiring a continuous flow of water to be regu-lated, ignoring the fact that there are seasonal variations where you can have water flows that dry up for a period of time but which are still critically im-portant to the supply of clean water in the United States. It ignores the nexus test, which has been referred to in Su-preme Court cases, using adjacent water—next to navigable waters—with-out any definition of what ‘‘next to’’ means. It puts public health at risk. For all of those reasons, we don’t 
want to jeopardize and move back-wards on the Clean Water Act of 1972. We want to add to that. This piece of legislation would, in fact, move us in the wrong direction. 
I just want to, for one moment, talk 
about the Chesapeake Bay. The people of Maryland and the people of our re-gion know how important it is for our economy—the watermen who make their living off it and the recreational use of the bay. Millions of people every year depend upon the bay for their recreation. It is a way of life for our State and for our region. It is a na-tional treasure—the largest estuary in our hemisphere. And it depends upon receiving clean water supplies that come in from other States, not just Maryland. You can’t regulate the clean water of the Chesapeake Bay without having a national commitment to it because it knows no State boundary. That is why we need a strong Clean Water Act. 
I have heard my colleagues talk 
about agricultural farmers being against this. Well, farmers will not be harmed by the EPA’s final clean water rule. In fact, it actually is good for farmers because it provides certainty and clarity. In developing the rule, the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers listened carefully to input from the ag-ricultural community, the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture, and the State de-partments of agriculture. As Senator B
OXER pointed out, there were over 400 
meetings with stakeholders across the country. 
The act requires a permit if a pro-
tected water is going to be polluted or destroyed. However, agricultural ac-tivities such as planting, harvesting, and moving stock across streams have long been excluded from permitting, and that won’t change under the rule. In other words, farmers and ranchers won’t need a permit for normal agricul-tural activities to happen in or around those waters. 
The rule does preserve agricultural 
exemptions from permitting, including normal farming, silviculture and ranching practices. Those activities in-clude plowing, seeding, cultivating minor drainage, and harvesting for pro-duction of food, fiber, and forest prod-ucts. Soil and water conservation prac-tices in dry land are preserved. As to agricultural storm water discharges, there are no changes. Return flows from irrigated agriculture, construc-tion, and maintenance of farm and stock ponds or irrigation ditches on dry land are not regulated under this bill. Maintenance of drainage ditches is not regulated. Construction or mainte-nance of farm, forest, and temporary mining roads are not regulated. It en-sures that fields flooded for rice are ex-empt and can be used for water storage and bird habitat. 
The rule also does preserve and ex-
pand commonsense exclusions from ju-risdiction, including—this is ex-cluded—prior converted croplands, waste treatment systems, artificially 
irrigated areas that are otherwise dry land, artificial lakes or ponds con-structed in dry land, water-filled de-pressions created as a result of con-struction activities, and the list goes on and on. 
The rule does not—does not—protect 
any types of waters that have not his-torically been covered under the Clean Water Act. It does not add any new re-quirements for agriculture. It does not interfere with or change private prop-erty rights. It does not change policy on irrigation or water transfers. It does not address land use. It does not cover erosional features, such as gullies, rills, and nonwetland swells. 
In other words, we have maintained 
the historic exemptions for agriculture from the Clean Water Act. They are 
not expanded under this rule. 
So let me just cite a couple of quotes 
from people who are directly impacted by what is being done under the clean water rule and, of course, would be af-fected by the legislation before us. 
As to the small business community, 
I quote from David Levine, who is the CEO of the American Sustainable Busi-ness Council: 
The Clean Water Rule will give the busi-
ness community more confidence that streams and rivers will be protected. This is good for the economy and vital for busi-nesses that rely on clean water for their suc-cess. . . . Business owners want a consistent regulatory system based on sound science. That’s what this rule provides. 
Ben Rainbolt, executive director of 
the Rocky Mountain Farmers Union: 
Water is critical to the livelihood of family 
farms and ranches. The rule employs a com-monsense rationale for both clarifying what bodies of water and activities should fall under the Clean Water Act, as well as main-taining the existing exemptions for agri-culture. This rule will result in cleaner, safer water for agriculture, rural communities, and all who count on healthy streams and rivers. 
Andrew Lemley, government affairs 
representative, New Belgium Brewing: 
Our brewery and our communities depend 
on clean water. Beer is, after all, over 90 per-cent water and if something happens to our source water the negative affect on our busi-ness is almost unthinkable. . . . We all rely on responsible regulations that limit pollu-tion and protect water at its source. Over the past 23 years we’ve learned that when smart regulations and clean water exists for all, business thrives. 
I particularly like that one because 
we have all seen the ads on television about clean water. It affects small businesses. It affects all of our busi-nesses. 
I will conclude with those who de-
pend upon recreation, who strongly support the clean water rule and op-pose the legislation that is before us. 
I will quote from Andy Kurkulis, 
owner of Chicago Fly Fishing Outfit-ters and DuPage Fly Fishing Company: 
Anyone who has ever swam in our beau-
tiful Great Lakes, or fished or boated on our abundant rivers and waters has benefited im-measurably. Now is the time to raise our voices in support of clean water—our econ-omy, and future generations of hunters and anglers, depend on it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.030 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7687 November 3, 2015 
I think the verdict is clear. The rule 
which has been proposed will add to the protections the public deserves for pub-lic health and their drinking water. It is a sensible regulation. It is clearly under the authority of the Clean Water Act. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
legislation and certainly the cloture motion so that we don’t reject the rule and weaken the Clean Water Act. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate the opportunity today to move this legislation. It is bipartisan, and it protects our environment and helps small businesses all across the country. 
S. 1140, the Federal Water Quality 
Protection Act, is legislation I intro-duced, along with a number of Demo-cratic Senators—Senators D
ONNELLY , 
HEITKAMP , and M ANCHIN —and many 
other Senators. 
The Senator from California pre-
viously spoke. I would point out that the California Chamber of Commerce supports my legislation and the Cali-fornia Farm Bureau supports my legis-lation because this legislation will pro-tect our Nation’s navigable waters and the streams and wetlands that help our navigable waters stay clean. This bill is a testament to the hard work both sides of the aisle have done in achiev-ing an agreement on an environmental protection bill. 
Our rivers, our lakes, our wetlands, 
and all other waterways are among America’s most treasured resources. In my home State of Wyoming, we have some of the most beautiful rivers in the world—the Snake River, the Wind River, and dozens of others. People from around the world come to Wyo-ming to visit because we have an envi-ronmental landscape that is second to none. Anyone who has come to my State and experienced Yellowstone Na-tional Park, Grand Teton, and the Big Horn Mountains comes away with a sense that Wyoming is a pristine and beautiful place. It is what Wyoming sells, and it is what makes Wyoming so unique. 
The people of Wyoming are devoted 
to keeping our waterways safe. We want to preserve the water for our chil-dren and grandchildren. We understand there is a right way and a wrong way to do it. 
It is possible to have reasonable regu-
lations to help preserve our waterways while respecting the difference between State waters and Federal waters. This is the environmental legacy that my constituents want, and it is a legacy they have earned for their decades of sound management. It is the people of Wyoming who have kept Wyoming’s waterways pristine and beautiful. 
The EPA has now released new rules. 
The new rule is called the waters of the United States rule, WOTUS. This rule doesn’t work for the people of Wyo-ming. It most likely doesn’t work for any of your constituents, either—cer-tainly not for those who have to put a 
shovel in the ground to make a living. 
The courts have begun to weigh in 
with their concerns about this WOTUS rule, and they have actually given Con-gress and stakeholders a necessary pause. That is why we are here today. 
In August of this year, Judge 
Erickson of the District of North Da-kota issued an injunction that blocked the waters of the United States rule in 13 States. He did it because the rule-making record was, in the judge’s words, ‘‘inexplicable, arbitrary, and de-void of a reasoned process.’’ With re-gard to the rationale behind the EPA’s threshold for what is and is not Federal water, he stated: ‘‘On the record before the court, it appears that the standard is the right standard only because the Agencies say it is.’’ 
The U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Ap-
peals then put a nationwide stay on the rule on October 9 of this year. In grant-ing the stay, the court said, ‘‘The sheer breadth of the ripple effects caused by the Rule’s definitional changes counsel strongly in favor of maintaining the status quo for the time being.’’ So keep it as it is for the time being. The court added that ‘‘a stay temporarily si-lences the whirlwind of confusion that springs from uncertainty about the re-quirements of the new Rule and wheth-er they will survive legal testing.’’ 
So what the courts have basically 
done is said: Let Congress have time to act. 
We don’t have to sit on the sidelines 
and watch this rule slowly crumble under legal scrutiny. Contrary to some activist groups’ rhetoric, we are not facing an immediate environmental water pollution crisis. In fact, in grant-ing the stay, the Sixth Court stated that ‘‘neither is there any indication that the integrity of the nation’s water will suffer imminent injury if the new scheme is not immediately imple-mented and enforced.’’ They even called it a ‘‘scheme.’’ 
We now have the opportunity to do 
better, and to do better, we must act now. That is why we must take this op-portunity to pass the legislation before us that will have EPA do a new rule under a specific set of principles out-lined by Congress. These are principles that protect navigable waters and adja-cent wetlands, as well as farmers, ranchers, and other landowners. 
I know some Senators gave the ad-
ministration the benefit of the doubt with this rule despite concerns they heard from their constituents, and those Senators waited for the final re-sult before making a judgment to see if those concerns would be addressed. I am here to say that whatever conces-sions the EPA says they made to ad-dress some of these serious problems raised by their proposed rule, the EPA added new provisions in the final rule that greatly expand their authority. This is disappointing because I believe the great majority of Senators voiced concerns in the process, and those con-cerns fell on deaf ears. The EPA has produced a final rule worse than the 
one originally proposed. 
Here is an example. Instead of clari-
fying the difference between a stream and an erosion on the land, the rule de-fines ‘‘tributaries’’ to include anyplace where EPA thinks—where EPA thinks—it sees an ‘‘ordinary high- water mark.’’ What looks like, not what is; what looks like, what they 
think is this ordinary high-water mark. Even worse, EPA proposes to make those decisions from sitting at their desks using aerial photographs, laser-generated images, claiming that a visit to the location is not necessary. 
Under the rule, the Environmental 
Protection Agency also has the power to regulate something as ‘‘waters of the United States’’ if it falls within a 100-year floodplain or if it is within 4,000 feet of a navigable water or a trib-utary and the EPA claims there is a ‘‘significant nexus.’’ What is a signifi-cant nexus? Under this rule, a ‘‘signifi-cant nexus’’ can mean a water feature that provides ‘‘life cycle dependent aquatic habitat’’ for a species. So if you are drawing 4,000-foot circles around anything the EPA defines or identifies as a tributary—remember, 4,000 feet, so we are talking over 13 football fields long, and everywhere there is a potential aquatic habitat. So essentially almost the entire United States, according to this, would be un-derwater. Actually, 100 percent of the State of Virginia is under this jurisdic-tion and 99.7 percent of the State of Missouri falls within this area—under-water, if you will, according to the EPA guidelines. 
I would like to take a moment to 
talk about puddles because one of the previous speakers on the other side of the aisle talked about puddles. People know what they think about when they think about a puddle—like when it rains. The final rule does exempt pud-dles defined as ‘‘very small, shallow, and highly transitory pools of water that forms on pavement or uplands during or immediately after a rain-storm or similar precipitation event.’’ I guess that would mean like when the snow melts. The rule specifically does take control over other pools of water created by rain, like those we have all around Wyoming—prairie potholes, vernal pools—even if the land where these pools of water form is far away from any navigable water or even a tributary. Under this new regulation, nearly all of these pools of water cre-ated by rain will now be considered ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ giving the Environmental Protection Agency the power to regulate what you do on that land. These provisions are sweep-ing and will create uncertainty in com-munities all across the country. 
There is plenty that I have already 
outlined in the waters of the United States rule that is bad for agriculture, with the many methods it provides for federalizing previously State-con-trolled water. The States have made these decisions in the past. Now we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.013 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7688 November 3, 2015 
adding another level of government bu-
reaucracy. 
This rule is bad for agriculture, for 
those people who produce our food. Farmers, ranchers, and others are used to working with their States to protect their land and water under their own stewardship. 
We heard from the Senator from 
California about groups opposing this, but 480 different groups support this bill, and they are major national groups: the American Farm Bureau, the Agricultural Retailers Association, the American Soybean Association, the American Sugar Alliance, the Milk Producers Council, the National Asso-ciation of Wheat Growers, the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the Na-tional Chicken Council, the National Corn Growers Association, the Na-tional Council of Farmer Cooperatives, the National Pork Producers Council, the National Turkey Federation, the U.S. Poultry and Egg Association, the United Egg Producers, the USA Rice Federation. I could go on and on. These are the food producers of America. They support the legislation in front of the Senate today. 
The point is, not one State, not a sin-
gle State in this country is out there that doesn’t have a strong agriculture presence. We all do. So I urge all Sen-ators to make sure, as they prepare to vote on this motion to proceed, that they check with their folks at home. 
I would also note that many indus-
tries outside of agriculture are con-cerned with the rule as well. These in-clude manufacturers, homebuilders, small businesses—you name it. They are all very concerned with this rule, and they want Congress to act now. 
Action could mean Congress can pass 
a Congressional Review Act resolution, which will be considered possibly later in the process, but that would elimi-nate the WOTUS rule and prevent a substantially similar rule from being proposed. That would allow for a new rule as long as it was not substantially similar to the existing rule. We need to vote on this resolution. 
I believe S. 1140 is a better route, the 
one we have here today. This is a bipar-tisan compromise. This is the bill that has a number of Senators from the Democratic side of the aisle cospon-soring the legislation. Most impor-tantly, this piece of legislation on the floor today allows for Congress to es-tablish the principles—Congress to es-tablish the principles—of what the new EPA would look like. 
I know a number of Democrats have 
ideas to improve the legislation that is on the floor today specific for their own States. If my colleagues vote to proceed to the motion to proceed at 2:30 this afternoon, we will have an open amendment process that would allow Members to improve S. 1140 in a bipartisan way. We are willing to work 
with anyone who wants to improve this rule in a bipartisan way. But let’s not sit on the sidelines anymore. 
Rather than support an EPA final 
rule that actually makes it worse and was worse than the proposed rule—a 
rule that will likely not survive legal scrutiny based on what we saw from the courts, a rule that doesn’t rep-resent the interests of our farmers, ranchers, families, small businesses, and communities—let’s move forward with the bipartisan Federal Water Quality Protection Act to ensure the public that we hear and we understand their concerns. 
At the same time, let’s give EPA and 
the Army Corps the certainty they need to confidently move forward with a new rule—a rule that truly reflects the needs of the constituents we rep-resent. Let’s protect our Nation’s wa-terways for the long term. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE: Mr. President, 
the famous Republican Senator from Rhode Island John Chafee, who was one of the authors of the Clean Water Act, would be sorry to see what has become of his party today and what is being done to the Clean Water Act that so many Republicans worked so hard on for over so many years. The pretense is that some evil bureaucratic force at the EPA has leapt out to take over American farmers and ranchers. That is not what has happened. 
The Supreme Court made decisions 
about what the Clean Water Act says, defining the navigable waters of the United States, and the EPA had to fol-low the Supreme Court’s guidance, which they did. I believe they have been faithful to that Supreme Court guidance. They went through more than 1,000 peer-reviewed scientific pub-lications. They did 400 public meetings. They had over 1 million comments on the proposed rule. Guess what. The vast majority of those comments were in support of the rule. 
What we have here is not some DC 
bureaucratic evil presence against ranchers and farmers across the coun-try. What we have here is a fight be-tween upstream and downstream. 
As Senator B
ARRASSO very plainly 
said a moment ago, the big players in this are the big special interests in ag-riculture, the big pork producers with their ginormous manure lagoons, and the big commercial AG conglomerates. If you want to be with them fine, but let’s not pretend this is about pro-tecting little ranchers and farmers. 
This is about upstream versus down-
stream. I come from Rhode Island. I am from a downstream State. I have to say that if I were in big agriculture and I saw this rule, instead of coming in here and whining and complaining and yanking people’s chains in order to get changes made, I would grab this rule and run like a bank robber because this bill does so much for upstream agri-culture at the expense of downstream fishermen, downstream aquaculture, and the downstream health of our riv-ers and bays. All agricultural exemp-tions and exclusions from Clean Water Act requirements that have existed for nearly 40 years have been retained. We 
have learned a little bit since then about what goes on. 
One place I recently went to was 
Ohio. I spent the weekend in Ohio doing one of my climate tours of the difficult States of the Union. In Ohio, I went to Port Clinton on Lake Erie. I was taken by the folks from Stone Lab-oratory and from some of the leading charter captains in this area off to the Bass Islands just offshore. They told me about the algal bloom that took place in the Toledo area. Technically, this was not an algal bloom. Tech-nically, it was cyanotic bacteria; it was a bacterial bloom. It was so thick that the fishing captains described how their boats slowed down in the muck. It was like running a powerboat through pudding. 
Toledo had to stop providing fresh-
water to its citizens and spent millions of dollars having to import freshwater and provide bottled water. Lake Erie is 2 percent of the water of all the Great Lakes with 50 percent of the fish. Two percent of the water and 50 percent of the fish in the Great Lakes are in Lake Erie. It has a robust fishing economy for walleyes and perch. The folks who go out and make this their livelihood don’t think it is very funny because this whole watershed feeds down into Lake Erie. 
Because of climate change, phos-
phorous has driven rain bursts. The rains have powered up in this area. So the phosphorous is washing off the farmers’ fields and is coming down, and that is what is creating the cyanotic bacterial bloom in Lake Erie. 
This upstream stuff makes a big dif-
ference to people who are downstream. Wyoming doesn’t have a lot of down-stream. Wyoming is a landlocked State, so I appreciate why the Senator is so enthusiastic about this. But for those of us who are downstream, this is a rule that, frankly, is too weak. The fact that we have to stand here and fight it from getting even weaker— from putting our rivers and our bays at even more risk—is very unfortunate. It is not just phosphorous. Phosphorous is what happens to drive the bacteria growth in Lake Erie. It is insecticides, it is nitrogen, and they are doing im-mense damage in our waterways. 
I will conclude where I began. If you 
are Big Agriculture and this is your special interest bill, you ought to run for it. Don’t waste your time on this. Grab this existing Clean Water Act bill, and go for it like a bank robber with his money because you got away with being able to continue to do im-mense damage to downstream re-sources without any regulation at all. To now be here complaining—it is real-ly amazing to those of us who are rep-resenting downstream States, down-stream interests, downstream fisheries, downstream bays, and all the catchment areas such as Lake Erie that get clobbered as a result of pollut-ants that flow into our waters. 
I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.015 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7689 November 3, 2015 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I wish 
to join my colleagues in support of the clean water rule issued by the Environ-mental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers and in opposi-tion to efforts to derail this critical rule. 
Clean water is the lifeblood of our so-
ciety and the basic foundation of good public health. Our rivers, streams, and wetlands connect communities near and far through a common resource. For decades, the Clean Water Act has protected our waters from pollution so that Americans can rely on safe drink-ing water, can enjoy outdoor recre-ation, and can live in an environment that supports wildlife and a healthy ecosystem. 
However, for the last 15 years uncer-
tainty has muddied the Clean Water Act. The lack of clarity for which bod-ies of water are federally regulated has led the Army Corps of Engineers to a backlog of 18,000 requests from land-owners seeking help in complying with the Clean Water Act. The new clean water rule resolves this uncertainty for our local governments, our businesses, and our farmers by clarifying which waters should be protected so that all Americans can rely on clean water. The rule restores historic coverage of the Clean Water Act for streams and wetlands that provide drinking water for one-third of Americans. 
As one who has experienced the many 
benefits of the Chesapeake Bay my whole life, I know just how important it is to preserve and protect the world around us for future generations. The clean water rule would restore protec-tions for more than half of Maryland’s streams and many of its wetlands. Clean water means healthy families, healthy marine life to support Mary-land watermen, and a healthy environ-ment. The clean water rule is crucial to the health of the Chesapeake Bay and to countless other bodies of water in the United States. Let’s stand up for our Nation’s clean water and reject these attempts to derail the clean water rule. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I 
join many of my colleagues in opposing S. 1140 and S.J. Res. 22. 
These measures would block or nul-
lify the clean water rule, which seeks to safeguard our water and restore pro-tections to drinking water sources for one in three Americans, according to the EPA, under the authority of the Clean Water Act. 
The clean water rule helps to clarify 
ambiguities stemming from the 2001 and 2006 Supreme Court decisions that made the scope of the Clean Water Act uncertain. 
This lack of protection has taken its 
toll, especially for wetlands and inter-mittent and headwater streams, slow-ing permitting decisions for respon-sible development, and reducing pro-tections for drinking water supplies and critical habitat. 
According to the National Parks 
Conservation Association, over 117 mil-lion Americans, including many visi-
tors to national parks, get their drink-ing water from surface waters. 
This includes many Rhode Islanders 
who get their drinking water from sources that rely on small streams that are protected by the clean water rule. 
If Congress blocks the clean water 
rule, Rhode Island’s streams and mil-lions of acres of wetlands nationwide will again be at risk from pollution and degradation or destruction from devel-opment, oil and gas production, and other industrial activities. 
Blocking this rule would potentially 
imperil drinking water sources, as well as the small businesses and commu-nities that rely on clean water. 
Thousands of acres of wetlands that 
provide flood protection, recharge groundwater supplies, filter pollution, and provide essential wildlife habitat are safeguarded under the clean water rule, including many of Rhode Island’s streams, wetlands, waterways, and the bay. 
Additionally, the clean water rule 
seeks to protect small streams and wetlands that support fish, wildlife, and recreational areas. 
We depend on clean water to drink, 
and our economy depends on clean water from manufacturing to farming to tourism to recreation to energy pro-duction and more to function and flourish. 
We must make clean water a priority 
throughout the nation. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
clean water rule and vote ‘‘no’’ on both S. 1140 and S.J. Res. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today in support of bipartisan legisla-tion to fix intrusive regulation that will hurt job growth and that threatens to place a large share of our Nation’s farmers, ranchers, and small businesses in the regulatory grip of the EPA. This burdensome regulation is the EPA and Army Corps’ final rule on the waters of the United States. The bill to fix it is called the Federal Water Quality Pro-tection Act. That is the bill we are seeking to proceed to today so that we can debate it, amend it, and pass it to deal with this onerous regulation. 
The burdensome regulation we are 
talking about, of course, is the EPA and Army Corps’ final rule on waters of the United States. The Federal Water Quality Protection Act is legislation to address it. It was authored by my good friend from Wyoming Senator B
AR-
RASSO , and I cosponsored this legisla-
tion, along with many others on our side of the aisle. This is also a bipar-tisan bill with our colleagues from across the aisle as well. This is bipar-tisan legislation. It has had bipartisan input, and I encourage Members on both sides of the aisle to proceed to this legislation. Let’s have this very important debate on behalf of our farmers, ranchers, and so many other job creators across this country. As I say, let’s offer amendments and have our votes, but we need to deal with this 
very important legislation for the ben-efit of the American people. 
This waters of the United States 
final rule greatly expands the scope of the Clean Water Act regulation over America’s streams and wetlands. It is a real power grab by the EPA, and it ex-ceeds the statutory authority of the EPA. The Supreme Court has found that Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act extends the ‘‘navi-gable waters.’’ I don’t think anyone is arguing about the EPA’s ability to reg-ulate navigable bodies of water like the Missouri River, in my State, but the Supreme Court has also made clear that not all bodies of water are under the EPA’s jurisdiction. Yet, under the administration’s final rule, all water located within 4,000 feet of any other water, or within the 100-year flood plain, is considered a water of the United States as long as the EPA or the Army Corps of Engineers decides it has a ‘‘significant nexus’’ to that navi-gable water in the opinion of either the Corps or the EPA. 
These agencies define significant 
nexus so that almost any body of water qualifies. For instance, if an area can hold rainwater or has water that can seep into ground water, which is al-most any water anywhere, then there is significant nexus, according the EPA or the Army Corps of Engineers, not to mention the fact that areas like the Prairie Pothole region in my State of North Dakota are specifically targeted as waters of the United States. The re-sult is that the vast majority of the Nation’s water features are located within 4,000 feet of a covered body of water. 
If this expansive rule sounds out of 
bounds to you, you are not alone. In fact, the waters of the United States rule is such an overreach by the EPA and the Corps that 31 States are suing to overturn it, including my State of North Dakota, which has led a lawsuit brought by 13 of those 31 States. 
When granting a preliminary injunc-
tion against this rule, the North Da-kota Federal District Court stated that ‘‘the rule allows EPA regulation of waters that do not bear any effect on the ‘chemical, physical and biological integrity’ of any navigable-in-fact water.’’ It went further to state that ‘‘the rule asserts jurisdiction over waters that are remote and intermit-tent waters. No evidence actually points to how these intermittent and remote wetlands have any nexus to navigable-in-fact water.’’ 
Meanwhile, the Sixth Circuit Court 
in Cincinnati, OH, issued a nationwide stay of the rule, citing that the EPA and the Corps did not identify ‘‘specific scientific support substantiating the reasonableness of the bright-line stand-ards they ultimately chose.’’ 
This waters of the United States rule 
is clearly flawed from a legal perspec-tive, but I think it is even more impor-tant to take a look at how this rule, if allowed to be implemented, will affect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.035 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7690 November 3, 2015 
hard-working Americans with exces-
sive regulation. 
For those of you who haven’t had the 
opportunity to visit with a farmer from my State of North Dakota, know that dealing with excess water is a common issue, a daily issue, to say the least. Those farmers can tell you that if there is water in a ditch or a field one week, it doesn’t mean there will be water there the next week. It certainly doesn’t make that water worthy of being treated the same as a river. 
A field with a low spot that has 
standing water during a rainy week and happens to be located near a ditch does not warrant Clean Water Act reg-ulation from a legal or, more impor-tantly, from a simple commonsense standpoint. 
The Corps and EPA have responded 
to these concerns by saying they are exempting dozens of conservation prac-tices, but these exemptions cover farm-ers and ranchers only for changes made before 1977 or for changes that don’t disturb any water or land now consid-ered to be a water of the United States. In other words, if you need a new Clean Water Act permit, you are not going to qualify for the EPA’s exemption under this rule. Moreover, the exemption does not cover all Clean Water Act per-mits. 
Because of this rule, the farmer with 
the low spot in the field next to a ditch, described above, may now be sued under the Clean Water Act’s Sec-tion 402 National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System. This farmer now faces the risk of litigation costs for the United States of everyday weed control and fertilizer applicants, among other essential farming activities. 
Farmers and ranchers are far from 
the only job creators who will suffer under this rule. In fact, the Small Busi-ness Administration Office of Advocacy has expressed concern about the im-pact it will have on other small busi-nesses as well. 
I am so concerned about this rule 
that I have led the effort on our Appro-priations Committee to stop the rule in its tracks. We were successful in in-cluding language in the committee- passed Interior-EPA Appropriations bill to do just that. The Federal Water Quality Protection Act, however, offers a long-term solution by vacating the waters of the United States rule and sending the EPA and the Corps back to the drawing board to develop a new rule with instructions to consult with States, local governments, and small businesses. 
America’s farmers, ranchers, and en-
trepreneurs go to work every day to build a stronger nation. Thanks to these hard-working men and women, we live in a country where there is af-fordable food at the grocery store and where a dynamic private sector offers Americans the opportunity to achieve a brighter future. The Federal Govern-ment should be doing all it can to em-power those who grow our food and cre-ate jobs. Yet, instead, regulators are stifling growth with burdensome regu-
lations that generate cost and uncer-tainty. The final rule on the waters of the United States produced by the EPA and the Corps to regulate virtually every body of water—pretty much water anywhere in the United States— is not the way to go. Let’s stop this regulation. Please join me in voting to proceed to the Federal Water Quality Protection Act. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Senator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I come 
before the Senate to talk about the waters of the United States rule and the legislation pending before us, S. 1140. I hope we can proceed to the bill. This is an important issue. Obviously, the definition of the waters of the United States sets the rules of the game of who is covered under the Clean Water Act. As has been stated, several Supreme Court decisions over the past decade and a half have created a lot of uncertainty for landowners and those who work the land who aren’t sure whether they will be regulated. Regu-lated entities need a rule that is con-sistent and that has some predict-ability. That is not what we are get-ting with this rule. 
The rule issued on June 29 defines ju-
risdiction very broadly, as we heard, especially when it comes to streams that don’t flow year round, intermit-tent, ephemeral streams, of which Ari-zona has many. Several scientists who have been involved in the rulemaking process have told my staff that there is a disagreement between what the science says and what this rule says. Science says that some streams are strongly connected and others are not. There is a so-called spectrum of connectivity, but this rule assumes they are all strongly connected. 
Let me show a picture of a stream. 
This is Dan Bell, a rancher in southern Arizona, near the border of Santa Cruz County, standing on a streambed or a dry wash or arroyo that will likely be covered under this rule. Like Dan, I grew up on a ranch in northern Ari-zona. My whole life I have ridden through a 7-mile draw, a 9-mile wash. The topography of the land was named for some of these dry washes, but they only had water after a good rain which lasted a few minutes and that was it. Those will likely, under the definition of this new rule, be defined as waters of the United States. 
If you can imagine what ranchers and 
other agricultural users are feeling right now, thinking that the Federal Government, in regulating what goes on with these streambeds or these dry washes, is going to step in on other State regulations that already exist. 
On August 27, a Federal district 
court judge blocked the implementa-tion in 13 States, including Arizona, saying that ‘‘it appears likely that the EPA has violated its congressional grant of authority in its promulgation of the rule at issue.’’ As we know, on October 9 the Sixth Circuit Court of 
Appeals stayed the rule nationwide. There is not consensus, obviously, on what this rule does or does not do. 
In internal memos, the Army Corps 
of Engineers assistant chief counsel of environmental and regulatory pro-grams highlighted a number of ‘‘seri-ous areas of concern’’ with the rule, in-cluding the ‘‘assertion of jurisdiction over every stream bed,’’ which would have ‘‘the effect of asserting Clean Water Act jurisdiction over many thousands of miles of dry washes and arroyos in the desert southwest.’’ 
When you hear people stand and say 
that it will not affect dry washes, that is not what the rule says. We need clar-ification. We need to pass this legisla-tion. We need to actually invoke clo-ture so we can debate it and ultimately pass it. This is a bipartisan measure that will address this issue and will ul-timately provide a new rule that has the consistency and uniformity that those who work the land really need. Arizona will benefit from it, and the entire country will benefit from it. 
With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from South Da-
kota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, Ameri-
cans have had a tough time during the Obama administration with a sluggish economic recovery that is barely wor-thy of the name, stagnant wages for middle-class families, a health care law that ripped away millions of Ameri-cans’ preferred health care plans, and burdensome regulations that have made it more challenging for busi-nesses, large and small, to grow and create jobs. 
One Agency has done more than its 
fair share to make things difficult for Americans, and that is the Obama EPA. During the course of the Obama administration, this Agency has imple-mented one damaging rule after an-other—from a massive national back-door energy tax that threatens hun-dreds of thousands of jobs to unreal-istic new ozone standards that have the potential to devastate State econo-mies. Reputed rebukes from various Federal courts have done little to check the EPA’s enthusiasm for crip-pling, job-destroying regulations. 
This week, the Senate is taking up 
legislation introduced by my colleague from Wyoming Senator B
ARRASSO to 
address one of the EPA’s biggest over-reaches—the so-called waters of the United States regulation. The EPA has long had authority under the Clean Water Act to regulate ‘‘navigable waters,’’ such as rivers, lakes, and major waterways. The inclusion of the term ‘‘navigable’’ in the Clean Water Act was deliberate. It was deliberate. The reason it was put there is because Congress intended to put limits—real limits—on the Federal Government’s authority to regulate water and to leave the regulation of smaller bodies of water to the States. Defining the waters to be regulated as navigable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.017 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7691 November 3, 2015 
waters ensured that the Federal Gov-
ernment’s authority would be limited to bodies of water of substantial size and would not infringe on minor bodies of water on private land, but over the last few years it became clear the EPA was eager to expand its reach. 
The waters of the United States regu-
lation, which the EPA finalized this year, expands the EPA’s regulatory au-thority to waters such as small wet-lands, creeks, stock ponds, and ditches—bodies of water that certainly don’t fit the definition of ‘‘navigable.’’ It specifically targets the prairie pot-hole region, which covers five States, including nearly all of eastern South Dakota. 
If we look at this chart, this is some-
thing that is a very normal landscape in South Dakota. It is a field that one would see in South Dakota, and of course when it gets some rain, some of the low-lying areas get a little water in them, but this is basically a puddle. If we look at what the regulation would do to the way in which farmers and ranchers manage and are able to use their lands for production agriculture, it has some profound impacts. 
We are not talking about lakes and 
rivers. We are talking about small, iso-lated ponds that ranchers use to water their cattle or prairie potholes that are dry for most of the year but do collect some water after heavy rains and snows along the lines of what we see in this photo. Under this regulation, even dry creekbeds could be subject to the EPA’s regulatory authority. That is how far-reaching this regulation is. 
Let me talk about that authority for 
just a minute. When we talk about a body of water coming under the EPA’s regulatory authority, we are not talk-ing about having to follow a couple of basic rules and regulations. Waters that come under the EPA’s jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act are subject to a complex array of expensive and burdensome regulatory requirements, including permitting and reporting re-quirements, enforcement, mitigation, and citizen suits. Fines for failing to comply with any of these requirements and regulations, such as the one that is now being filed by the EPA, can accu-mulate at the rate of $37,500 per day. 
Under the EPA’s new waters of the 
United States rule, creeks and ditches would be subject to this complex array of regulations. The irrigation ditches in a farmer’s cornfield, for example— ditches where the water level rarely ex-ceeds a couple of inches—would be sub-ject to extensive regulatory require-ments, including costly permits and time-consuming reports. Needless to say, these kinds of requirements will hit farmers and ranchers hard. Agri-culture is a time-sensitive business, and these types of requirements would strain a farmer’s ability to fertilize, plant, and irrigate their crops when the seasons and weather conditions dic-tate. 
Farmers can’t afford to wait for a 
Federal permit before carrying out basic land and resource management 
decisions. I have received numerous letters from South Dakota farmers and ranchers, as well as local governments, expressing their concern with the EPA’s new rule. One constituent writes: 
We live in Deuel County, South Dakota, 
where we raise cattle and plant wheat, al-falfa, corn, and soybeans. . . . Our land con-sists of rolling hills and many shallow low spots. . . . According to the new rules, our entire farm would be under the jurisdiction of the EPA. . . . 
That same constituent goes on to 
say: 
Mandatory laws by the EPA are just wrong 
and are often written and enforced by some-one who has never lived or worked on a farm and doesn’t understand how the forces of na-ture cannot be dictated. The weather is often extreme, and we must work with it. . . . Under this rule, it will be more difficult to farm and ranch, or make changes to the land even if those changes would benefit the envi-ronment. 
That is from a constituent from my 
State of South Dakota. 
Another constituent, also from my 
home State, said: 
[O]ur business is going to be put into acute 
peril if the EPA is not stopped. . . . By re-moving the word ‘‘navigable’’ from the Clean Water Act, they will be in control of EVERY drop of water in the United States, which is disastrous for those of us engaged in farming and ranching. 
This is from the Pennington County 
Board of Commissioners in South Da-kota. Pennington County is the second largest county and home to our second largest city, Rapid City. They wrote: 
In addition to tourism, agriculture is a 
critical piece of our local economy. . . . This proposal would cause significant hardships to local farmers and ranchers by taking away local control of the land uses. The costs to the local agricultural community would be enormous. This would lead to food and cattle prices increasing significantly. 
The board also warned: 
If stormwater costs significantly increased 
due to this proposed rule, not only will it im-pact our ability to focus our available re-sources on real, priority water quality issues, but it may also require funds to be di-verted from other government services that we are required to provide such as law en-forcement, fire protection services, etc. 
I have received letter after letter like 
these from farmers, ranchers, business owners, and local governments across my State, and they are not alone. Con-cern is high across all of the United States. That is why 31 States have filed lawsuits against the EPA’s regulations, as have a number of industry groups. The courts have already granted them some temporary relief. Last month, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals ex-panded an earlier injunction and blocked implementation of the EPA’s rule in all 50 States, but a final deci-sion of the courts could be years away. 
To protect Americans affected by 
this rule from years of litigation and uncertainty, this week the Senate is taking up the Federal Water Quality Protection Act, introduced by Senator B
ARRASSO , which would require the EPA to return to the drawing board 
and write a new waters of the United States rule in consultation with States, local governments, agricultural producers, and small businesses. It seems only fitting that you actually ought to consult with the people who are impacted by this. If that had hap-pened, maybe there wouldn’t be 31 States that have already filed lawsuits against the Federal Government, and maybe we wouldn’t have all of these local governments, agricultural pro-ducers, small businesses, homeowners, and developers that are mortified about the impact this will have on them. 
In my time in Washington, I have 
never seen an issue that has so galva-nized opposition all across the country. Sometimes there might be an issue that might affect a specific area or in-dustry sector in our economy, such as agriculture. We talk a lot about those issues in my State because this is our No. 1 industry, but there is rarely an issue which generates opposition from so many sectors of our economy. That is how far-reaching this regulation is. Arguably, this is the largest Federal land grab in our Nation’s history. 
What the legislation also does is ex-
plicitly prohibits the EPA from count-ing things like ditches, isolated ponds, and storm water as navigable waters that it can regulate under the Clean Water Act. It takes away these things we are talking about—the stock ponds, ditches, and frankly the puddles—from areas that the EPA can assert its juris-diction in and regulate. 
Everybody agrees on the importance 
of clean water. Farmers in my State depend on it, and the legislation we are considering today will ensure that the EPA retains the authority to make sure our lakes and rivers are clean and pollutant-free. Members of both parties should be able to agree that allowing the EPA to regulate what frequently amounts to seasonal puddles is taking things a step too far. The cost of this rule will be steep, and its burdens will be significant, impacting those who have an inherent interest in properly managing their water to protect their livelihoods and health. 
Back in March, a bipartisan group of 
59 Senators voted to limit the EPA’s waters of the United States power grab, and 3 Democratic Senators are cosponsors of the legislation before us today. It is my hope that more will join us to protect farmers, ranchers, small businesses, and homeowners from the consequences of the EPA’s dan-gerous new rule. 
Americans have suffered enough 
under the Obama EPA. It is time to start reining in this out-of-control bu-reaucracy. I hope we will have a big bi-partisan vote today in support of the legislation before the Senate. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
whether you are a farmer or a small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.019 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7692 November 3, 2015 
business owner, a Republican, a Demo-
crat or someone who works at the EPA, we all want clean water. If we are going to ensure that our clean water protections are effective, we need to work together and we need to use the feedback from the people who work with the land every single day. Unfor-tunately, the EPA’s waters of the 
United States rule was written without sufficient collaboration with some of the people who care about this rule the most—our farmers, our small business owners, our cities and States. As a re-sult, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit has blocked the imple-mentation of the waters of the United States rule, known as WOTUS, nation-wide. 
This ruling was in line with the con-
cerns we have raised all along. When you write a rule without significant input from all of those impacted, in-cluding our farmers, ranchers, small business owners, and local govern-ments, legal challenges are inevitable. Instead of further lengthy and costly court battles, Congress should act to clarify the coverage of the Clean Water Act or the courts will do that job in-stead of us. It is time to roll up our sleeves and provide to our ag pro-ducers, conservationists, and county and local governments the regulatory certainty they need to continue efforts to improve water quality. 
That is why I was proud to help au-
thor and introduce the Federal Water Quality Protection Act with a bipar-tisan group of Senators, including Sen-ator J
OHN BARRASSO , a Republican 
from Wyoming, Senator H EIDI 
HEITKAMP , a Democrat from North Da-
kota, and Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL , a Republican from 
Kentucky. 
Most Hoosiers believe we can get 
more accomplished when we work to-gether, and I have worked across the aisle on what I believe is a very respon-sible solution. I hope today we will continue this debate. It will be dif-ficult, but we have the ability to get this right. If Congress fails to act, our ag community will be faced with con-tinued confusion and uncertainty, and we will not have strengthened our ef-forts to protect the waters of this country. 
The WOTUS rule is a perfect example 
of the disconnect between Washington and the Hoosier ag community, farm-ers and ranchers around our country, small businesses, and our families. No one wants cleaner water or healthier land more than the families who live on those farms and who work on our farms every single day right next to those waters—the same waters their children play and swim in and with which they work every day. That is why countless Hoosier farmers are frustrated that Washington bureau-crats are calling the shots rather than working together with our ag commu-nity and our families to develop sen-sible environmental protection. This can be done if it is done the right way. In Indiana we are already leading in 
many agricultural conservation and environmental protection efforts. We have more farmers than ever before doing things such as planting cover crops and using no-till farming tech-niques that keep soil in the fields and keep the inputs in the fields. We are leading the Nation in cover crop ef-forts. It is voluntary, and it is part of a program to make sure our waters— our rivers and streams—are cleaner. This is being done by people, not by bu-reaucrats. 
Let’s have some faith and confidence 
in the people of this country and in the wisdom of our ag community in Indi-ana and in every other State. If we 
work with our friends and our neigh-bors, we can do even more to improve water quality. 
Listen to farmers such as Mike 
Shuter and Mark Legan. Mike is an In-diana Corn Growers Association mem-ber from Frankton, IN, who won the National Corn Growers Association Good Steward Award this year for sus-tainable corn farming practices. Mike said: 
I want clean drinking water for my wife, 
kids, and grandkids. We work hard to reduce the amount of pesticides, insecticides, and fertilizer on our farm. The EPA is going too far by attempting to unilaterally claim ju-risdiction over my farmland. 
Mark Legan is a farmer who received 
the American Soybean Association’s Conservation Legacy Award in 2013. Here is what he had to say: 
Farmers have been good stewards of the 
land for generations. We have found ways to produce more while using less pesticides and fertilizers. Waters of the U.S. gives the EPA one-sided jurisdiction over our ditches and fields, makes it more difficult to grow crops, and makes it harder to feed the world. 
After hearing these frustrations from 
Hoosier ag producers and from local and county governments about this rule, and because I am the hired help not only for Indiana but for our coun-try, we wrote the Federal Water Qual-ity Protection Act. The intention is to strike a reasonable, bipartisan com-promise—what a unique concept. It is the concept that our country has been built on. The legislation is simple: Focus on common science principles to shape a final rule and to require straightforward procedures that the EPA skipped the first time. These are steps the EPA should have done in the first place, such as reviewing economic and small business impacts. 
The bill is not designed to destroy or 
delay the rule. In fact, our bill asks the EPA to complete its rule by December 31 of next year. There is no long hide- the-ball game being played here. We want to have this done by the end of next year. 
The legislation includes explicit pro-
tections for waters that almost every-one agrees should be covered. If a body of water impacts the quality of the Wa-bash or Kankakee Rivers, the Great Lakes or anything similar, our bill pro-tects those waters. It protects com-monsense exemptions for isolated ponds and agricultural or roadside 
ditches—most of which the EPA has in-dicated they never intended to cover. 
We require consultation with stake-
holders such as States and the ag com-munity, including soil and water con-servation districts. Giving the EPA principles, procedure, and a clear dead-line this bipartisan effort is meant to be constructive. 
I urge my colleagues, Republican and 
Democrat, to allow us to consider the bipartisan Federal Water Quality Pro-tection Act. It is our obligation to de-bate this important issue. I am con-fident a bipartisan majority of my Sen-ate colleagues will support this com-monsense bipartisan bill. 
This much I promise: I will continue 
to push Congress to pass a permanent solution. We will never stop advocating on behalf of Indiana’s farmers and fam-ilies, ranchers and small businesses, and those of the entire country. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, first of 
all I want to thank my colleague, who has been working so hard on this. It af-fects Indiana, West Virginia, and every State in the Union. I hope people real-ize what is going on. This isn’t a par-tisan issue. This is definitely a bipar-tisan issue, and it affects everybody in our State. 
I want to thank Senator M
ARKEY for 
allowing me to speak for a few min-utes. I have a funeral in Arlington to attend for one of our dear soldiers. 
I have spoken on the Senate floor 
many times before about the burdens the EPA has continued to impose on hard-working families and hard-work-ing people in West Virginia. Today, however, I am not speaking about the mining jobs I have spoken about so much. I am speaking about everyday West Virginians. If you have any prop-erty whatsoever, if you have a small business or a large business, if you come from any walk of life, if you are in agriculture or are a small farmer or are in large agriculture, this affects you. This allows the overreach of the government, as we have talked about so many times. 
If you are a government agency, if 
you are a city, a small town, if you are a county, any decisions you make will 
be affected or could be affected. If im-posed, the agency’s waters of the United States rule, known as WOTUS, would have a harmful impact all over this great country. Again, the WOTUS rule will not just impact certain indus-tries; it impacts everybody. The EPA wrote these rules without consulting some of the people who care about clean water the most—everyday West Virginians and Americans all across this great country. The WOTUS rule would impose heavy financial penalties on all of us, including our small busi-ness owners, farmers, manufacturers, and property owners. 
If you have ever seen the terrain of 
West Virginia, we are the most moun-tainous State east of the Mississippi. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.022 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7693 November 3, 2015 
There is very little flat land whatso-
ever. So anything can be affected and everybody will be affected. Whether you build a home, have a small busi-
ness or are a little city or community, you are going to be affected. If they can show on an aerial map that there used to be a river or stream of any kind, that comes under their jurisdic-tion. If anyone thinks differently—that it is not going to happen—this is ex-actly what is going to happen. That is why all of these small towns and the counties in rural America are totally opposed to this. 
There is nobody I know of who 
doesn’t want clean drinking water. With that, we are not saying that the Federal Government shouldn’t have oversight on all of our waters that are for drinking, are navigable and/or rec-reational. In fact, I live on the water, so I know what it is to have the clean waters in our streams and rivers. This is not what we are talking about. 
As my good friend from Indiana and 
my good friend from North Dakota are going to be talking about, this affects everybody. It affects every puddle, ditch, and every runoff—you name it; it affects it—and that means it affects all of our lives. They are going to say: Don’t worry. We are not going to do all that. We are going to exempt it. 
We have heard that one before—until 
it is something they don’t like, until basically it gives them a chance to shut down something. I have farmers who are concerned about basically the crops they grow, the wildlife, the poul-try and the livestock they have to care for. All of this could be affected. We fought this before. 
The Supreme Court instruction is to 
clarify the Clean Water Act jurisdic-tion over bodies of water in use. This proposal goes too far. In fact, the Su-preme Court has already ruled that not all bodies of water fall under the Clean Water Act regulations. So why are they expanding it? If they have already ruled on it, why are they expanding these rules? Why do they believe they can grab this? 
They claim they were not required to 
consult with local governments under the federalism Executive order, argu-ing the rule did not impact them. The EPA claims that even though it did not comply with the Executive order, it still reached out to local governments. That is not true. That is not true in West Virginia. I can tell you that. 
The EPA claims it addressed the con-
cerns of local governments by pro-viding exemptions for public safety ditches and storm water control sys-tems. That is not true either. So that being said, I can only tell you what my citizens, my communities, business owners, and local governments are being affected by and why they are concerned. 
The bottom line is it is completely 
unreasonable that our country’s ditches, puddles, and otherwise unnavigable waters be subjected to the same regulations of our greatest lakes and rivers. On that we all agree. The WOTUS rule exempts ditches 
only if the local government can prove that no part of the entire length of a ditch is located in an area where there used to be a stream. The WOTUS rule exempts storm water management sys-tems only if they were built on dry land. The WOTUS rule says EPA can rely on historical maps and historical aerial photographs to determine where the streams used to be—not where they are now. 
These provisions of the WOTUS rules 
should strike terror in the heart of every mayor, county commissioner, and manager of a city that was founded before the last century. This is how asinine this is. It is unbelievable that with a sweep of the pen, the EPA is trying to take us back to the days of Lewis and Clark. According to a memo written in April, not even the Corps of Engineers knows how it will determine which ditches are exempt and which are former streams. This is our own government. 
Morgantown, WV, was founded in 
1785. Wheeling, WV, was established in 1795. To go back in time to determine where streams used to be would be near impossible. I don’t want West Virginia cities to have to worry about the sta-tus of their municipal infrastructure. 
There is no question that with the 
additional permitting and regulatory requirements, the implementation of this rule will place a significant burden on West Virginia’s economy, which is already hurting very badly. That in-cludes businesses, manufacturing, housing, and energy production. Many in my home State are already strug-gling to make ends meet. We are one of the highest unemployment States, have been hit harder than any other State. We are fighting like the dickens. We will continue to fight and per-severe. 
The new financial and regulatory 
burdens will set people up for failure in an already unstable economic climate which in large part is caused by harm-ful regulations the EPA and the admin-istration have established. We all want to drink clean water and breathe clean air, but we can achieve this without regulating hard-working Americans out of business. 
This rule represents broad overreach 
that has the force of law without con-gressional approval. I would say you cannot regulate what has not been leg-islated. Why are we here? Why are we elected to represent the people when we cannot even do it, when we have to fight our own government to do the job we have been charged with doing? 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
motion to proceed to S. 1140. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, Bos-
ton’s sports teams have had their share of great moments. After a win, you can hear the crowd celebrating by singing a song by the Standells that goes like this: 
Yeah, down by the river, 
Down by the banks of the river Charles. Well I love that dirty water, Oh, Boston, you’re my home. 
While dirty water signals a win for a 
Boston team when that is sung, the real victory has been beating the pollu-tion in the Charles River and Boston Harbor since the passage of the Clean Water Act. That victory is thanks to the implementation of that law, which protects sources of our drinking water from pollution and restores dirty waters back to health. 
We need to keep the Clean Water 
Act’s winning streak alive. Unfortu-nately, the bill the Senate may con-sider today could end the record of wins for the Clean Water Act. Its his-tory of success has made the Clean Water Act one of the greatest Amer-ican success stories. Before the Clean Water Act, there was no Federal au-thority to limit dumping, set national water quality standards, or enforce pol-lution rules. City and household waste flowed untreated into rivers and harm-ful chemicals were poured into wet-lands and streams from factories and powerplants. Back then, we were all on the honor system. Water supplies were managed by a patchwork of State laws and an appeal to the common good. The result: mass pollution on a historic scale, oozing rivers so toxic that they could ignite into flames, fish dead by the thousands. America’s riversides be-came a theater of public hazards and chemical death. 
In short, before the Clean Water Act 
and the Federal involvement that was necessary, America’s waterways were its sewers. Then, in 1969, a public firestorm was touched off by a Time magazine photo of the Cuyahoga River on fire in Ohio. With full-throated sup-port from the public, Congress mobi-lized and produced the Clean Water Act, one of the most important pieces of environmental law in the history of the United States. The ultimate goal of the Clean Water Act—making water-ways safe for the public and wildlife— was so popular that in 1972 a bipartisan Congress overrode a veto by Richard Nixon. 
The successes and the benefits yield-
ed by the pursuit of the goal of clean waterways would prove tremendous in the years ahead. 
The Clean Water Act guards the Na-
tion’s natural sources of drinking water by guiding how we use them. It protects the wetlands, the streams, and other surface waters that ultimately provide us with drinking water. 
The Clean Water Act has slowed the 
loss of wetlands, known as the ‘‘kid-neys of the landscape’’ because of their ability to remove pollution from the water. They do this for free, making wetlands the most fiscally responsible water system in the world. The only al-ternative to this free service is to put our waters on dialysis by constructing filtration plants for billions of dollars in long-term maintenance and building costs. Our wetlands support the $6.6 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.024 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7694 November 3, 2015 
trillion coastal economy of the United 
States, which comprises about half of the Nation’s entire gross domestic pro-duction and includes our nearly $7 bil-lion annual fishery industry and $2.3 billion recreational industry. 
The Clean Water Act has doubled the 
number of swimmable and fishable riv-ers in the United States. It has saved billions of tons of fertile soil from being washed off of our farms. It has fostered State and Federal collabora-tion, giving States a key role in man-aging poisonous runoffs from cities and farms. It established a permitting sys-tem to control what gets dumped into America’s waterways. It developed fair and objective technology-based pollu-tion control standards to help indus-tries plan their compliance invest-ments in advance. It sets science-based water quality standards and requires well-thought-out plans to meet them. Its environmental monitoring require-ments prevent rehabilitated waterways from backsliding into unusable condi-tion. It provides $2 billion annually in critical funding to States for water quality and infrastructure improve-ments. Among its most important con-tributions, it empowers citizens to en-force its provisions and actively guard the health of their families. 
For all of its benefits and successes, 
however, the Clean Water Act has still not reached it goal. One-third of our rivers still have too much pollution. When these drain into coastal waters, they add to the problems being caused by ocean acidification and warming. The pollution can cause dead zones off of our coasts and in the Great Lakes, putting drinking water supplies at risk and threatening sea life. While the act has slowed their loss, wetlands con-tinue to disappear, and gone with them are millions of wetland-dependent crea-tures, such as ducks and turtles and most of the species of fish we find on our plates. 
Clearly, clean water must be pre-
served for the health of the public, the environment, and the economy. That is why the Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps have spent so much time developing the recently finalized clean water rule. The clean water rule clears up confusion caused by two U.S. Supreme Court rulings on the reach of Federal water pollution laws and restores protections that were eliminated for thousands of wetlands by President George W. Bush in his ad-ministration. 
Specifically, the rule revises the defi-
nition of ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ a term that identifies which waters and wetlands are protected under the Clean Water Act. The rule was written in response to requests for increased predictability and consist-ency of Clean Water Act permitting programs made by stakeholders such as the National Association of Home Builders and the National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association. 
The clean water rule restores clear 
protections to 60 percent of the Na-tion’s streams and millions of acres of 
wetlands that were stripped away under the previous Republican admin-istration. The EPA estimates that re-turning the clean water protections will provide roughly half a billion dol-lars in annual public benefits, includ-ing reducing flooding damage, filtering pollution, supporting over 6 million jobs in the over half-a-trillion-dollar outdoor recreation industry. 
The rule protects public health by 
closing pollution loopholes that threat-en drinking water supplies to one-third of Americans. In Massachusetts, the drinking water of nearly 3 in 4 people will now be protected. 
The rule enjoys broad support from 
local governments, small businesses, scientists, and the general public, who submitted over 800,000 favorable public comments. Eighty percent of Ameri-cans support the clean water rule, and when asked if Congress should allow it to go forward, they responded with a resounding yes. 
Despite public support for clean 
water and this commonsense rule, the Republicans want to bring a bill to the floor that would undermine the na-tional goals and policy written by the Clean Water Act. If enacted, this water-polluting bill would undermine the legal framework that protects our water. It would once again leave one- third of the Nation’s drinking water vulnerable to dangerous contamina-tion. It would set up a fight over tech-nical details that would prevent us from protecting the public health by preventing the dumping of toxic chemi-cals into natural public drinking water sources. 
The critics falsely claim that the 
clean water rule overreaches because it enables broader Federal jurisdiction than is consistent with law and science. 
So, ladies and gentlemen, I support 
the work the EPA and the Army Corps have done in putting together the clean water rule. It will continue the string of victories our Nation has enjoyed under the Clean Water Act. I urge my colleagues to oppose any legislative ef-forts to overturn the clean water rule. We need to keep the Clean Water Act working for all of America. 
I want to make sure that the only 
place in Massachusetts people are talk-ing about dirty water is after one of our great Boston sports teams have chalked up another victory. That is the only time we should be singing about dirty water because otherwise the health and well-being not just of people in Massachusetts but all across our country will be harmed. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, lis-
tening to this, you would think that people who want some commonsense regulation don’t believe in clean water. You would think that if we do this, somehow the Charles River or the Cuy-ahoga River, having been navigable the whole while here under the Clean 
Water Act jurisdiction, would suddenly not be navigable. That is not the case. That is not the case. I think it is really important that we ratchet down the emotion and we start looking at the facts. 
Let’s start with where we are right 
now with this idea of what are, in fact, jurisdictional waters under the Clean Water Act. This has been a debate for 40 years. It has been in and out of the courts for 40 years. In 1985 the Court made a ruling. In 2001 the Court made a ruling. In 2006 the Court decided a case called Rapanos. What Rapanos said is—four Justices said EPA is right, four Justices said EPA is wrong, and one Justice said EPA may be right. As a result, we have created a system that has caused great uncertainty in Amer-ica today as it relates to how we use land. Acting on that uncertainty, EPA promulgated a rule. That rule is incon-sistent, in my opinion, with the direc-tion they were given by the Court. That rule has created an incredible amount of uncertainty. 
To suggest that all the major ag 
groups, all the groups that are out there, including the Association of Counties, including many of the Gov-ernors, are all wrong and they all love dirty water is absolutely insulting as we kind of move forward on this discus-sion. 
I am going to show you why North 
Dakota is concerned about this regula-tion. This is an aerial picture of my State. You may not think there is a lot of water in North Dakota. This is a pic-ture of my State and Devils Lake in the Devils Lake area. You might say: Oh she picked a picture that looks like this. 
I ask and invite any of you to come 
to North Dakota and I will fly you any-where in North Dakota. This is what North Dakota looks like. You see all this water here and you see all this water here and you see this. Do you see that? That is a pothole, what we call a prairie pothole. It used to be and sea-sonally is full of water. Sometimes it is farm, sometimes it is not. Is this waters of the United States? It is not connected to any navigable stream. It is not adjacent to any kind of navi-gable water, moving water. None of this is connected with any kind of cross-land connection. 
I will tell you under the rule that we 
have and under the interpretations of the Corps of Engineers—which we al-ways forget when we are talking about this—the Corps of Engineers and EPA, what they would say is: We don’t know. We would have to send biologists to take a look at this. We would have to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars, of taxpayer dollars, to determine whether in fact there is substantial nexus. 
We asked for a simple rule. First, 
just as a point of view, when the stat-ute says navigable water, that water ought to be moving someplace other than into the ground. All water in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.032 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7695 November 3, 2015 
world is interconnected. We know that. 
That is a matter of hydrology. That is a matter of science. Scientists would say there is no such thing as a discrete separation. 
But you know what. Legally there is. 
It did not say every drop of water is controlled by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency under the Clean Water Act, it said navigable water, and we have been in this fight for a lot of years, including 2006. 
Mr. President, I know we are in ex-
cess of the time. I ask unanimous con-sent for just a little more time to con-clude my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. I want to make this 
point because it really is a question. The Senators who have come to the floor and talked about this rule talk about: Look, we are making progress. What they haven’t told you is that rule has absolutely no legal effect anywhere in this country today. Do you know why? Because the courts of the United States have stayed it. It is not in effect while we litigate yet another case. 
So when we looked at this problem 
and we looked at trying to give cer-tainty to farmers who own this land— by the way, this land is not owned by the people of this country. This land is owned by farmers who need certainty, who need to know. So we looked at this and we said: It is time for Congress to do what Congress ought to do, which is to legislate, which is to actually make a decision—to not just get on either side of a regulatory agency and yell about whether they are right or wrong but actually engage in a dialogue. 
That is why Senator D
ONNELLY , Sen-
ator B ARRASSO , Senator I NHOFE , and I 
sat down and said: Look, this will con-tinue in perpetuity. We will spend mil-lions of dollars litigating this and never get an answer because chances are we are back to 441, and that is not an answer. 
So we put together a piece of legisla-
tion looking at how can we as legisla-tors, as Congress provide some param-eters on what this means. People who will vote no on a motion to proceed will tell you we want EPA to decide. I am telling you that people in this country expect Congress to decide. They expect Congress to make this de-cision, to step up, and resolve this con-troversy because 40 years and millions and millions of dollars spent in litiga-tion is not a path forward. 
As we look at this legislation simply 
on a motion to proceed on one of the most controversial issues in America today—which is waters of the United States—not voting to debate this issue, not voting to proceed on this issue is the wrong path forward. 
I urge my colleagues to open the de-
bate and let’s talk about this map—not the Charles River and not the Cuya-hoga River because I will concede that they are navigable water. I want to know in what world is this navigable water of the United States, what world should EPA have jurisdiction over this 
pond, and in what world—when you are the farmer who owns it—do you think you have any certainty as we move for-ward? 
We are trying to give certainty to 
the American taxpayer. We are trying to give certainty to people who build roads and bridges. We are trying to ac-tually have a debate on an important issue of our time. 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes on 
the motion to proceed so we can have an open debate—it could be fun—as we talk about this issue. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 2 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President we will 
have a chance at 2:15 p.m., I believe, for 15 minutes to close the debate, and at 2:30 p.m. we are going to have a vote on a cloture motion. I urge my colleagues to vote against the cloture motion. 
I agree with my friend Senator 
H
EITKAMP that we need certainty. We 
have been debating this issue for a long time since the court cases. If this bill were to become law, you are not going to have certainty. It is going to be liti-gated. Whatever is done, it is going to be litigated. We know that. We have seen the litigious nature of what has happened over the course of the issues. 
Yes, I want Congress to speak on 
this. Congress has spoken on this. Con-gress has said very clearly that we want the test of the Clean Water Act to be to restore and maintain the chem-ical, physical, and biological integrity of our Nation’s waters. 
I don’t want Congress to say: No, we 
don’t want that. We now want a prag-matic test that could very well jeop-ardize the Clean Water Act. The bot-tom line is each Congress should want to strengthen the Clean Water Act, not weaken it. This bill would weaken the Clean Water Act and prevent a rule that has been debated for a long time from becoming law. 
I urge my colleagues to reject the 
motion for cloture, and we will have a little bit more to say about this at 2:15 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the manda-tory quorum call under rule XXII be waived with respect to the cloture vote on the motion to proceed to S. 1140. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
yield the floor. RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:37 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
FEDERAL WATER QUALITY PRO-
TECTION ACT—MOTION TO PRO-CEED—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 2:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise 
today as the Senate considers an issue that is critically—critically—impor-tant to agriculture and to rural Amer-ica. 
It is my hope the Senate will advance 
landmark legislation that I, along with a bipartisan group of colleagues, have introduced in response to the U.S. En-vironmental Protection Agency’s final rule that redefines waters of the United States—commonly referred to in farm country as WOTUS, among other acro-nyms—under the Clean Water Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of S. 1140 and represent agriculture and rural America’s charge in pushing back against EPA’s egregious Federal over-regulation. 
EPA’s final WOTUS rule would ad-
versely impact a vast cross-section of industries, including agriculture. As I have said before, I fear the sheer num-ber of regulations imposed by this ad-ministration is causing the public to lose faith in our government. Too often I hear from my constituents that they feel ‘‘ruled’’ and not ‘‘governed.’’ S. 1140 is in response to exactly that sen-timent. 
As chairman of the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, I have heard directly from farmers, ranchers, State agency officials, and various industries in Kansas and all throughout our country that ulti-mately would be subject to these new burdensome and costly Federal require-ments. The message is unanimous and clear. This is the wrong approach and the wrong rule for agriculture, rural America, and our small communities. 
According to the Kansas Department 
of Agriculture, EPA’s final rule would expand the number of water bodies in Kansas classified as ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ subject to all—subject to all—Clean Water Act programs and requirements by 460 percent, totaling 170,000 stream miles. This is just in-credulous. The expanded scope will fur-ther exacerbate the burden of duplica-tive pesticide permitting requirements and the other overregulation by this administration. This simply is not going to work and makes zero sense, especially in places such as arid west-ern Kansas. Furthermore, the final rule undercuts a State’s sovereign ability as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.034 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7696 November 3, 2015 
the primary regulator of water re-
sources, which administers and carries out Clean Water Act programs. 
Even more troubling, in recent 
months it has become apparent through the release of internal govern-ment documents between the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that there are serious concerns and ques-tions with regard to the legality of the EPA’s role and actions during the fa-mous or infamous public comment pe-riod to garner support for the final rule. The tactics employed by the EPA throughout this rulemaking process completely undermines the integrity of the interagency review process and the public’s trust. 
The EPA claims they have listened 
to farmers and ranchers about the con-cerns they have raised. EPA not only stacked the deck against farmers and ranchers, but EPA deliberately ignored them. This bill requires the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to with-draw the final rule and craft a new rule in meaningful consultation with stake-holders, State partners, and regulated entities, which are ready and waiting to work with EPA—if we can. 
All of us want to protect clean water. 
No one here—especially agriculture— wants to threaten such a valuable and integral natural resource that sustains our livelihood. It is our water. It is time the administration listened and developed a rule that is effective for farmers, ranchers, and rural America. 
This WOTUS regulation is the No. 1 
concern I hear about in farm country— that the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry hears about— and over 90 agriculture groups—90— have signed a letter in support of this legislation. Additionally, the ongoing litigation, which involves 31 States challenging the final rule, only adds further confusion about the implemen-tation and applicability of the final rule across the rest of the country. 
It is time for Congress to intervene. I 
thank my colleagues who have joined me in this effort, especially the Sen-ator from Wyoming, and I urge all of my colleagues to support S. 1140 and vote yes. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I yield 3 
minutes to a real champion of clean water in the United States, Senator B
OXER . 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I thank 
very much my colleague and sub-committee ranking member, Senator B
ENCARDIN , for taking the lead today 
on this opposition we are expressing to a very radical bill that will essentially, in my view, in many ways repeal the heart of the Clean Water Act. 
The Clean Water Act came about be-
cause the Cuyahoga River in Ohio went up in flames because there was so much pollution and there were so many tox-ins in the water there, and people rec-ognized—this was in the 1970s—that we were endangering our families and the health of our families. So the Clean 
Water Act was written, and it basically said that if a river or a stream or a body of water found its way into a source of drinking water or a rec-reational body of water, the people who were dumping this stuff into this nat-ural environment had to get a permit and had to show us that it was safe. It is as simple as that. 
That is why we have overwhelming 
support. I had a chart, and now I don’t have it, reflecting 79 percent in support across this Nation for moving ahead with the clean water rule. Then comes the Barrasso bill, which has a beautiful name—protecting the waters of the United States—and it reminds me of the book ‘‘1984’’: War is peace, love is hate, and the rest. Big government is telling you what to think. 
Really, this is not a bill that protects 
our water. It is not. It is a bill that es-sentially protects polluters and endan-gers 117 million people who want to drink clean water. This is a right in our country. You don’t want to be frightened when your child swims in a stream or drinks water that might make him or her sick. 
So what we do with this bill, what 
Senator B
ARRASSO , my friend—and he 
is my really good friend—does here is essentially to take the Clean Water Act and stands it on its head. He says we are not going to worry about all of these bodies of water that feed into the Nation’s drinking water supply for 117 million people, and we are going to say you are free to dump into that water everything you want. 
In closing, I have often said that 
when I go home, people come right up to me and say: B
ARBARA , you need to 
do this; and, B ARBARA , you have to 
fight for that. Never, in all my years in elected life—40 years since I started, which is hard to believe—has anyone come up to me and said: The water is too pure. The water is too clean. My drinking water is perfect, don’t make it safer. My air is pristine; don’t pass any more laws. It is the opposite. 
So what this would do today is take 
us back, back, back—back to the days when rivers caught on fire, back to the days when you worried a lot about drinking water. And as a person who wrote the law on protecting the quality of drinking water for children, this is a step backward. It is all about the farm bureau. And I get it, but I don’t think they really understand the rule that is coming out, where millions of people actually commented on the rule, where they had hundreds of meetings. This is an EPA that wants to work with the people. 
So I hope we will reject this and that 
we can move on and let this clean water rule work its way through the courts and become the law of the land. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, with 
this vote on the motion to proceed to S. 1140, the Federal Water Quality Pro-tection Act, the Senate really has a 
unique opportunity today to pass a strong bipartisan bill—a bill that will direct the EPA to write a reasonable rule to protect our navigable water-ways. 
As I mentioned before, I introduced 
this legislation with my Democratic colleagues Senators D
ONNELLY , 
HEITKAMP , and M ANCHIN , as well as 
many of my Republican colleagues. I appreciate all my colleagues who spoke out in favor of this legislation. 
Let me just conclude this discussion 
with these thoughts. Our beautiful riv-ers and lakes deserve protection, and this bill does nothing to block legiti-mate efforts to safeguard the waters of the United States. By striking the right balance, we will restore Washing-ton’s attention to the country’s tradi-tional waterways, protecting these cherished natural resources. At the same time, we will give certainty to farmers, ranchers, and small business owners that they can use their prop-erty reasonably without fear of con-stant Washington intervention. 
The existing rule on waters of the 
United States is the poster child of EPA overreach. The courts have al-ready begun to weigh in with their con-cerns and have stayed the rule nation-ally. There is a great legal uncertainty about whether this waters of the United States rule will survive these legal challenges. These challenges could take years. Meanwhile, a long- term viable solution to protecting our waterways will not be in place. 
Now, many of my colleagues, both 
Democratic and Republican—and par-ticularly those from rural States—have talked about their concern with this rule, so I urge them to join with us today by showing their constituents they are ready to do something about it. I urge them to vote for this motion to proceed to S. 1140 and to work with me through an open amendment proc-ess to create an even better bill—a bet-ter bipartisan bill and a bill that gives the EPA the certainty they need to craft a rule to protect our Nation’s wa-terways for the long term. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the motion to 
proceed to S. 1140. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this leg-
islation does two things. First, it stops the final rule on the waters of the United States, and second, it weakens the underlying Clean Water Act, some-thing I would hope none of us would want to do. I urge my colleagues to re-ject the motion to proceed. 
Let me tell you what is at risk here. 
What is at risk is about one-half of our Nation’s stream miles from being pro-tected under the Clean Water Act. Their water supply would not be pro-tected. What is at stake here? Twenty million acres of wetlands could go un-protected because of being denied pro-tection under the Clean Water Act. What is at risk here? The water supply 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.066 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7697 November 3, 2015 
for 117 million Americans—1 out of 
every 3 Americans. The source of their water could very well come from un-regulated supplies being exempt from the Clean Water Act. I don’t think we want to do that. 
I agree with my colleagues that we 
want to have certainty. That is why we want the rule to move forward. But it does more than that—the underlying bill. It also changes the standard that would be judged in deciding what is to be regulated waters. The current law says it is to ‘‘restore and maintain the chemical, physical, and biological in-tegrity of the Nation’s waters.’’ 
In other words, it is science-based. If 
we need to regulate in order to protect our water supply, we can regulate. That is what we are trying to achieve— regulating waters that end up in our streams, waters that end up in our water supply. If, on the other hand, we take what is being done under this leg-islation to protect traditional navi-gable waters from pollution, we are ex-empting so many of the waters that are critically important. I mentioned a lit-tle earlier that it has to have a contin-uous flow. Well, there are seasonal variations of what enters into our water supply in this country. That would be exempt. 
I want to dispel two things. First, 
this bill would remove certainty, not give certainty. The Supreme Court cases caused us to lose our traditional definitions of what was covered under the Clean Water Act. We need that. It returns certainty, which I think is in everyone’s interest. The last point is— and I have said it many times, and the Department has confirmed this—this final rule on waters of the United States does not change the regulatory structure for permitting for agri-culture. There are no additional re-quirements. They are exempt. The ex-emptions that exist today will con-tinue to be exempt. The agency re-sponded to the concerns of the agricul-tural community as they should. 
The bottom line is that clean water 
and agriculture go together, and we all need to work together in that regard. So I urge my colleagues to allow this rule to go forward. I urge my col-leagues not to have a legacy of weak-ening our protections for clean water in America, and that is what this bill would do. 
I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 153, S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of 
the United States,’’ and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Dean Heller, Jeff 
Flake, Steve Daines, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Ben Sasse, Roy Blunt, Daniel Coats, John Cornyn, John Booz-man, Richard Burr, Cory Gardner, Shelley Moore Capito, Richard C. Shelby, David Perdue, John Barrasso. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to propose a regulation re-vising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) would 
have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 57, 
nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 295 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Brown Hatch 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 57, the nays are 41. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
withdraw the motion to proceed to S. 1140. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is withdrawn. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-
PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 118, H.R. 2685. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 118, 
H.R. 2685, a bill making appropriations for 
the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2685, a bill making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, James M. Inhofe, John 
Hoeven, John Thune, Lamar Alex-ander, Richard Burr, Jerry Moran, John Cornyn, James E. Risch, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, Jeff Flake, Cory Gardner, John Boozman, Thad Coch-ran, Pat Roberts, David Perdue. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Nebraska is recog-
nized for his inaugural address. 
SENATE CULTURE  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak from the floor for the first time. I have never been in politics before, and I intentionally waited to speak here. 
I wish to talk about the historic pur-
poses and uses of the Senate, about the decades-long decline of the legislature relative to the executive branch, and about what baby steps toward institu-tional recovery might look like. 
Before doing so, let me explain brief-
ly why I chose to wait a year since election day before beginning to fully engage in floor debate. I have done two things in my adult work life. I am a historian by training and a strategy guy by vocation. Before becoming a college president, I helped over a dozen organizations through some very ugly strategic crises, and one important les-son I have learned again and again when you walk into any broken organi-zation is that there is a very delicate balance between expressing human em-pathy on the one hand and not becom-ing willing to passively sweep hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.042 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7698 November 3, 2015 
truths under the rug on the other. It is 
essential to listen first, to ask ques-tions first, and to learn how a broken institution got to where it is because there are reasons. People very rarely try to break special institutions that they inherit. Things fray and break for reasons. 
Still, empathy cannot change the re-
ality that a bankrupt company is cost-ing more to produce its products than customers are willing to pay for them, that a college that has too few stu-dents is out not only of money but out of spirit. This is the two-part posture I have tried to adopt during my rookie year here. Because of this goal of em-pathetic listening first and inter-viewing first and because of a pledge I made to Nebraskans—in deference to an old Senate decision—last year I have waited. 
Please do not misunderstand. Do not 
confuse a deliberate approach with pas-sivity. I ran because I think the public is right that we are not confronting the generational challenges we face. We do not have a foreign policy strategy for the age of jihad and cyber war, and our entitlement budgeting is entirely fake. We are entering an age where work and jobs will be more fundamentally dis-rupted than at any point in human his-tory since hunter-gatherers first set-tled in agrarian villages, and yet we do not have many plans. I think the pub-lic is right that the Congress is not adequately shepherding our Nation into the serious debates we should be having about the future of this great Nation. 
I will outline the key observations 
from my interviews with many of my Senate colleagues in summary form on another day, but for now let me flag just the painful top-line takeaway. I don’t think anyone in this body truly believes we are laser-focused on the greatest challenges our Nation faces— no one. Some of us lament this fact, some of us are angered by this fact, some of us are resigned to it, some try to dispassionately explain how we got to the place where we are, but I don’t think anyone actually disputes it. 
If I can be brutally honest for a mo-
ment, I am home basically every week-end, and what I hear every weekend, I think, are most of the same things most all of my colleagues hear every weekend, which is some version of this: a pox on both parties and all of your houses. We don’t believe that the poli-ticians are even trying to solve the great problems we face—the genera-tional problems. 
To the Republicans, those of us who 
would claim that the new majority is leading the way, few people believe it. To the grandstanders who would try to use this institution chiefly just as a platform for outside pursuits, few be-lieve that the country’s needs are as important to you as your own ambi-tions. 
To the Democrats who did this body 
great harm through nuclear tactics, few believe that bare-knuckled politics are a substitute for principled gov-
erning. 
Who among us doubts that many— 
both on the right and on the left—are now salivating for more of these rad-ical tactics? The people despise us all. 
Why is this? Because we are not 
doing our job. We are not doing the pri-mary things that the people sent us here to do. We are not tackling the great national problems that worry our bosses at home. I therefore propose a thought experiment. If the Senate isn’t 
going to be the venue for addressing our biggest national problems, where should we tell people that venue is? Where should they look for long-term national prioritization if it doesn’t happen on this floor? To ask it more di-rectly of ourselves, Would anything really be lost if the Senate didn’t exist? 
To be clear, this is a thought experi-
ment, and I think that many great things would be lost if the Senate didn’t exist, if our Federal Government didn’t have the benefit of this body, but game out with me the question of why. What precisely would be lost if we only had a House of Representatives, a simple majoritarian body instead of both bodies? The growth of the admin-istrative state, the fourth branch of government, is increasingly hollowing out the Senate and the entire article I branch, the legislature. Oddly, many in the Congress have been complicit in this hollowing out of our own powers. Would anything really be lost if we doubled down on Woodrow Wilson’s ob-session and inclination toward greater efficiency in government, his desire to remove more of the clunkiness of the legislative process? What would be lost? We could approach this thought experiment from the inside out and ask: What is unique about the Senate? What can this body do particularly well? What are the essential character-istics of just this place, which has often been called the gem of the Founders’ structure. What was the Senate built for? Let’s consider its at-tributes. 
We have 6-year terms, not 2-year 
terms, and the Founders actually delib-erated about whether Senators should have lifetime appointments. We have proportional representation of States, not of census counts, reflecting a Fed-eralist concern that we would always maintain a distinction between perhaps agreeing that government has a re-sponsibility to address certain prob-lems and yet guarding against a rou-tinized assumption that only a central-ized, nationalized, one-size-fits-all gov-ernment could tackle X or Y. 
Third, we have rules designed to em-
power individual Senators, not to the end of obstruction but for the purpose of ensuring full debate and engagement with dissenting points of views, for the Founders didn’t share Wilson’s concern with governmental efficiency, they were preoccupied with protecting mi-nority rights and culturally unpopular views in this big and diverse Nation. 
Fourth, we didn’t even have any 
rules in this body that recognized po-litical parties until the 1970s. There 
was merely an early 20th century con-vention that gave right of first recogni-tion in floor debate to the leaders of the two largest voting blocks. We have explicit constitutional duties related to providing the Executive with ad-vice—it is a pretty nebulous thing— about building his or her human cap-ital team and about the long-term for-eign policy trajectory of this Nation. Six-year terms, representation of States, not census counts, nearly limit-
less debate to protect dissenting views, almost no formal rules for political parties, what does all this add up to? What is the best answer to the ques-tion, What is the Senate for? 
Probably the best shorthand is this: 
to shield lawmakers from obsession with short-term popularity so we can focus on the biggest long-term chal-lenges we face. 
Why does the Senate’s character 
matter? Precisely because the Senate is built to insulate us from ‘‘short- termism.’’ That is the point of the Sen-ate. This is a place built to insulate us from opinion fads and from the bick-ering of 24-hour news cycles. That is the point of the Senate. The Senate is a place to focus on the biggest stuff. The Senate was built to be the antidote to sound bites. 
I have asked many of you what you 
think is wrong with the Senate. What is wrong with us? As in most struggling organizations, in private it is amazing how much common agreement there actually is. There is so much common agreement about what around here incentivizes short-term thinking and behavior over long-term thinking, be-having, and planning. 
The incessant fundraising, the ubiq-
uity of cameras everywhere that we talk, the normalization over the last decade of using many Senate rules as just shirts-and-skins exercises, the con-stant travel—again, fundraising— meaning, sadly, many families around here get ripped up. That is one of the things we hear about most in private in this body. This is not to suggest that there is unanimity among you in these private conversations. The divergence is actually most pronounced at the question of what comes next and whether permanent institutional de-cline is inevitable in this body. Some of you are hopeful for a recovery of a vibrant institutional culture, but I think the majority of you, from my conversations, are pessimistic. The most common framing of this question or this worry is this: OK. So maybe this isn’t the high moment in the his-tory of the Senate, but isn’t the dys-function in here merely an echo of the broader political polarization out there? It is an important question. Isn’t the Senate broken merely because of a larger shattered consensus of shared belief across 320 million people in this land? Surely that is part of the story, but there is much more to say. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.049 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7699 November 3, 2015 
First, the political polarization be-
yond Washington is so often over-stated. We could talk about the elec-tion of 1800, the runup to the Civil War, the response to Catholic immigration waves at the beginning of the last cen-tury, the bloodiest summers of the Civil Rights movement, the experience of troops returning from Vietnam, if you want to mark some really high- water marks of political polarization in American life. 
Second, civic disengagement is argu-
ably a much larger problem than polit-ical polarization. It isn’t so much that most regular folks we run into back home are really locked into predict-ably Republican and predictably Demo-cratic positions on every issue, it is that they tuned us out altogether. De-spite the echo chambers of those of us who have these jobs, are we aware that according to the Pew Research Center, the 24-hour viewership of CNN, FOX, and MSNBC is about 2 million. That is it. 
Third, one of our jobs is to flesh out 
competing views with such seriousness and respect that we, the 100 of us, should be mitigating, not exacerbating, the polarization that does exist. This is one of the reasons we have a represent-ative rather than a direct democracy. 
Fourth, surveys reveal that the pub-
lic is actually much more dissatisfied with us than they are even scared about the intractability of the big problems we face. Consider the con-trast. Somewhere between two-thirds and three-quarters of the country think the Nation is on a bad track; that the experiences of their kids and grandkids will be less than the experi-ence of their parents and grandparents. That is bad. Consider this: Only 1-in-10 of them is comforted that we are here doing these jobs. 
Let’s be very clear what this means. 
If the American people were actually given a choice to decide whether to fire all 100 of us and all 535 people in the Congress, do any of us doubt at all what they would do? 
There are good and bad reasons to be 
unpopular. A good reason would be to suffer for waging an honorable fight for the long term that has near-term polit-ical downsides, like telling seniors the truth that the amount they have paid in for Social Security and Medicare is far less than they think and far less than they are currently receiving. That would be a good reason to be unpopu-lar, but deep down we all know the real reason the political class is unpopular is not because of our relentless truth- telling but because of politicians’ habit of regularized pandering to those who most easily already agree with us. 
The sound-bite culture, whether in 
our standups for 90-second TV in the Russell rotunda or our press releases or what we all experienced on our cam-paigns—both for and against—the sound-bite culture is everywhere around us. We understand that, but do we also understand and affirm in this body that this place was built ex-pressly to combat that kind of 
reductionism, that short-termism? 
The Senate is a word with two mean-
ings. It is the 100 of us as a community, as a group, as a body—that is an impor-
tant metaphor—and it is this room. This is the Chamber where we assemble supposedly to debate the really big things. What happens in this Chamber now is what is most disheartening to a newbie like me. As our constituents know, something is awry here. We, in recent decades—again, this is a body and not just us but what we have inher-ited—have allowed short-termism and the sound-bite culture to invade this Chamber and to reduce so many of our debates to fact-free zones. 
I mentioned that I have done two 
kinds of work before coming here. I was a historian/college president and crisis turnaround guy. Although they sound very different, they actually have a lot of similarities because they are both driven by a kind of delibera-tion, a Socratic speech. 
Good history is good storytelling, 
and good storytelling demands empa-thy. It requires understanding different actors, differing motivations, and com-peting goals. Reducing everything im-mediately to good versus evil is bad history—not only because it isn’t true and because it is unpersuasive but be-cause it is really boring. Good history, on the other hand, demands that one be able to talk Socratically so you can present alternate viewpoints, not straw-man arguments, and explain how people got to where they are. 
Similarly, can you imagine a busi-
ness strategist who presents just one idea and immediately announces that it is the only right idea, the only plau-sible idea, and every other idea is both stupid and wicked? How would compa-nies respond to such a strategist? They would fire him. A good strategist, by contrast, puts the best construction on a whole range of scenarios, outlines the best criticisms of each option, espe-cially including the option you plan to argue for most passionately, and then you assume that your competitors will upgrade their game in response to your opening moves. This is a kind of So-cratic speech. But bizarrely, we don’t do that very much around here. We don’t have many actual debates. 
This is a place that would be difficult 
today to describe as the greatest delib-erative body in the world, something that was true through much of our his-tory. Socrates said it is dishonorable to make the lesser argument appear the greater or to take someone else’s argu-ment and distort it so that you don’t have to engage their strongest points. Yet here, on this floor, we regularly de-volve into a bizarre politician speech. We hear the robotic recitation of talk-ing points. 
Well, guess what. Normal people 
don’t talk like this. They don’t like that we do, and more important than whether or not they like us, they don’t trust our government because we do. 
It is weird, because one-on-one, when 
the cameras are off, hardly anyone around here really thinks the Senators 
from the other party are evil or stupid or bribed. There is actually a great deal of human affection around here, but again, it is private, when the cam-eras aren’t on. 
Perhaps I should pause and acknowl-
edge that I am really uncomfortable with this as an opening speech. It is awkward, and I recognize that talking honestly about the recovery of more honest Socratic debate runs the risk of being written off as being overly ro-mantic and naively idealistic. To add to the discomfort, I am brand new to politics, 99th in seniority, and occa-sionally mistaken for a page. But talk-ing bluntly about what is not working in the Senate in recent decades—not just this year or last year—but talking bluntly about what is not working around here is not naive idealism; it is aspirational realism. Here is why. I think that a cultural recovery inside this body is a partial prerequisite for a national recovery. 
I don’t think that generational prob-
lems such as the absence of a long-term strategy for combatting jihad and cyber war, such as telling the truth about entitlement overpromising, and such as developing new human capital and job retraining strategies for an era of much more rapid job change than our Nation has ever known—I don’t think that long-term problems such as these are solvable without a func-tioning Senate. And a functioning Sen-ate is a place that rejects short- termism, both in substance and in tone. 
The Senate has always had problems. 
This is a body made up of sinful human beings, but we haven’t always had to-day’s problems. There have been glo-rious high points in the Senate. There have been times when this place has flourished, and I believe a healthier Senate is possible again. But it will re-quire models and guides. 
To that end, I have been reflecting on 
three towering figures over the last half-century who used this floor quite differently than we usually use it today, and who thereby have much to teach us. Before naming them, let me clarify my purpose. I don’t think there is a magic bullet to the restoration of the Senate. My purpose in speaking today is really just to move into public conversations I have been having with lots of you in private as I try to define a personal strategy for how to use the floor. I want advice, and I am opening a conversation on how to contribute to the broader theme. There are many of you here who want an upgrading of our debate, of the culture, of the prioritization, and of our seriousness of what are truly the biggest long-term challenges we face. 
Two weeks ago, in a discussion with 
one of you about these problems, I was asked: So you are going to admit our institutional brokenness and issue a call for more civility? No. While I am in favor of more civility, my actual call here is for more substance. This is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.050 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7700 November 3, 2015 
not a call for less fighting. This is a 
call for more meaningful fighting. This is a call for bringing our A game to the biggest debates about the biggest issues facing our people and with much less regard for 24-month election cycles and 24-hour news cycles. This is a call to be for things that are big enough 
that you might risk your reelection over. 
So let’s name the three folks who 
have something on which to instruct us 
because they brought a larger approach to the floor. 
First, I sit quite intentionally at 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan’s desk. The New Yorker who cast a big shadow around here for a quarter century fa-mously cautioned that each of us is en-titled to our own opinions, but we are most certainly not entitled to our own set of facts. He read social science pro-lifically and sought constantly to bring data to bear on the debates in this Chamber. Like any genuinely curious person, he asked a lot of questions. So you couldn’t automatically know what policy he might ultimately advocate for because he asked hard questions of everyone. He had the capacity to sur-prise people. We should do that. 
Second, in a time when circling par-
tisan wagons and castigating the op-posing party feels reflexively easy, we can all benefit from reading again Mar-garet Chase Smith’s heroic ‘‘Declara-tion of Conscience’’ speech on this floor in June of 1950. The junior Senator from Maine was a committed anti- Communist. She was also called the first female cold warrior in the Nation. For her, that meant not knee-jerk op-position to competing views but rather the full-throated defense of what she called ‘‘Americanism.’’ She defined it as ‘‘the right to criticize; the right to hold unpopular beliefs; the right to protest; and the right of independent thought.’’ Senator Smith was rightly worried about Alger Hiss and the infil-tration of the State Department by ac-tual Communist spies. This was actu-ally happening. So for her, grandstanding and lazy character smearing were not only dishonest, they were distracting and therefore inher-ently dangerous. Thus, the freshman Senator—at this point she was the only woman in the body—came to the floor to demand publicly what she repeat-edly sought unsuccessfully in private from Joe McCarthy. Was there any evi-dence for all of these scandalous claims? Think of that. As a committed truth-teller, she was willing to chal-lenge someone not just in her own party but someone with whom she had lots of ideological alignment. She wanted to reject straw-man arguments and disingenuous attacks. Because of that moment, 4 years later the Senate would censure McCarthy and banish McCarthyist tactics from this floor. 
Finally, and for my purposes today 
most importantly, I would like us to recall Robert Byrd, one of the larger figures in the two-and-a-half-century history of this body. As a historian, I have long been a student of the West 
Virginian, troubled though he was. 
We sometimes conceive of our role 
today here as merely policy advo-cates—as those who argue for our re-spective party’s position on short-term policy fights, and that is sometimes important, but that is only one of our roles, for we don’t have a parliamen-tary system and we don’t have one on purpose. With Moynihan and Margaret Chase Smith, we also need to contextualize our debates about our largest national challenges with facts and data. We need to agree on what problems we are trying to solve before we bicker about which programs would be more or less effective toward those ends. We need to challenge those in our own party not to construct straw-men arguments with those we are debating. But there is something else we need as well. 
Beyond policy advocating and policy 
clarifying, we need an overarching shared narrative of what America means. We need to pause to regularly recall the larger American principles that bind us together—our constitu-tional creed, our shared stories, and our exceptional American commitment to a dream of life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness for all 320 million of our country men and women. 
We all know in our marriages that 
sometimes the only way around a small disagreement is to pause to em-brace again our larger shared commit-ments and our history. We need more of that here. We need to be able to more often agree on some big things before we get to the work of honorably disagreeing about smaller things. 
One of the important legacies of Sen-
ator Byrd—and again this is no com-mentary on other aspects of his messy past—but one of the important legacies of Senator Byrd is that he forced this Senate to grapple with our history, with the 100 of our specific duties, and with the unique place in the architec-ture of Madisonian separation of pow-ers that this body and this body alone sets. 
To return to our thought experiment, 
do we think the Founders would have regarded a 9-percent congressional ap-proval rating—a stunning level of dis-trust in representative government—do we think they would have regarded that as an existential crisis? Is it con-ceivable we can get away with just drifting along like this or must we fix it? Count me emphatically among those who think we need to fix it. We should not be OK with this. 
If we are going to restore this place, 
part of it will center on recovering the executive-legislative distinction. The American people should be demanding more of us as legislators, and they should be demanding more of the next President as a competent adminis-trator of the laws that we pass. This is possible only if we again recover a sense of our identity that has some connection not just to Republican and Democrat but to the Constitution’s ar-ticle I legislative duties and some ten-
sion on purpose with the duties of the article II executive branch. Everything cannot be simply Republican versus Democrat. We need Democrats who will stand up to a Democratic President who exceeds his or her power, and I promise you that I plan to speak up the next time a President of my party seeks to exceed his or her legitimate constitutional powers. 
Despite all of his other failings, Rob-
ert Byrd labored hard to mark these nonpartisan lines, and we should too. To that end, in the coming months I plan a series of floor speeches on the historic growth of the administrative state. This will not be a partisan effort. It will not be a Republican Senator criticizing the current administration because it is Democratic. Rather, it will be a constructive attempt to try to understand how we got to the place where so much legislating now happens inside the executive branch. Our Founders wouldn’t be able to make sense of the system we are living right now. 
This kind of executive overreach 
came about partly because of a sym-biotic legislative underreach. Repub-licans and Democrats are both to blame for grabbing more power when they have the Presidency. Republicans and Democrats are both to blame in this legislature for not wanting to take on hard issues and to lead through hard votes but rather to sit back and let successive Presidents gobble up more and more power. We can and we must do better than this. 
A century-long look at the growth of 
executive branch legislating over the next many months will be an attempt to contribute to the efforts of all here, both Republicans and Democrats, who want to see the Senate recover some of its authorities and to recover some of 
its trustworthiness in the eyes of the people for whom we work. 
Each of us has an obligation to be 
able to answer this question: Why doesn’t Congress work and what is your plan for fixing the Senate? If your only answer to this question is to blame the other party, then you don’t get it, and the American people think you are part of the problem, not part of the so-lution. 
This institution wasn’t built for the 
two political parties, and this institu-tion wasn’t built just to advocate pol-icy X versus new policy Y for next month. We must serve as a forum for helping our Nation understand and navigate the hardest generational de-bates before us. Our ways of speaking should mitigate, not exacerbate, the polarization that does exist. As was well said around here last week: 
We will not always agree—not all of us, not 
all of the time. But we should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest differences honestly stated . . . [for] I believe a greater clarity between us can lead to greater char-ity among us. 
Again, saying that we should be re-
ducing polarization doesn’t mean we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.051 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7701 November 3, 2015 
should be watering down our convic-
tions. I mean quite the contrary. We do not need fewer conviction politicians around here; we need more. We don’t need more compromising of principles; we need a clearer articulation and un-derstanding of the competing prin-ciples so that we can actually make things work better and not merely paper over the deficits of vision that everyone in the country knows exist. 
We should be bored by lazy politician 
speech. We should be bored by knee- jerk certainties on every small issue. We should primarily be doing the hard-er work of trying to understand com-peting positions on the larger issues. 
Good teachers don’t shut down de-
bate; they try to model Socratic seri-ousness by putting the best construc-tion on their arguments, even and espe-cially to those on which they don’t agree. Our goal should not be to attack straw men but rather to strengthen and clarify meaningful contests of ideas for the American people. 
Representative government will re-
quire civic reengagement. Our people need to know that we in this body are up to the task of leading during a time of nearly universal angst about wheth-er this Nation is on a path of decline. 
A 6-year term is a terrible thing to 
waste. A 2-year term requires hamster- wheel frenzy; our jobs do not. I think we can do better, and I pledge to work with all of those who want to figure out how. 
Thank you, Mr. President. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The majority leader. 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR SASSE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
would like to congratulate our new col-league, Senator S
ASSE. There was a 
good deal of suspense attached to won-dering what the junior Senator from Nebraska would have to say, as he chose to wait until the end of the year and to listen and begin to study the in-stitution. I expect most people would not have predicted that the best lesson we were to hear about what is wrong with the Senate and what needs to change would come from somebody 
who just got here. 
I think the fact that there were so 
many Senators on the floor to listen was a tribute to the great work the Senator has done here and the study he has put into this institution and what needs to be done on all of our parts to make it work better. 
On behalf of all of the Senate, I con-
gratulate the junior Senator from Ne-braska on an extraordinary maiden speech. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
that was a wise speech. It was a speech that made me think of the comment someone once said—that the Senate was the one authentic piece of genius in the American political system. What Senator S
ASSE has done is put fresh 
eyes on a subject, and sometimes fresh eyes are the best eyes. What he has reminded us is to re-
member what a privilege it is to serve here and that if we are temporarily en-trusted with the responsibility and op-portunity to give real meaning to the idea that this is the one authentic piece of genius in the American polit-ical system, we have some work to do. 
I am delighted he is here. I am de-
lighted he took the time to wait, study, listen, and make his comments. I listened very carefully. I hope every single Member of the Senate did. I pledge to work with him toward the goal he set out. I look forward to serv-ing with him for a long time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
the information of all Senators, we should expect a rollcall vote around 4 o’clock on the motion to proceed to S.J. Res. 22, which is the Congressional Review Act on the waters of the United States. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RULE  
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about this ill-conceived and harmful waters of the United States rule—better known as WOTUS— and how its implementation threatens the livelihoods of many of my fellow Iowans. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, re-
cent court decisions have forced this rule—EPA’s latest power grab—to come to a screeching halt across the country because of the likelihood that EPA has overstepped its authority. To be clear, it is not just me saying that; 
it is the court. 
As my colleague and friend, the sen-
ior Senator from Iowa, C
HUCK GRASS -
LEY, often says, Washington is an is-
land surrounded by reality. There is not a more perfect phrase to describe how the events and processes have un-folded surrounding this confusing rule. Only in Washington do unelected bu-reaucrats take 300 pages to simplify and provide clarity. This rule is so complex and so ambiguous that folks in my State are concerned that any low spot on a farmer’s field or a ditch or a puddle after a rainstorm may now fall under the EPA’s watch. 
We all want clean water and clean 
air. That is not disputable. Time and again, I have emphasized that the air we breathe and the water we drink need to be clean and safe. Statements suggesting otherwise cannot be further from the truth. It is unfortunate that the EPA continues to fuel that line of false attack through their election- style tactics and controversial lob-bying efforts on social media. 
This rule and this debate are not 
about clean water. The heart of this de-bate is about how much authority the 
Federal Government and unelected bu-reaucrats should have to regulate what is done on private land. 
You can see the map behind me. 
Look at my State of Iowa. This rule would give the EPA extensive power to regulate water on 97 percent of the land in the State of Iowa—97 percent. If you compare that to Iowa’s Federal land percentage in acreage of 0.3 per-cent, it is quite a shift in the current makeup of Federal authority over the land in Iowa. 
I spent the weekend going back 
through letters my fellow Iowans have sent me on this issue. So many of them are frustrated with the lack of common 
sense coming out of Washington. They are taking this issue personally be-cause their livelihood depends on it. Many of the letters I get are from farmers who spend their days working land that has been in their families for generations, some going back over 100 years. They have an incentive to take care of their land and conserve it for future generations. Caring for the land and conserving is a way of life in the heartland. It is as if the EPA turns a blind eye to that fact. 
One Iowan wrote: 
This proposed rule is so vague, long, and 
very unclear, that I feel they are wanting farmers to fail so a large fine can be as-sessed. Why am I taking this so personal? Because for me and my family, we live off this land. If we don’t take care of it, it will not take care of us. So I will do whatever I can to protect this land and water for my children. My family lives on well water. My cattle drink from the same wells. I don’t want either to get sick. 
That is what one Iowan wrote. I be-
lieve the same exactly. 
This rule would give EPA the author-
ity to expand its power over family farms, small businesses, ranches, and other landowners in our rural commu-nity. Iowans are so concerned about this rule because they know it will ac-tually create a negative impact on con-servation and it is contradictory to the commonsense and voluntary work that is taking place in communities across Iowa today. 
In Iowa, we have had a State-level 
clean water initiative in place for sev-eral years now. It is a partnership be-tween the State legislature, the De-partment of Natural Resources, the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship, Iowa State Univer-sity, and a myriad of stakeholders across the State. 
The voluntary Nutrient Reduction 
Strategy is based on extensive research and provides a path forward for con-servation efforts that individual farm-ers can pursue with matching funds from the State. This science-based ap-proach provides incentives for farmers and other landowners to make sustain-able decisions on their own land rather than be forced to adhere to a one-size- fits-all regulation that would do far more harm than good. A farm in Iowa is not the same as one in Montana, and the rolling plains of Texas are very dif-ferent from the hills and valleys of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.053 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7702 November 3, 2015 
Pennsylvania. This is simply one more 
reason this WOTUS rule is the wrong approach. A one-size-fits-all solution from inside the beltway could have dis-astrous effects nationwide. 
As I mentioned, I have heard from 
constituents across the State of Iowa who have grave concerns with the am-biguity of this rule. They are holding off on making conservation improve-ments to their land for fear of being later found out of compliance with this WOTUS rule and facing significant fines. Maybe it is because we are so ‘‘Iowa nice’’ that we are inclined to work together collaboratively rather than simply issuing more onerous regu-lations. 
Take the Middle Cedar Partnership, 
for example. This project in Eastern Iowa uses local dollars and State fund-ing, coupled with Federal grants from the USDA, to organize and advocate for land practices that improve water quality downstream. The coalition is made up of city, county, and State offi-cials, businesspeople, farmers, environ-mentalists, and other concerned citi-zens. Together they are making mean-ingful progress on multiple watershed projects within the Cedar River basin and sharing what they have learned. This approach is now being adopted by other municipalities within the State. 
Contrary to what some claim, Iowa 
has done all of this on its own, not at the behest of the EPA. In fact, the EPA has asked the leaders of Iowa’s efforts to come to DC and explain how they are able to get such grassroots buy-in on voluntary conservation projects and programs. The other States in the Mis-sissippi River Basin look to Iowa as a leader on water quality and are mod-eling their own State-level efforts after ours in the State of Iowa. While there are clear indications that this WOTUS rule is illegal and likely to be scrapped by the courts, that process could take years to play out—and all at the ex-pense of the average American. 
Let’s not wait around for the inevi-
table and force our small farmers and businesses to operate in the dark while they wait. Let’s fix this now and give American families the certainty they deserve. We can do that by passing the legislation before us. 
I have led the charge in the Senate 
on this joint resolution of disapproval which would scrap the rule entirely. My legislation is the necessary next step in pushing back against this bla-tant power grab by the EPA. We will send this to the President, and he will be forced to decide between the liveli-hood of our rural communities nation-wide and his unchecked Federal agen-cy. 
I also voted for S. 1140, which pro-
vides the EPA with clear principles and directions on how best to craft a waters of the United States rule. It spells out steps they should have taken prior to finalizing this rule to guar-antee they can take into consideration the thoughtful comments from folks such as farmers, ranchers, small busi-nesses, and manufacturers. Congress is 
acting because it is evident that the EPA did not seriously consider the comments and perspective from those whom this rule will directly impact, and it is clear they are far outside the bounds of the congressional intent of the Clean Water Act. 
Iowa is bounded by rivers. The very 
shape of our State is dictated by the mighty Mississippi and Missouri Riv-ers. Take one look at commerce and recreation happening on them, and it is easy to see why these are considered navigable waters. When Congress passed the Clean Water Act, this was the type of water it intended to pro-tect, not a grass waterway running across a farmer’s field or a ditch bor-dering it. This rule ignores congres-sional intent and is nothing more than a power grab by the EPA. 
The EPA continues to run roughshod 
over Iowans, acting as if they are a leg-islative body—something they have no business doing. It is no wonder they have lost the trust of the American people and many in Congress. Every community wants clean water and to protect our Nation’s waterways, but we simply cannot allow mounting, unnec-essary regulations to overwhelm the commonsense voice of hard-working Americans, especially when they are not based on sound science. Again, it is not just me saying that, the courts and the Army Corps have both called the EPA on their shaky data, or lack thereof. Yet unelected bureaucrats re-mained committed to making a polit-ical decision instead of the right deci-sion. 
As Iowa’s U.S. Senator, it is my re-
sponsibility to speak for the folks I represent and hold the Federal Govern-ment accountable when it is clear they have gone too far. And make no mis-take—they have here. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I rise in 
strong support of this effort to turn back this rule. The rule has been well explained by the Senator from Iowa. Her efforts are about all that Congress can currently do. Frankly, I would hope that we can figure out how to go further so that the Congress has to ap-prove every rule that is issued by every agency of government that has signifi-cant economic impact. 
It is, frankly, hard to imagine a rule 
that has a more wide-ranging impact or more economic impact than this one does. As has been well pointed out, the authority given to the EPA under the Clean Water Act was very consistent with Federal discussions and debates for 170 years. I think 1846 was the first time the term ‘‘navigable waters’’ was used in Federal law, in a bill that James Knox Polk—President Polk ac-tually vetoed the bill, but the term was understood, and it quickly came back into Federal law, and it meant exactly what it said: navigable waters of the United States. Why would that be a Federal respon-
sibility? Because ‘‘navigable’’ means you can move something on it. ‘‘Mov-ing something on it’’ means commerce, and one of the principal reasons for the Constitution was to regulate interstate commerce. So this is a long-established principle. Yes, there is some Federal responsibility for those avenues of commerce in the country—areas, riv-ers, waterways you can navigate. But, of course, that is not good enough for the EPA—170 years of Federal law, total and complete understanding around the country and, it appears, even on the part of Federal judges of what ‘‘navigable’’ means. 
There is a way to get expanded juris-
diction if the EPA wanted expanded ju-risdiction, and that is to come to Con-gress and say: Give us not just respon-sibility over navigable waters but all the water that can run into all of the water that can run into any water that can run into any water that can run into navigable waters. 
If the EPA got this jurisdiction, you 
wouldn’t be able to come up with enough Federal bureaucrats to oversee this level of jurisdiction. In a map that is not nearly as large as the map we have on the poster but a map that the Missouri Farm Bureau put out in our State, this is how much of the State of Missouri would be under the jurisdic-tion of the EPA under this law. 
Even if you are standing very close 
to this map, you can’t see the non-red areas. The red area is the new Federal jurisdiction. The non-red area is three- tenths of 1 percent of the State. So anything that goes on in 99.7 percent of our State is really founded on the basis of the rivers that cut through the mid-dle of it, that bind it on the east, and would be, obviously, waters that are in most cases navigable and inarguably navigable, but all the water that runs into any water that could ever run into any water that runs into that water is clearly not navigable. 
That is why county commissioners 
all over our State are calling and say-ing: If this passes, what does it mean? Can we mow the right-of-way without a Federal permit? 
There is no question that if this 
passes, every roadside ditch in the en-tire State of Missouri would be navi-gable waters. There is nowhere outside the offices of the EPA and the most ex-treme among us where anybody would want to argue that every ditch along every road and highway is navigable waters. The EPA wants jurisdiction they couldn’t exercise. 
This is a moment when Congress can 
stand and say: We do not want this rule to go into effect. We are going to pass a resolution that puts this on the President’s desk, and if the President is going to be for this no matter what the courts say, no matter what the Corps of Engineers says, no matter what the Congress says, the President has to take a position on this rule. It is his EPA; it is out of control on this rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.055 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7703 November 3, 2015 
I hope my colleagues join the Sen-
ator from Iowa and me and many oth-ers in saying we don’t want this rule to go into effect. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY— MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Con-gressional Review Act, I move to pro-ceed to S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution providing the congressional dis-approval of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the EPA relat-ing to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 286, S.J. 
Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Corps of Engineers and the En-vironmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
AYOTTE ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 55, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 296 Leg.] 
YEAS—55 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker 
Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk 
Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby 
Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Brown Graham 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROCTECTION AGENCY 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the joint resolution. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to 5 USC 802(d)(2), there is 10 hours of debate, equally divided, on the joint resolution. 
The Senator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Madam President, I 
wish to take a quick moment and thank my friends, my colleagues for supporting this effort, and I look for-ward to some lively discussion on the EPA’s overreach and this WOTUS rule. I encourage my fellow Republicans and my fellow Democrats to carefully con-sider what this overreach by the EPA does to their home States. Just as it does in Iowa—it covers 97 percent of our land. I encourage them to listen to their constituents very carefully as we move forward on this debate and this vote. 
Again, I thank my colleagues for sup-
porting this effort. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
wish to congratulate our friend and colleague, the Senator from Iowa, on this strong vote on the motion to pro-ceed to this congressional resolution of disapproval of this overreaching regu-lation issued by the Environmental Protection Agency. I want to talk a lit-tle bit about this rule, but I also want to talk about how symptomatic this is of the overreach we are seeing coming from the executive branch, particu-larly when it involves rulemaking. This rule is a response to a Supreme 
Court decision and a number of other decisions by the lower courts which held previously that the Federal Gov-ernment had overreached when it comes to trying to regulate so-called navigable waters of the United States. 
I think there is no real question in 
anybody’s mind that under the inter-state commerce provisions of the U.S. Constitution, the Federal Government has a responsibility when it comes to navigable waters, but, as the Sixth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals said in a decision it handed down on October 9, the plain-tiffs in the case against the Environ-mental Protection Agency and this particular rule established a substan-tial possibility of success on the merits 
of their claims where they said that the rule’s treatment of tributaries, ad-jacent waters, and waters having a sig-nificant nexus to navigable waters is at odds with the Supreme Court’s decision in the Rapanos case, which was handed down in 2006. It said also that the pro-visions of the rule make it unclear as to the distance limitations, whether it is harmonious with the decisions of the Supreme Court. So, for example, if you could say the tributary that feeds an-other body of water that feeds another body of water that then feeds another body of water that eventually gets into navigable water is subject to the rule-making authority of the Environ-mental Protection Agency is in con-flict with the decision in the Rapanos case, and I don’t believe it would ever withstand constitutional scrutiny. 
Moreover, the Sixth Circuit Court of 
Appeals said the rulemaking process by which the so-called distance limita-tions were adopted is suspect. They said it did not include any proposed distance limitation in use of the terms such as ‘‘adjacent waters’’ or ‘‘signifi-cant nexus.’’ So under the opinion of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, a body of water could be far removed from that navigable water and still be determined as an adjacent water or have a significant nexus and be subject to the far-reaching provisions of the rule. 
The Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals 
also said that there was no scientific support for the distance limitations that were included in the final rule. 
The plaintiffs contended and the 
Sixth Circuit agreed that this rule is not the product of reasoned decision-making and is vulnerable to attack as impermissibly arbitrary or capricious under the Administrative Procedure Act. 
Ordinarily, the Court of Appeals for 
the Sixth Circuit said, they would not issue a stay pending the resolution of the challenge to the rule, but they said the sheer breadth of the ripple effect caused by the rule’s definitional changes counsel strongly in favor of maintaining the status quo for the time being. They also noted that the rule had already been stayed in 13 dif-ferent States where previous litigation had been filed and decided. So, as a re-sult, on October 9, the Sixth Circuit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.059 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7704 November 3, 2015 
Court of Appeals issued a nationwide 
stay for the very rule that is the sub-ject of this Congressional Review Act vote that we just had and that we will have after 10 hours of debate. 
But beyond the arcane provisions of 
the Administrative Procedure Act and what is navigable water and what is ad-jacent water, what has a sufficient nexus and the like, I think what we need to recognize is that this rule rep-resents the single largest private prop-
erty grab perhaps in American history because it claims as Federal jurisdic-tion private property that previously had not been thought of as having any nexus or connection with Federal au-thority or even interstate commerce— potholes, drainage ditches, culverts, stock ponds, things such as that that are arguably now within the ambit of this rule, and that cannot be the case. 
That is why so many of us have heard 
not just from our farmers, cattle rais-ers, and agriculture producers, but we have heard from people in the con-struction business, people who are con-cerned about this private property grab, and they said this cannot be the case. As I said, farmers and ranchers, homebuilders, manufacturers, utilities, the concrete industry—any entity that builds or develops on real estate will likely be impacted. 
I am very happy that under the lead-
ership of the Senator from Iowa, we have gotten this far on this congres-sional resolution of disapproval, and I hope that after this debate—perhaps tomorrow—we will be in a position to send this to the President of the United States stating views of the U.S. Senate and Congress that this rule simply is too broad and cannot stand. 
The Sixth Circuit Court’s opinion is 
not a substitute for what we do under the Congressional Review Act. It is part of our responsibility as Members of the U.S. Congress. 
In my State, as, I am sure, in other 
places around the country, farming and ranching is more than a job. It is a way of life. It is part of our culture and very definitely a family affair. In fact, about 98 percent of all farms and ranches in Texas are family-owned. When I am back home and have the chance to visit with those who provide the food and the fiber to feed and clothe us, they are very concerned about this legislation—as they should be—because it not only represents a threat to their way of life and their ability to provide for their families and for our States and our country, it is a power grab unprecedented in U.S. his-tory. 
In May, the Environmental Protec-
tion Agency released the final rule that is supposed to protect our water. Who could be opposed to that? Well, nobody if they had done it within the Constitu-tion and within the law. That sounds innocuous enough. But in reality, it acts as a Federal land grab, one which would add significant costs to our farmers and ranchers and which has the potential to greatly intrude on the private property of landowners. While we all can agree that clean 
water is a priority, the Obama adminis-tration has overstepped that goal and pitted the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers against the hard-working farmers and ranchers in Texas and across the country. But it is not just the agriculture sector, as I mentioned a moment ago. I have been hearing from a lot of stakeholders back home who are incredibly concerned about the negative potential impact this rule will have on their business. This rule is such a vast expansion of Federal juris-diction that multiple sectors of our economy could be adversely affected— as I said, homebuilders, the oil and gas industry, mining companies, and man-ufacturers. 
This rule is not just some simple, 
straightforward provision to protect water; it is a veiled threat against the private sector and a blueprint for sti-fling economic growth in our country. 
In 2014 the economy in my State 
grew roughly 5.2 percent. We were among the most fortunate States in the Nation to see a lot of job growth and opportunity. That is why people are moving to Texas—because that is where the jobs are. Conversely, in 2014 we saw across the country our econ-omy grow at roughly 2.2 percent. 
While we have been encouraged to see 
the unemployment rate tick down lit-tle by little, the truth is that when you start getting into the numbers, you re-alize that the labor participation rate—the percentage of people actually actively looking for work—is at a 30- year low, thus making that lower un-employment rate look better than it really is. 
This is an important piece of legisla-
tion, and I know a lot of people are paying attention to it back home and across the country because of its im-pact. I am frustrated we weren’t able to move the earlier legislation forward due to a filibuster by the minority, in this case, who are clearly trying to do everything they can to protect this ad-ministration and its overreach, but of course all of us are going to be held ac-countable at the ballot box, as we should be. Anyone who has voted against proceeding with this common-sense legislation to rein in an out-of- control Federal agency, I believe, will live to regret that decision. 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR GRASSLEY ON  
CASTING HIS 12 ,000TH VOTE  
Madam President, I just have one 
other thing to say on a different topic. It has sort of been the quiet after we celebrated the 15,000th vote by the Sen-ator from Vermont very publicly the other day. Our more reticent, and per-haps even occasionally shy, Mr. C
HUCK  
GRASSLEY , the senior Senator from 
Iowa, celebrated his 12,000th vote in the Senate. 
Senator G
RASSLEY is well known for 
his consistency and steadfast commit-ment to the people of Iowa. I have to say, I don’t know of any Senator who works harder to get and to keep the trust and confidence of the people he represents. This 12,000th vote should 
come as no surprise. He actually hasn’t even missed a vote since 1993. Every year for more than 30 years, Senator G
RASSLEY has demonstrated his com-
mitment to the people of Iowa by vis-iting every one of the State’s 99 coun-ties. 
I know he keeps his colleague, the 
junior Senator from Iowa, Mrs. E
RNST , 
running just trying to keep up with him. That is an impressive record for anyone, and one that many—including our Presidential candidates—some-times need to try to duplicate. 
I will speak, for just a second, beyond 
statistics about Senator G
RASSLEY be-
cause I have the honor of serving with him on both the Finance and Judiciary Committees. He has worked tirelessly, not just for the people of Iowa but for all Americans. Indeed, my colleague shares my concern for creating a more open and transparent government. As somebody who is conservative by ide-ology and by nature, I was not sent by my constituents in Texas to pass more rules and regulations. I am here to hold the government, and particularly the bureaucracy, accountable. One way we can do that, without adding additional regulations, rules, and costs to the tax-payer, is by encouraging an open and more transparent government because with that comes accountability. 
Senator G
RASSLEY has used his role 
as chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee to advance these values and to hold government and the bureaucracy accountable for the benefit of not just Iowans but for the benefit of the Amer-ican people. 
I thank the Senator from Iowa for 
the great example he sets for the rest of us and applaud him for casting his 12,000th vote. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Madam President, I 
rise to speak in support of the CRA, Congressional Review Act amendment on the waters of the United States, of my colleague from Iowa. West Virginia is no stranger to the crushing con-sequences of harmful regulations. Our unemployment rate is the largest in the Nation. Layoff notices keep coming and declining revenues from coal sever-ance taxes are eroding our State’s budget. I read an article earlier today saying that this far into the fiscal year in the State of West Virginia we have a deficit of $91 million. 
The EPA and the Army Corps of En-
gineers waters of the United States rule, known as the WOTUS rule, is just the latest example of a regulatory en-vironment that threatens to put West Virginians and other Americans out of business. Everyone can agree—and the Senator from Texas just talked about this and I know the Senator from Iowa has talked about it frequently—that we must protect our drinking water re-sources, and we also must protect our precious natural resources, but a rule that subjects puddles and ditches to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.062 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7705 November 3, 2015 
regulations just goes too far. The 
EPA’s unprecedented expansion of Fed-eral authority has very serious con-sequences, both in the State I rep-resent, West Virginia, and throughout the rest of the country. 
In my State of West Virginia, the 
steep mountainous terrain means that the EPA would have oversight over any land located in the valley or low-lying area. If you have been to West Vir-ginia, you know you are either on a mountain or in a valley in a low-lying area. There is very little flat land. 
The West Virginia Coal Association 
pointed out that the WOTUS rule would trigger ‘‘an alphabet soup of statutes, regulatory programs and fed-eral regulatory agencies’’ involved in traditionally nonregulated activities. Something as simple as digging a ditch on a farm or building a home on pri-vately owned property could be under the purview of the EPA and a failure to comply with that rule could result in fines as high as $37,500 a day. 
A county commissioner from 
Monongalia County recently wrote to my office expressing concerns that this WOTUS rule would impede the coun-ty’s attempt to create developable tracks of land needed to attract large employers in West Virginia. 
I will remind everyone that develop-
able land in a State like mine is very difficult to create because it is not nat-ural and it would create a lot of those low-lying areas, ditches, and puddles that this regulation goes way beyond to regulate. 
A small business owner in Scott 
Depot, WV, shared her concern that small businesses were not adequately considered in the WOTUS rule. She said: 
Government regulations, like the proposed 
rule, are complicated, expensive to navigate, and a real obstacle to my growing business. This change, and its ridiculous overreach and restrictions could decrease land value and hinder my ability to expand, develop and use my own private land. 
We talk a lot about creating jobs in 
this country. This is a quote from a small business owner who is concerned about her ability to control her own destiny with her own small business on her own privately owned land. I think this is the reason that 31 States, in-cluding West Virginia, are suing to overturn this misguided rule, and two courts have already found it likely ille-gal. 
Rather than incorporating thoughts 
from Congress and concerned Ameri-cans, this misguided rule doubles down on overreach and threatens to impede small businesses, agriculture, manufac-turing, coal, natural gas production, and many other vital sectors of the economy as the Senator from Texas just talked about. 
The decision by the Sixth Circuit 
Court of Appeals to block the imple-mentation of the WOTUS rule nation-wide confirms that WOTUS was the wrong approach to protecting our water resources and reinforces the need to rein in this administration’s unprec-
edented and overreaching regulations. 
Along with colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle—just this afternoon at 2:30 p.m.—I proudly supported Senator B
ARRASSO ’s Federal Water Quality Pro-
tection Act, which would have directed the EPA and the Corps of Engineers to withdraw this rule, go back to the drawing board, and issue an alternative approach that is crafted in consulta-tion with State and local governments and small businesses. 
The bill we voted on earlier today re-
ceived bipartisan support from 57 Sen-ators but only partisan opposition. Both Republicans and Democrats sup-ported moving forward on the Federal Water Quality Protection Act because we wanted to offer a real solution that would bring clarity and common sense to the protection of our Nation’s waters. 
This legislation would have provided 
certainty to farmers, manufacturers, energy producers, State and local gov-ernments, and anyone seeking to do virtually anything on private land. Un-fortunately, 41 Democrats stopped a bi-partisan majority from considering this bill. We must now consider other options to block the misguided WOTUS regulation issued by the EPA and Corps of Engineers. 
I am glad we will have the oppor-
tunity to vote on a Congressional Re-view Act resolution of disapproval of-fered by the Senator from Iowa. This resolution would protect hard-working West Virginia families, small busi-nesses, energy producers, and others across the country who would be un-fairly burdened by this onerous and deeply flawed WOTUS rule. The WOTUS rule would lead to a massive expansion, again, of costly permitting requirements and hinder our already struggling economy, an outcome West Virginia and the Nation simply cannot afford. 
I urge my colleagues to join with me 
and the Senator from Iowa, who is leading the charge in such an admiral way in supporting this important effort to block the harmful WOTUS rule. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. 
FEDERAL WATER QUALITY PROTECTION BILL  
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I 
rise not only in support of the critical bipartisan legislation that was before the Senate earlier today but also in support of the proposal of the Senator from Iowa that is before us now. While the measure failed to secure the nec-essary votes earlier today, the fight is not over. 
The Federal Water Quality Protec-
tion Act would have enabled American citizens to maintain control over their water resources, and it would have stopped the administration’s WOTUS rule. Congress has already limited the Federal Government’s regulatory au-thority under the Clean Water Act to only navigable waterways, but instead of following the law, this administra-tion has broadened the definition of 
‘‘waters of the United States’’ and ex-tended Federal authority far beyond the law’s original intent. 
The rule, which is commonly referred 
to as WOTUS, exponentially expands Federal jurisdiction over all water— from prairie potholes to ditches and ev-erything in between. Ultimately, this rule prevents State and local agencies from effectively regulating our water by placing control in the hands of Washington bureaucrats. 
I am proud to have worked with my 
colleagues on a bipartisan effort to overturn this dangerous rule and force both the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to go back to the drawing board. Our legislation, known as the Federal Water Quality Protection Act, would have required the administra-tion to consult with States and local stakeholders before imposing the Fed-eral regulations on our State-owned water resources. Additionally, the bill would have ensured a thorough eco-nomic analysis to make sure that was conducted before restricting States from managing their own natural re-sources. 
The importance of allowing our 
States to manage these resources hit home during a Senate Environment and Public Works Committee field hearing that I chaired in Lincoln, NE, this past March. At the hearing, a wide variety of Nebraska stakeholders pro-vided personal accounts of how this will affect families, businesses, and communities all across our State. 
One witness from the Nebraska State 
Home Builders Association noted that 25 percent of the current cost associ-ated with building a new home are due to existing regulations. Adding more Federal rules and regulations will only put that American dream of owning a home out of reach for most of us. That is not right, and that is not the kind of government people want. 
Additionally, the Common Sense Ne-
braska Coalition noted that the sweep-ing impact of this rule would affect ev-eryone, from county officials trying to build a road to farmers trying to man-age that rainwater runoff. 
The WOTUS rule affects much more 
than rural America. Our municipalities are charged with wastewater, storm water, and flood control systems, as well as providing drinking water, elec-tricity, and natural gas to our citizens. Taxpayers will shoulder these added costs. We are going to pay more for road construction. We will pay more for levees that protect our drinking water. We will pay more for waste-water improvements, and that will cost our families. Those higher taxes will hurt our families. 
With the expanded definition of ‘‘nav-
igable water’’ under this rule and our extensive aquifer system, the Federal Government can assert control over nearly all the water in the State of Ne-braska. Nebraskans take their role in protecting and conserving our natural resources very seriously. Responsible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.064 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7706 November 3, 2015 
resource management, including the 
careful stewardship of our water, is the cornerstone of my State’s economy. 
We all also understand that the peo-
ple closest to a resource are the ones who manage it best. That is a principle that is shared across this country. That is why I am committed to work-ing with my colleagues to manage re-sponsibly our Nation’s water for our current and future generations. I don’t believe the Federal Government should focus on ways to make life harder for people. That is not what we were sent to do. Instead we need to explore policy options that will promote growth and conservation. 
I am proud to be an original cospon-
sor of the Federal Water Quality Pro-tection Act. This important bipartisan legislation would have set clear limits on the Federal regulation of water. I am disappointed the Obama adminis-tration would force this irresponsible, overreaching rule on hard-working Americans. We have a duty to roll back this rule. We have a duty to prevent the harm it will inflict. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
come together on this so we can ensure that job creators, communities, and families from across the country can continue to prosper. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, 
there is a saying by Thomas Hornsby Ferrill engraved on the walls of the Colorado State Capitol that reads, ‘‘Here is a land where life is written in water. . . . ’’ I come to the floor to talk about the most precious natural re-source in the West; that is, of course, our water. Water in the West has helped shape communities, agriculture, tourism, and industry. The manage-ment of that water has been tradition-ally controlled at the State and local level, not the Federal Government. 
Colorado is the State of origin for 
four major river basins: The Colorado, the Arkansas, the Platte, and the Rio Grande. These water basins help make for a robust agricultural economy throughout the State. According to the Colorado Department of Agriculture, this industry contributes nearly $41 billion to the State economy and em-ploys nearly 173,000 people. Colorado has more than 35,000 farms and ranches and more than 31 million acres for farming and ranching. 
The State ranks in the top five na-
tionwide for production of products ranging from potatoes and cantaloupes to sunflowers and wheat. Unfortu-nately, the Environmental Protection Agency has decided to put forth a rule that would endanger many of these 
farms as well as the jobs and local economies they help support. The waters of the United States rule, known as WOTUS, would significantly expand the definition of navigable waters under the Clean Water Act. With this rule, the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers have unilaterally decided that isolated ponds and irriga-tion ditches may be subject to the same Federal oversight as the Mis-sissippi River. They are doing all of this based on authority passed by Con-gress more than 40 years ago. 
Instead, this rule could have signifi-
cant negative impacts on agriculture, industry, local utilities, and water dis-tricts, merely by the uncertainty it 
creates with local entities trying to de-termine if their water is subject to Federal oversight. 
According to the Colorado Farm Bu-
reau, an additional 1.3 million acres of land and an additional 170,000 stream miles in Colorado alone could be sub-ject to Federal Government jurisdic-tion. It is important to point out that Colorado is a lower 48 State, one of the only lower 48 States that has all water flowing out of it and no water flowing into it. Farmers and ranchers would likely be subjected to increased per-mitting requirements under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act to canals and ditches on their own land. Even if their land is exempted, as some would have you believe from the WOTUS rule under the proposed exclusions, there is already an air of uncertainty for these farmers and ranchers who will have to try and navigate the Federal bureauc-racy to determine if they have to apply for the increased permitting require-ments. 
It is no secret that the Environ-
mental Protection Agency often works very slowly in the regulatory and per-mitting process. Two water projects in Colorado with bipartisan support, the Northern Integrated Supply Project and Gross Reservoir Expansion, have languished in the regulatory process for more than a decade. The waters of the United States rule is simply not the answer. 
The Federal Government should not 
be passing expansive new laws without the consent of Congress to regulate every drop of water. The EPA wants you to believe that the proposed WOTUS rule is not a major expansion of power and that this rule does not add any new requirements for agri-culture or interfere with private prop-erty rights or include the regulation of most irrigation ditches. 
Fortunately, our Nation maintains a 
separation of power. On October 9, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-cuit issued a nationwide stay for the waters of the United States rule after a lawsuit was filed by 18 States, includ-ing the State of Colorado. The order of stay specifically states that the rule ef-fectively redraws the jurisdictional lines over our Nation’s waters and that the States and others would be harmed if the justice system did not act. I applaud the Sixth Circuit for their 
action and for the 18 States that moved forward to protect control of the water within their boundaries. Now I believe it is time for Congress to act. Unfortu-nately, yesterday we watched as a strictly partisan minority blocked S. 1140, the Federal Water Quality Protec-tion Act authored by Senator B
AR-
RASSO of Wyoming. 
This legislation, which had moved 
through the Senate under regular order and in a bipartisan fashion, would seek to have the EPA and others make sig-nificant revisions to the WOTUS rule and would throw out the current rule. It calls for significant consultations with State and local governments who actually control the water. I believe this consultation process is a signifi-cant step forward. 
I have heard from many water dis-
tricts and utilities throughout Colo-rado. They all have major concerns with the WOTUS rule in its current form and the unintended consequences of the rule. But because of this par-tisan minority of Senators blocking the legislative vehicle to try to address the many shortcomings of the WOTUS rule, I believe we have no other choice but to move forward in disapproving of the rule in its entirety. I applaud my friend and colleague Senator E
RNST of 
Iowa for her work in introducing S.J. Res. 22, which provides for Congres-sional disapproval of the waters of the United States rule. 
That is why I have come to the floor 
today, to urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on S.J. Res. 22 because in Colorado, we know that we have to stick up for our water rights. In Colorado, we know we have to stand up for our water law. In Colo-rado, we know that we have to keep the Feds’ hands off our water rights. I urge the adoption of this measure. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am 
here to actually address some of the re-cent developments on the Keystone XL Pipeline. Before going into that, I would like to take a minute, though, and mention the Congressional Review Act that is before us now and how im-portant it is that we pass it. 
I want to commend Senator E
RNST  
for her diligence on this very impor-tant matter. The waters of the United States is a regulation issued by the 
EPA that goes far beyond their statu-tory authority, far beyond the statu-tory authority that Congress has given them under a legal theory referred to as ‘‘significant nexus.’’ It is something I have worked on for a long time. In fact, I have included a bill that would defund the regulation as part of the EPA appropriations bill in our appro-priations, both at the subcommittee and the full committee level. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.065 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7707 November 3, 2015 
So I certainly hope and feel that the 
good Senator from Iowa will be suc-cessful in this CRA effort, as far as get-ting it through Congress. I think it will go through in strong fashion in both 
the Senate and the House, thanks to her good work and, of course, the un-derlying importance of the issue. 
Of course, our challenge will be with 
the administration. I hope the adminis-tration will look at the strong support here in Congress and listen to the peo-ple of this great country, the farmers and ranchers across our country, and the small business people across the country who know so well that WOTUS is a serious problem for them. I hope the President will consider them and not veto the legislation, but I am con-cerned that he will veto it. And if he does, then we will continue to work through the appropriations process to defund this legislation. 
Again, even if we are not able to de-
authorize it through the CRA process, we will work to defund it. Of course, the disadvantage with defunding is that only goes for a year, but obviously that would take us through most of the balance of the Obama administration and hopefully get us to a fresh start. 
I think the key point, though, is that 
we rescind this onerous regulation. That can be through deauthorizing it, it can be through defunding it, and, in fact, it can be through litigation. I think in excess of 30 States have joined in litigation across the country push-ing back on this onerous regulation. In fact, the Federal district court in North Dakota stayed the regulation. That stay was upheld, that injunction was upheld by the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati, OH. So right now there is a national stay on this regulation, which I think just goes to show that we are on the right track here because we are coming at it from so many angles with so many people who are saying: Look, this is common sense. This is a big-time overreach by EPA. It adversely affects farmers, ranchers, small businesses, and prop-erty rights. In fact, in this great coun-try, it adversely affects property rights. So through deauthorization, defunding, and the legal process, we will work to rescind it. 
Again, I wish to echo the strong com-
ments of my esteemed colleague from the great State of Colorado and also acknowledge and commend the good Senator from the State of Iowa on her efforts to lead the charge. 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE  
Mr. President, I wish to speak, as I 
said, for up to 10 minutes as in morning business on the subject of the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
Yesterday, after 7 years—7 years 
starting in September of 2008—the TransCanada company asked the U.S. State Department to pause or suspend its application to build the Keystone XL Pipeline. The company asked for that pause because it is working through an application process for route approval by the Public Service Commission in Nebraska. The Gov-
ernor and the legislature in Nebraska actually approved the route for the pipeline in Nebraska, but after many lawsuits in the State of Nebraska and demonstrations, often led by movie stars and other celebrities, the com-pany has chosen what I would call a belt-and-suspenders approach. Essen-tially, they have decided that in spite of the fact that they have received ap-proval from the Governor, the legisla-ture, and that that decision has been upheld by the Nebraska Supreme Court, they are going back and they are going through the process with the Nebraska Public Service Commission. 
So that is why I say it is really a belt- and-suspenders approach. Now they are going back, and in addition to the ap-provals they have already received, in addition to the decision by the Ne-braska Supreme Court, now they are going back through the Public Service Commission process in Nebraska as well. The thing about that is it will take about a year to do it. 
So now TransCanada is asking for 
forbearance from the Obama adminis-tration—not because the company hasn’t met all the legal and regulatory requirements. It has. It has met all of them and it spent millions of dollars doing so. But, rather, TransCanada is asking for forbearance on the project because the company is once again going through all of the requirements, all the regulations, and all the redtape to get every approval—State, local, and ultimately Federal—for the project. That is why I call it, as I said, the belt- and-suspenders approach. 
Now we will see what the Obama ad-
ministration does with TransCanada’s request. Will they now hold off or wait on their denial decision, which the Obama administration obviously wants to make based on their environmental agenda, or will they honor TransCanada’s request to pause or sus-pend the project, just as they have made TransCanada wait now for 7 years pending all of the administra-tion’s requirements, including the Obama administration’s adamant con-cern that the process in Nebraska be fully completed before the administra-tion render a decision. Remember, this administration made a big deal about waiting until the Nebraska process was fully completed before the administra-tion would make a decision. So let’s see what they do. As I have just out-lined, that process would probably take another year. 
So will they forbear on making a de-
cision now after they held the process up 7 years? Will they honor the request by TransCanada to pause while the company completes this process in Ne-braska or will they say no, in spite of their concern that that be fully com-pleted? Will they go ahead and in es-sence reverse themselves on process and deny the project? Well, we will see. We will see what they do. But if they don’t grant this pause or suspend the application pending completion of the project in Nebraska, it seems to me 
like a double standard. On the one hand, they hold up the project for 7 years and they say the company must go fully through the process in Ne-braska. So for them now to say ‘‘No, we are not going to provide the time to do that’’ seems, in fact, very much like a double standard. 
As I have talked about in this Cham-
ber before and as I think the adminis-tration is very well aware—and I think that is part of the reason they have held up on making a decision rather than turning down the project—this is a project which is overwhelmingly sup-ported by the American people. In poll after poll, there is 65 percent to 70 per-cent support by the American people. Also, it is supported by Congress. It passed overwhelmingly with more than 60 votes in this Chamber. It passed with a big bipartisan majority in the House. 
Another consideration obviously now 
for the administration is, what about the new administration in Canada? The Trudeau administration is coming in, and the new Prime Minister in Canada supports the project. So what is the message to Canada if the administra-tion says ‘‘No, we are not going to honor that company’s request for a stay or a pause or an extension on the project now’’ and instead goes ahead and turns it down? 
The administration’s own Quadren-
nial Energy Review dedicates a whole chapter to the benefits of integrating North American energy markets. The administration states that ‘‘energy system integration is in the long term interest of the United States, Canada, and Mexico, as it expands the size of energy markets, creates economies of scale to attract private investment, lowers capital costs, and reduces en-ergy costs for consumers.’’ That is right out of their own Quadrennial En-ergy Review, prepared by their own De-partment of Energy, which says we need to work with Canada on energy. 
So what will they do? In spite of all 
of that, will they turn down the project now or will they treat the company fairly and give them due process? 
Well, regardless of the decision the 
Obama administration makes, I think in the final analysis the project will be approved. It might take a year, it might take a little over a year, but I think in the final analysis this project will be approved. It should be approved because the people of this country overwhelmingly support it and recog-nize that it is in their interest and to their benefit. But what it really comes down to is the merits. In the final anal-ysis, a project should be approved or disapproved on the merits, right? And the merits are these, very simple: To build the kind of energy plan that we want for this country, where we are en-ergy secure—meaning we produce more energy than we consume—we have to build the energy infrastructure we need to move that energy safely and effi-ciently from where it is produced to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.069 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7708 November 3, 2015 
where it is consumed. That means we 
need pipelines, we need transmission lines, we need rail, and we need road to move that energy as safely and cost-ef-fectively as possible. 
If you think about it, that doesn’t 
mean just oil and gas; that means all types of energy. That means renew-ables too, right, to move those elec-trons through transmission lines. We need the energy infrastructure for the right kind of energy plan for this coun-try—energy from sources, traditional and renewable, to move that energy as safely and as cost-effectively as pos-sible. 
So what is the message here? The 
message is very simple: If we want companies to step up and invest the hundreds of millions and billions of dollars it takes to build that infra-structure, then we have to have a legal and regulatory process where they know that if they go through it and they meet all the requirements, they can then get approval for the hundreds of millions that they invest to get that done and to build these projects. 
That is energy infrastructure we 
need to build so that we don’t continue to rely on OPEC or let Russia dominate the energy markets or rely on coun-tries such as Venezuela, and ulti-mately, that is what the American peo-ple want. That energy security, that energy independence, if you will, work-ing with our closest friend and ally, like Canada, and developing energy in this country, is what the American people want. That is what the Amer-ican people want because it makes us strong and secure. 
This is just one project, but it is 
about all of the projects we need to build to make this Nation energy se-cure. That is why ultimately this project will be approved on the merits. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
THE BUDGET  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak this evening a little bit about the budget deal that was recently en-acted. There are three parts of that I wish to address. One is the spending in-creases, another is the debt ceiling, and finally there is the Crime Victims Fund, which—I am very upset about this. 
Starting with spending, it shouldn’t 
be controversial—but of course it is— that we spend too much money here. We spend way too much money. There are any number of metrics that would confirm and demonstrate how much we overspend, but I think the most com-pelling is the size of the deficit that all this spending is creating, with record revenue. I want to underscore that. The Federal Treasury is taking in record amounts of tax revenue. So with alltime-record levels of revenue, we are still spending so much above and be-yond that that this year we are going to run about a $450 billion deficit. 
There are some people in this town 
who practically sprained their arms patting themselves on their backs be-
cause it used to be a $1 trillion deficit. That is true, but $450 billion is still way too much. We have too much debt now, and a $450 billion deficit this year is going to add $450 billion to a debt level that is already too big. And guess what. All forecasts, everybody’s fore-casts—liberal, conservative, Democrat, Republican, CBO, private sector—ev-erybody agrees the deficits are on path to get worse. So we are spending too much. Our deficits are too big. They are adding to a debt that is already too high, already doing damage to our economy, our ability to create jobs, be-cause of all the uncertainty and the risk that all this debt creates. And what happens? The only spending dis-cipline we have been able to achieve in recent years—the spending caps that were enacted in 2011—the President in-sists we have to bust them. 
Many of us believe we should be 
spending more on defense. If we are going to do that—I think part of our job is to prioritize spending. National security, defending our country, should be our No. 1 priority, and since we need to spend more there, you offset that 
with spending reductions somewhere else. That would be the prudent thing to do. But that is not what the Presi-dent insisted on. The President insisted that if we were going to spend any-thing more on defense, we had to match that dollar-for-dollar with in-creased spending elsewhere. So not only were we not offsetting the in-crease in defense spending, but we were compounding the spending by increas-ing the nondefense spending. So this deal busts the spending caps, and, in fact, the deficits will be larger than they otherwise would be. 
That leads me to the second point, 
and that is the debt ceiling. Let’s think about the context of where we are. When President Obama took office, the total amount of debt owed to the pub-lic—the amount of money the Treasury had borrowed because of previous defi-cits was less than $6 trillion. It was a very big number, but it was less than $6 trillion. By the end of next year, it is going to be over $13 trillion. So this President, by the time he leaves office, will have more than doubled the total amount of debt we have borrowed to fund these deficits. Another way to think about it is that this President will have added to our debt burden by an amount greater than the sum total of every single one of his predecessors combined, from George Washington to George W. Bush. This is a staggering 
amount of debt that we have imposed on ourselves, our kids, our grandkids, our economy, and on our ability to be a productive country. 
And what did the President say in re-
sponse to all this debt? Give me the au-thority to borrow more with no condi-tions. We are not even going to have a discussion or a negotiation about the underlying problem that is causing all of this debt. 
I think that is, frankly, outrageous, 
and it is extremely unusual because for decades now American Presidents have 
met with Congress, and when we have had discussions in the past about the level of debt and what we are going to do about it—when the Presidents have said we need to increase our debt ceil-ing so that we can borrow more money—that has very typically in-cluded a discussion about dealing with 
the underlying problems. 
There are many examples of this. 
Back in 1985, during the Reagan admin-istration, it was in the context of a debt ceiling debate that we passed the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings measure, which was about limiting our deficits and reducing the amount of debt we would incur going forward. In 1990 George Herbert Walker Bush nego-tiated with Congress the Budget En-forcement Act, which again was related to a debt ceiling increase at the time and which adopted measures to deal with the deficits of that day. In 1997, William Jefferson Clinton—President Clinton—with a Republican Congress sat down and negotiated a balanced budget agreement. And you know what happened? They balanced the budget. So President Clinton decided to work with Republicans in Congress to deal with this underlying problem, and within a few years we actually had bal-anced budgets. 
Then in 2011, in the context of the 
debt ceiling increase that was dis-cussed at the time and eventually raised, these spending caps were estab-lished as a way to at least do some-thing about this runaway spending and these excessive deficits and the debt. But this time the President had a dif-ferent view. His view was that he would not even have a discussion. There would be no negotiations, no consider-ation. We are not even going to talk about the underlying problem. He wanted to have unlimited authority to borrow more money through the end of his Presidency, and that is what is in this deal. 
So what can we expect? We can ex-
pect a whole lot more debt. That is ex-actly what is going to happen. By the way, contrary to what some in the ad-ministration like to say, this has noth-ing to do with paying for past bills. We have paid for those bills. This is to en-able excessive spending going for-ward—the deficits we are going to incur because this President is insist-ing on this overspending. 
Let me get to the last point I wanted 
to stress today, which is one of the really disturbing things about this budget deal and what it has done with the Crime Victims Fund. By way of background, the Crime Victims Fund was a fund established in 1984. It con-sists exclusively of monies that are as-sessed to convicted criminals—cor-porate or individuals. As part of their punishment, they are made to pay a fine, and the fine goes into an account with the Federal Government. It actu-ally is quite substantial. Year in and year out this ends up being actually billions of dollars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.071 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7709 November 3, 2015 
The statute requires, first of all, that 
all this money go to victims of crimes and their advocates, and specifically, it requires a priority for victims of child abuse, sexual assault, and domestic vi-olence and that those three categories of crimes be given a special priority. There are organizations that do won-derful work across Pennsylvania and across the country in helping people who are victims of these terrible, ter-rible crimes that are so difficult to re-cover from. There are groups of people who do great work in helping these vic-tims to recover. 
The whole idea of the Crime Victims 
Fund is to take these dollars from the criminals—not a penny of tax dollars— and give it to the victims of crimes and the people who are advocates for them. But what this budget deal does is it takes $1.5 billion out of the Crime Vic-tims Fund and it spends it on other things. 
I think this is outrageous. This is not 
taxpayer money in the first place. It is not as though we don’t have victims of crimes anymore. Obviously, we still do. And we have organizations that can do great work if they had the resources. But in the absence of resources, it means that children who are victims of child abuse don’t get the counseling and the care they need. It means a vic-tim of domestic violence doesn’t have a place to stay when she needs protec-tion from an abusing spouse. It means people who really need these services are going to go without because we are diverting this money that is supposed to be going to crime victims and we are spending it somewhere else. 
The most important thing I want to 
say tonight is that it is not too late to fix this. What the Congress passed and the President signed last week paves the way to misallocate this money from the Crime Victims Fund, but it doesn’t require that to happen. So I have a bill that will fix this problem. I have a bill called the Fairness for Crime Victims Act, and what it will do is it will require that the money go to the victims, as it was always intended. 
By the way, the idea that we should 
not be diverting the Crime Victims Fund to these other miscellaneous spending categories is a bipartisan idea. There is broad bipartisan support for the idea that the money in the Crime Victims Fund should go to vic-tims of crime. The Wall Street Journal ran an article on Sunday, and they quoted a crime advocate describing the budget deal saying, this deal ‘‘violates the integrity of a decades-old program that funds safe havens for domestic vi-olence victims, counseling for abused children and financial aid for murder victims’ families, among other pro-grams.’’ 
Josh Shapiro is the chairman of the 
Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency, and he wrote about this provision in the budget deal. He said that it ‘‘puts in danger our com-mitment to victims of crime through-out our country.’’ Democratic members of the Pennsylvania State House agree 
with me that this money should not be diverted this way. They sent a letter, among other things, saying that the budget deal increases spending to ‘‘the detriment of current and future crime victims’’ and that this constitutes ‘‘a terrible precedent.’’ 
I couldn’t agree more, and that is 
why I hope we will pass my legislation, the Fairness for Crime Victims Act. It ends this injustice. Here is the way it works. It is very simple. It simply re-quires that Congress allocate to crime victims and their advocates an amount equal to the sum of the previous 3-year average that went into the fund. So the short way to think about it is that it means we are going to send to crime victims the money that comes in for crime victims, and we are not going to send it somewhere else. 
This means that victims of crime and 
their advocates are going to see a big increase in this funding, because for years Congress has refused to allocate all of the money that has been coming in. In the past, they just refused to al-locate it. There are budgetary gim-mickry reasons for doing that, and this needs to come to end. We certainly can’t continue diverting this fund for other purposes. 
We have had colleagues—Members of 
this body—come to the floor and make the point that we shouldn’t use Medi-care and Social Security funds as an ATM to fund other programs. I agree. We also shouldn’t use the Crime Vic-tims Fund, which is not a single dime of taxpayer money. We shouldn’t use that to fund other programs either. It is not too late to do the right thing for victims of some of the most heinous crimes that are committed anywhere. 
I urge my colleagues to help pass this 
piece of legislation. This was reported out of the Committee on the Budget unanimously. There was very broad bi-partisan support. What happened in this budget deal is an illustration of why my legislation is necessary. Money that is left around in a pot somewhere in this town gets spent pretty quickly by someone for some-thing. This money needs to go to crime victims. If we pass my legislation, that is where it will go. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I 
want to talk about what we have been debating today on the Senate floor, the waters of the United States rule, and legislation that has received bipartisan support so far. We think it needs a lot more support on why this is so impor-tant for the country. 
I was a cosponsor of Senator B
AR-
RASSO ’s bill. Unfortunately, that bill 
didn’t get the 60 votes necessary, but Senator E
RNST has a resolution that I 
think is going to be very important to pass that would stop this rule from 
being enacted by the EPA. Hopefully, we will see if the President, once this is put on his desk, has the common sense to sign it rather than veto it. I want to put this rule in a much 
broader context, to put the debate we are having on the waters of the United States rule into the broader context of actually what is happening in our country and how the EPA’s waters of the United States rule is actually a symbol for much broader problems that I think the vast majority of Americans recognize. 
The other night I went to a premiere 
of a short film on the Trans-Alaska Pipeline system, what we call in Alas-ka TAPS. It is Alaska’s 800-mile artery of steel that was done in the most re-sponsible manner, in terms of the envi-ronment, that brings much energy to our country. When it was built, it was actually one of the biggest private sec-
tor construction projects ever in the history of our great Nation, and lit-erally directly and indirectly employed tens of thousands of Americans. It has carried almost 17 billion barrels of American oil to energy-thirsty Amer-ican markets and continues to provide thousands and thousands of jobs, not only in Alaska but throughout the country. It is certainly a technological and environmental marvel. Here is the thing: That kind of huge project was built in 3 years. 
Think about that, 800 miles of steel 
pipeline, crossing 3 mountain ranges, more than 30 major rivers and streams, and it took Americans 3 years to build it. Go to Alaska and it is functioning incredibly well today. We are reminded of how, when this Nation puts its mind to something, we can get great things done. In many ways, Congress played a critical role in making sure that in-credible energy infrastructure system happened. 
We are a great nation, but I must 
admit when I was watching this movie last week with a bunch of Alaskans— Senator M
URKOWSKI , DONYOUNG , and 
others—I did feel a sense of unease, al-most a little nostalgia, when we were watching this film about this great project that Americans came together from all over the country to build. We all know we used to do great things here and built great things. Let me give a few examples. 
In Alaska is what is called the Alcan 
Highway, the Alaska-Canada Highway, through some of the world’s most rug-ged terrain, 1,700 miles, built in under 1 year. We built the Empire State Building in 410 days. We built the Pen-tagon in 16 months, the Hoover Dam, the Interstate Highway System, put-ting a man on the Moon—I could go on and on and on. When we look at the history of this country, it is a history of getting big things done, and it is not just getting big things done. These projects were a symbol of American pride, of American greatness, and they also created tens of thousands of jobs— great jobs, middle-class jobs, which gave workers a sense that what they were doing was very important in their daily lives and very important to their country. 
In Alaska still, when you talk to 
someone who worked on TAPS, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.073 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7710 November 3, 2015 
constructed this—for the country— 
they talk about it in terms of pride, in terms of what they were doing for their State but also what they were doing for America and how everybody came together to build this. 
Here is a sad fact: These kind of 
projects are not being built today. In-stead, we have become a redtape Na-tion. Instead of symbols of techno-logical wonder, national pride, and American ingenuity, we now hear story after story—and we have all heard them in the Senate—of delay and dis-cord and disappointment, all of which symbolizes a country that can’t get things done. The main culprit—the main culprit—is right here: Wash-ington, DC, the ‘‘Capital of Dysfunc-tion.’’ Whether it is the Keystone Pipe-line, transmission lines in California or bridges or highways or runways across the country, killing crucial develop-ment in infrastructure projects through permitting and regulatory delay and Federal agency overreach with new rules upon new rules—and all they do is stop development—this cer-tainly has been a hallmark of the Obama administration. The WOTUS rule—the EPA’s waters of the United States rule—is just the latest mani-festation of this. As we know, this is happening all over the country. 
Frequently, because of the political 
risks, the President and members of his administration, like Gina McCarthy, will not openly oppose economic devel-opment projects. Instead, they will wrap them in redtape until they delay them to death. Let me give some exam-ples. 
In 2008, Shell acquired leases in the 
Arctic Ocean off the coast of Alaska for over $2 billion. That is a company going to the Federal Government. The Federal Government is saying: We want to lease this land to you. A com-pany says: We will give you billions in return—the Federal Government; that money has already been spent, the bil-lions—to develop natural resources. Of course, this was big news in Alaska. New production of oil would have filled up three-quarters of TAPS, which I talked about earlier. It would have cre-ated jobs, some estimates are in the tens of thousands of jobs, direct and in-direct jobs, and provided much needed State and local revenue and energy se-curity for our country. 
So what happened? Remember, the 
Federal Government is inviting a pri-vate sector company to do this. It didn’t take long for this project to run into a maddening array of often con-flicting and confusing permitting chal-lenges, drilling moratoriums, new regu-lations, environmental lawsuits, per-mitting confusions, that year after year kept the drill bit above the ground. 
Now, jump to 2015. What had once 
been a very robust exploration program has resulted in what happened this summer: The permission, finally, to drill one exploration well off the coast of Alaska where hundreds of wells have already been drilled safely. We have 
been doing this safely in Alaska for decades. 
Let me sum it up. It took 7 years, $7 
billion, to get permission to drill one 
exploration well in 100 feet of water; 7 years, $7 billion, to finally get the Fed-eral Government’s permission to drill one single exploration well in 100 feet of water. No company in the world can endure that. This was a project that was meant to be delayed, delayed, de-layed until it was killed. 
Some of my colleagues have been 
celebrating this—celebrating this. I think that is sad because what they are really celebrating is the loss of very good jobs for Americans throughout the country. In many ways they are celebrating what is a symbol of Amer-ica’s decline. 
These resources in the Arctic are 
going to be developed one way or the other, and it is either going to be by countries like us who have the highest, most responsible standards on the envi-ronment or countries like Russia and China who don’t. So the Russians and Chinese are now going to be in charge. They are going to be producing the en-ergy, they are going to be getting the jobs, and they are not going to care at all about the environment. So instead of a win-win-win for the United States, this is a lose-lose-lose. Yet we have Members of this body celebrating this. Again, this is not a problem confined to my State or energy programs in terms of the delay, delay, delay. Let me provide a few examples. 
We had a recent Senate commerce 
committee hearing on aviation infra-structure. Everybody thinks aviation infrastructure is important. I certainly do. The manager of the Seattle airport was testifying. As part of his role as CEO of the American Association of Airport Executives, he talked about how it took almost 4 years to build the Seattle airport’s new runway. It seems like a fair amount of time. Maybe a construction project like that takes a fair amount of time. I had a question for him, which I didn’t know the an-swer to. I asked him: How long did it take to get the Federal permits, to go through the Federal permitting system to build this additional runway at the Seattle airport? 
His answer: 15 years—15 years to get 
the Federal permits to build a runway. You could have heard—well, you did hear the whole committee, the whole audience. They gasped. Then he said: They built the Great Pyramids of Egypt faster than that. 
This is what is going on in our coun-
try, and this town is to blame. It is happening all over the country. Ameri-cans need to know this. It only took 9 years to permit a desalinization plan, which would provide much needed fresh water to drought-stricken California. Simply razing a bridge in New York— not building a new bridge, razing one— took 5 years and 20,000 pages of Federal permitting requirements. 
The average time it now takes in 
America to get Federal approval for a major highway project is more than 6 
years—again, not to build a highway but to get the Federal permission. It took almost 20 years, if you include the litigation, to get Federal permission to build a single gold mine in Alaska—20 years. We had to take that all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court because the Federal Government was not sup-porting us. Now the Kensington mine employs over 300 people at an average 
wage of $100,000 per person. Those are great jobs. We have a Federal Govern-ment that wants to delay, delay, delay. 
Let’s talk about the Keystone Pipe-
line. We had a debate here—7 years and counting to build a pipeline in terms of the Federal permits. Who is hurt by this? Our friends on the other side talk a lot about the companies and every-thing—TransCanada. The people who are hurt by this are American families, middle-class workers, union members. 
One of the most surprising things I 
saw as a freshman this year when we were debating the override of the Key-stone Pipeline—the State Department had predicted this would create as many as 30,000 jobs. These are good jobs—construction jobs, real jobs, real Americans working to build something important. I was presiding in the Chair like you, Mr. President, and some of the Members on the other side of the aisle started arguing that these aren’t real jobs because they are temporary, that this isn’t going to create 30,000 jobs because they are temporary jobs. I about fell out of my chair. Construc-tion jobs aren’t real jobs? Since when is that the case? 
According to the President’s own 
Small Business Administration, the regulatory costs on small businesses in the United States are close to $2 tril-lion per year. That is $15,000 per fam-ily. The bottom line is, we know we can do better. We have to do better if we want to grow this country and cre-ate jobs. 
I believe there is a silver lining. I be-
lieve things have gotten so bad that this delay is happening everywhere on projects that matter to us as a nation. Projects that are so weighted down under redtape are making Americans, regardless of party, start to take note. I have seen a silver lining here. Both Democrats and Republicans are start-ing to demand change. They are de-manding bold and serious regulatory reform. 
I have had conversations with Mem-
bers of both sides of the aisle here about how important this is for our economy, how important it is for jobs. That is why this debate today on the waters of the United States is so im-portant. 
Unfortunately, we didn’t get the 
number of bills. We did have a pretty strong bipartisan group. I think we would have gotten to 59—1 vote short to move forward. It is unfortunate that the other side couldn’t see the merits of this. But this rule will not help grow our economy. This rule will continue to stifle growth. This rule will cer-tainly continue to kill jobs. It takes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.076 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7711 November 3, 2015 
what we all want—certainly, the whole 
idea of protecting our water, clean water. In my State of Alaska we have the cleanest water of any State in the country. We win awards every year for our clean, pristine water. It is not be-cause the EPA is making that happen; it is because Alaskans are making that happen. But it takes the Clean Water Act and somehow, through a rule that the EPA itself has devised, it gives the EPA the power to regulate not major rivers but water in our backyards, lit-erally. 
Almost certainly this rule doesn’t 
comport with Federal law. We have now had two courts say that. There is a stay on it nationally. The Sixth Cir-cuit has put a stay on this rule. Over 30 States have sued to stop this rule—a bipartisan coalition of States—because it is almost certainly not legal. 
I asked Administrator McCarthy 
about the legal opinion, the legal basis they had for this rule. I have never got-ten an answer from the EPA Adminis-trator. I am not sure they even care. In the last two Supreme Court terms, the EPA has lost two big cases in the U.S. Supreme Court. They have lost the Sixth Circuit case for now. Unfortu-nately, we had the Administrator of the EPA on TV a few months ago, on the eve of this Supreme Court case— EPA vs. Michigan. When asked if she was going to win the case, she said: We think we are going to win, but ulti-mately it doesn’t really matter because the companies have already had to comply with hundreds of millions of dollars. Think about that. Think about what she said. 
This rule is going to have a huge, 
profound impact on my State. Alaska has more waters under the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act than any other State in the country. Over 50 percent of America’s wetlands are located in Alas-ka. 
I held multiple field hearings as a 
chairman of the subcommittee on fish-eries, water, and wildlife on the waters of the United States rule. It is clear to me that Alaskans of vastly different backgrounds, ideologies, and different parts of the State are opposed to this rule. One group in my State said the rule would ‘‘straitjacket any develop-ment.’’ Another said that it would have negative impacts on ‘‘virtually any economic development project’’ in Alaska. 
One project we are very focused on in 
Alaska—we are having a special session right now in our State legislature—is the Alaska LNG Project, a very large- scale LNG project that, like TAPS, will be great for the country and create thousands of jobs and energy security for Americans and our allies. This rule, if left in its present form, will very negatively impact the cost and timeline of that project. 
Simply put, the waters of the United 
States is one of the largest land grabs in history, and it is an example of the kind of challenges we need to address here to get our economy moving again, to create good jobs for Americans. It is 
why this debate we are having is so im-portant. 
These are problems we can fix. We 
know we can fix them. Americans sent us here to fix these problems, and we need to start by stopping rules like the waters of the United States that under-mine our country’s future and the jobs that we need throughout this country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
see a number of Senators on the floor. I don’t know if there is an order at this point that has been established. What is our manner of proceeding? Senator I
SAKSON is here. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time agreement. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Chair recognize Senator W
HITEHOUSE from Rhode Island, fol-
lowed by Senator I SAKSON , and then 
Senator D AINES . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Before that mat-
ter is settled, reserving the right to ob-ject, I will be speaking for about 15 minutes. If one of you is going to be quicker than that, particularly signifi-cantly quicker—not 14 minutes—I would be happy to yield and let some-body go first. 
Mr. ISAKSON. The Senator from 
Montana is going to preside at 6:30 p.m., so I think he is the one who will need to go, and I will go after the Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Why doesn’t the 
Senator from Montana proceed with his remarks. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Chair rec-ognize the Senator from Montana, Mr. D
AINES , followed by Senator W HITE-
HOUSE , followed by Senator I SAKSON . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today 
the Senate came a few votes shy of passing legislation to protect our farm-ers, ranchers, and small business own-ers from major new costs and regu-latory burdens. I appreciate the bipar-tisan support demonstrated today by four key Senate Democrats. I have to say, I am disappointed that others chose instead to put loyalty to Presi-dent Obama before the concerns of the constituents, the concerns of those people they represent. 
Montanans know that this power 
grab has more to do with controlling Montanans’ land-use decisions than en-suring access to clean water as the Clean Water Act intended. This is an ill-conceived rule that provides the EPA unprecedented power to regulate virtually any spot across Montana that is occasionally wet. This could have a devastating impact on Montana jobs, on Montana’s natural resources and ag industries, and on Montanans’ property rights. 
Don’t just take my word for it. PO-
LITICO recently described it as having the potential to ‘‘give bureaucrats 
carte blanche to swoop in and penalize landowners every time a cow walks through a ditch.’’ The EPA’s own esti-mates show this rule will cost Ameri-cans between $158 million and $465 mil-lion a year. 
The New York Times describes how 
harrowing this situation is for Mon-tana farmers: ‘‘Farmers fear that the rule could impose major new costs and burdens, requiring them to pay fees for environmental assessments and obtain permits just to till the soil near gul-lies, ditches, or dry streambeds where water flows only when it rains.’’ 
In Montana, this rule has received a 
severe rebuke from our farmers, our ranchers, and our small businesses who simply can’t afford this overreach. The Montana chamber president and CEO, Webb Brown, said: 
If this rule stands, there will be tremen-
dous cost to our states, our economies, and our employers, and their employees’ fami-lies. Under this unprecedented extension of federal power, land and water use decisions will be made in Washington, D.C., far from the affected local communities. 
Here is what Gene Curry of Valier, 
MT, from the Montana Stockgrowers Association says: ‘‘This rule is an un-wise and unwarranted expansion of EPA’s regulatory authority over Mon-tana’s waters, and would have a signifi-cant detrimental impact on Montana’s ranchers.’’ 
Listen to Charlie Bumgarner, presi-
dent of the Montana Grain Growers. I met with Charlie a week ago in Mon-tana. Charlie says this: ‘‘If imple-mented, the final WOTUS rule would have a devastating impact on grain growers across the state.’’ 
Listen to Dustin Stewart with the 
Montana Homebuilders Association. I grew up in the home building industry. My dad is a home builder. Here is what Dustin had to say: ‘‘The EPA’s waters of the U.S. regulation is an incurably flawed rule. . . . ’’ 
Dave Galt, the executive director of 
the Montana Petroleum Association, said: 
The EPA’s new water rule is an unneces-
sary expansion of jurisdiction for the Federal Government. The EPA’s rule will negatively impact all land-use industries including agri-culture and energy production. 
Yet, despite this broad opposition, 
President Obama is moving forward with yet another out-of-touch Wash-ington, DC, regulation. But already two Federal courts have issued a stay on this misguided rule, demonstrating the questionable legal ground this reg-ulation stands on. This is a rule issued by the same Federal Agency that has continued to perpetuate a war on American energy. In fact, earlier this year we saw the Supreme Court issue a severe rebuke of the EPA’s mercury and air toxic standards which would have a direct and lasting impact on our economy in Montana. This MATS rule, just like WOTUS, is just one of the new, burdensome regulations cooked up by the Obama administration and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.077 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7712 November 3, 2015 
has the potential to eliminate good- 
paying jobs and devastate the liveli-hoods of hard-working Montana fami-lies and hard-working American fami-lies. 
Throughout my home State of Mon-
tana, we have tremendous opportuni-ties to develop our State’s natural re-sources and create new jobs, and that is a good thing. Rather than hitting pause on our energy production, we need to encourage it. But the Obama administration is doing exactly the op-posite. 
President Obama’s full assault on 
American energy independence has most recently resulted in TransCanada’s decision to suspend its application to build the commonsense Keystone XL Pipeline, which, by the way, first enters Montana from Can-ada. This pipeline would have created new opportunities for good-paying jobs, helped advance American energy inde-pendence, and lowered American en-ergy prices. 
Well, the suspension on Keystone is 
bad news, but it is not the end of the line. We are going to keep fighting for this job-creating project that has the overwhelming bipartisan approval of Congress as well as the support of the American people because America can and America should power the world. But the Obama administration’s re-lentless attacks on affordable energy and good-paying union jobs, as well as tribal jobs, through this so-called Clean Power Plan continue to hinder innovation. Under the final so-called Clean Power Plan, the Colstrip power-plant in Montana will likely be shut-tered, putting thousands of jobs at risk. 
Our farmers, ranchers, and local busi-
ness owners should be empowered to drive local land use decisions, not a bunch of Washington, DC, bureaucrats who can’t even find Montana on a map. We can only do it if the Obama admin-istration steps back from its extreme overreach and allows American innova-tion to thrive once again. 
I look forward to casting my vote to-
morrow to permanently stop this mis-guided waters of the United States rule. It is time to ditch this rule. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
CLEAN POWER PLAN  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
guess in the order proceeding here, I am here to bring the opposing views. Every week we are here, I remind this body of the damage carbon pollution is doing to our atmosphere and to our oceans. I have traveled to Senator I
SAKSON ’s State to see what the Uni-
versity of Georgia is measuring off of Sapelo Island, and I hope to have the chance to go west to continue this. 
We have to wake up to climate 
change, and we have to move toward a clean-energy economy and the jobs and innovation that support it. Clear meas-urements exist of the harm that is al-ready happening: climbing sea levels, we measure; climbing global tempera-tures, we measure; acidifying oceans, 
we measure. 
Virtually every respected scientific 
and academic institution agrees that climate change is happening and that human activities—specifically carbon emissions—are driving it. Carbon pollu-tion is affecting our economy, it is af-fecting agriculture and wildfires, and it is affecting storms and insurance costs. 
There are so many people—doctors 
and health professionals, military and security leaders, insurance and reinsur-ance industry folks, our major utili-ties, American corporations, and our faith leaders all agree that climate change is a serious challenge and an important priority. Yet here, despite the growing chorus around the country calling for climate action, we hear con-gressional Republicans, such as the majority leader, claim they are here to stand up for our people by blocking the President’s Clean Power Plan. 
As carbon pollution piles up in the 
atmosphere, who are they standing up for? Certainly not the American peo-ple. Eighty-three percent of Americans, including 6 in 10 Republicans, want ac-tion to reduce carbon emissions. The Clean Power Plan delivers. 
For the first time, we have a national 
plan to reduce carbon pollution from the largest source of U.S. carbon emis-sions, which is powerplants. The 50 dirtiest coal plants in America to-gether emit more carbon pollution than all of South Korea and more than all of Canada. Are we going to do noth-ing about that? 
Too often we hear on the Republican 
side folks who trumpet these industry- backed, one-sided reports that point only to the cost of action. They don’t even measure or consider the cost of inaction. If you were an accountant and did the books that way, you would go to jail. Well, if you look at both sides of the ledger, the EPA shows that the projected health benefits of the Clean Power Plan will avoid 300,000 missed work and school days, 1,700 heart attacks, 90,000 asthma attacks, and 3,600 premature deaths every year. Every dollar invested through the Clean Power Plan will keep up to $4 in American families’ pockets. The sav-ings are also passed on to electricity consumers, with the average American family projected to save almost $85 per year on their electric bill by 2030. 
I am from New England. We have the 
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, RGGI, and it is proving that States grow their economies at the same time that they cut emissions. Putting a price on carbon and plowing that money back into clean energy products is saving us billions of dollars and help-ing to reduce carbon pollution. 
The EPA put the States in the driv-
er’s seat to come up with plans that suit them. An analysis from the Union of Concerned Scientists shows that ‘‘31 States are already on track to be more than halfway toward meeting their 2022 Clean Power Plan benchmarks.’’ These States include both cap-and-trade States, such as California and the 
Northeast RGGI States, and coal-heavy States, such as Iowa, Ohio, and Ken-tucky. 
‘‘We can meet it,’’ says Kentucky en-
ergy and environment secretary Leon-ard Peters about the plan. ‘‘We can meet it.’’ In fact, Dr. Peters praised the EPA for working with States like Ken-tucky to build this rule. ‘‘The outreach they’ve done, I think, is incredible,’’ he said. The EPA had an ‘‘open door pol-icy. You could call them, talk to them, meet with them.’’ 
The Kentucky experience was echoed 
around the country, as EPA listens closely to hundreds of concerns, holds hundreds of public meetings, and the final rule includes significant adjust-ments to accommodate individual State’s concerns. 
Even with all of this, the majority 
leader, the senior Senator from Ken-tucky, will brook no serious conversa-tion about climate change. We just never have that come up as a subject. The Republican leader, in a modern, massive resistance effort, wrote to all 50 Governors urging defiance of Federal regulation, calling the regulations ‘‘ex-tremely burdensome and costly.’’ That might have been a more credible alle-gation about the regulations if he had not reached it months before the regu-lations were even finalized. 
The Clean Power Plan, says the ma-
jority leader, is the latest battle in a great ‘‘War on Coal.’’ He says, ‘‘[W]e have a depression in central Appa-lachia created because of the Presi-dent’s zeal to have an impact world-wide on the issue of climate.’’ It seems that the head of one of his region’s big-gest electric utilities doesn’t agree. Appalachian Power president and CEO Charles Patton told a meeting of en-ergy executives last week that coal can no longer compete against cheaper al-ternatives such as natural gas and wind power. Coal, he said, will continue to decline with or without the Clean Power Plan. It has nothing to do with the President. ‘‘If we believe we can just change administrations and this issue is going to go away,’’ Patton said, ‘‘we’re making a terrible mistake.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the article titled ‘‘Coal not coming back, Appalachian Power presi-dent says’’ and editorial titled ‘‘Re-ality check on coal, future’’ be printed 
in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my 
remarks. 
It says: 
With or without the Clean Power Plan, the 
economics of alternatives to fossil-based fuels are making end roads in the utility plan, companies are making decisions today where they are moving away from coal-fired generation. The debate largely at this time has been lost. 
Mr. Patton is not alone. In Sep-
tember, financial giant Goldman Sachs released several bleak reports on the future of the global coal market. The latest report was in September, where they drew the conclusion that ‘‘[t]he industry does not require a new invest-ment given the ability of existing as-sets to satisfy flat demand, so prices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.079 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7713 November 3, 2015 
will remain under pressure as the defla-
tionary cycle continues.’’ In plain English, market forces are driving coal’s decline. I seriously doubt that any colleague would think Goldman Sachs is a bunch of liberal greenies who launched a war on coal. This is their clear economic thought. 
Since the clean power rule was final-
ized in August, the massive resistance the majority leader sought has not en-sued. 
Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear 
has so far not heeded the majority leader’s call to rebel. 
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin, the 
first to publicly pledge to resist the President’s plan, recently hinted that Oklahoma would submit a compliance plan after all. 
Indeed, even while West Virginia 
leads the multistate lawsuit against EPA, Governor Earl Tomblin an-nounced last week that his administra-tion will begin working on a compli-ance plan. In the heart of coal country, in Charleston, WV, the newspaper, Ga-zette-Mail, praised the Governor’s move, writing on its editorial page: 
It is the right thing to do—both to de-
crease emissions that contribute to human- caused climate change— 
Here is a newspaper in the heart of 
coal country conceding that emissions contribute to human-caused climate change, and I don’t know why we can’t get over that in the Senate— 
and as the governor says, to make sure West 
Virginia’s interests are best represented in how the plan is carried out. 
They described Kentucky Senator 
MITCH MCCONNELL ’s urge to rebel 
against the rule as petulant and fool-ish. That is from the heart of coal country. 
The coal industry, like an aging ship 
at sea, is taking on water. Between the costs of old, dirty powerplants and the competitive advantage of cheaper nat-ural gas, coal is struggling to stay afloat. As Mr. Patton from Appa-lachian Power pointed out, those cir-cumstances have nothing to do with whoever is sitting in the Oval office. 
For States that have relied on coal 
for generations, the Clean Power Plan is actually a lifeboat. It is a chance to kick-start new industries and innova-tive technologies and to choose the path forward that is best for your State and your citizens. It is a way off a sinking ship. 
Recognizing the costs of carbon pol-
lution is another lifeboat. I know this sounds strange to my colleagues, but please bear with me. You can’t build the carbon capture plants that could keep coal plants operating if they are free to pollute. There is no economic value to a carbon capture plant if it is free to pollute. The truculent insist-ence on this market failure by Big Coal is ironically coal’s own undoing. Yet congressional Republicans won’t en-
gage. They waste time with the useless Gingrich-era Congressional Review Act efforts to block carbon pollution con-trols on powerplants—controls that Americans overwhelmingly support. Beyond that, our Republican friends 
simply have no plan—nothing. There is no plan B to the President’s Clean Power Plan. If you have something else, please bring it forward. We can de-bate which is better, but you can’t just pretend this isn’t a problem. They have no plan to deal with climate change, no plan to help coal-reliant communities find safe passage to a more sustainable economic future. 
I ask my colleagues to please read 
what the CEO of Appalachian Power said. Please take it to heart. Please read the Charleston Gazette-Mail edi-torial. Please engage with us while we can still do some good because when the market completely collapses, when there is nothing left to do, when coal is priced out by solar and wind and nat-ural gas and other fuels, then it is too late to come back and say: Now we need help. When the market has acted and someone suffers as a result, they don’t get any sympathy in this build-ing. 
Now is the time when people who 
want to make this a smooth transition for coal economies need to come for-ward in the interests of their own peo-ple, in the interests of their own min-ers who need their pensions filled and fixed, in the interests of communities that need transitions, in the interests of their economy. 
I thank the distinguished Senator 
from Georgia for his patience. 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Charleston Gazette-Mail, Oct. 27, 
2015] 
COALNOTCOMING BACK, APPALACHIAN POWER  
PRESIDENT SAYS 
(By David Gutman) 
ROANOKE .—Coal consumption is not likely 
to increase, regardless of whether new fed-eral regulations on power plants go into ef-fect, and, from coal’s perspective, the na-tional debate on coal and climate change has largely been lost, the president of West Vir-ginia’s largest electric utility told a roomful of energy executives Tuesday. 
The Clean Power Plan, the Obama adminis-
tration’s proposal to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from power plants, would cut coal consumption—but even if the regulations are blocked, coal consumption will not increase, Appalachian Power President Charles Patton said at the state Energy Summit at the Stonewall Resort. 
‘‘You just can’t go with new coal [plants] 
at this point in time,’’ Patton said. ‘‘It is just not economically feasible to do so.’’ 
Patton acknowledged that entire commu-
nities, particularly across Southern West Virginia, are being decimated by coal’s de-cline. However, he laid out a series of stark economic realities. 
By 2026, Patton said, Appalachian Power 
expects its use of coal power to be down 26 percent, with or without the Clean Power Plan. 
That’s because of cheaper alternatives and 
already-imposed environmental regulations that make coal uncompetitive, Patton said. 
The cost of natural gas electricity, includ-
ing construction of power plants and infra-structure, is about $73 per megawatt hour, Patton said. For a conventional coal plant, it’s $95 per megawatt hour. Even wind power, which is less dependable 
than coal, is still significantly cheaper, at $73 per megawatt hour, when a longstanding tax credit for wind energy production is factored in. 
An advanced coal power plant, with carbon 
capture and storage to lower emissions, costs nearly twice as much, at $144 per megawatt hour, Patton said. 
‘‘With or without the Clean Power Plan, 
the economics of alternatives to fossil-based fuels are making inroads in the utility plan,’’ Patton said. ‘‘Companies are making decisions today where they are moving away from coal-fired generation.’’ 
What’s more, the debate over the ‘‘war on 
coal,’’ which sucks up so much of the polit-ical air in West Virginia, has largely been settled in other states, Patton said 
He said 72 percent of Americans believe the 
earth is getting warmer and that man-made causes are partly attributable. Nearly two- thirds of Americans favor stricter emissions limits on greenhouse gases, Patton said, with even larger majorities among young people. 
‘‘Americans believe there is a problem, and 
while we in West Virginia believe that’s ludi-crous and we have our view on coal, it’s real-ly important to understand, if you’re not in a coal-producing state, your affinity for coal is not there,’’ Patton said. ‘‘The debate largely, at this point in time, has been lost.’’ 
Patton reminded the audience that the 
closest the United States ever came to a car-bon tax was the cap-and-trade bill pushed by Sens. Joe Lieberman and John McCain. ‘‘I don’t see John McCain as a flaming liberal,’’ Patton said. 
He said he opposes the Clean Power Plan 
and said West Virginia should continue its lawsuit to block it. However, Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin said Tuesday that West Virginia will submit a plan to comply with the Clean Power Plan—despite Republican calls to boy-cott it—while those lawsuits play out. 
Patton said the federal regulations, in-
tended to help stave off the worst effects of climate change, would cause a reduction in coal use, but even defeating the regulations won’t make the push to address climate change disappear. 
He urged the crowd to ‘‘think globally’’ 
and work to advance cleaner-burning coal technologies. 
‘‘If we believe that we can just change ad-
ministrations and this issue is going to go away,’’ Patton said, ‘‘we’re making a terrible mistake.’’ 
[From the Charleston Gazette-Mail, Oct. 30, 
2015] 
GAZETTE EDITORIAL : REALITY CHECK ON COAL, 
FUTURE  
To his credit, Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin says 
West Virginia will participate in the federal Clean Power Plan by submitting its own pro-posal for cutting greenhouse gas emissions. He may be doing it with an air of resignation and distaste, but then again, no one likes the fact that West Virginians are struggling as market forces undercut an industry that has employed generations of people. 
It is the right thing to do—both to de-
crease emissions that contribute to human- caused climate change, and as the governor says, to make sure West Virginia’s interests are best represented in how the plan is car-ried out. States that choose not to come up with their own plan, as Kentucky’s Sen. Mitch McConnell has petulantly and fool-ishly urged, will be handed one by the federal government. Gov. Tomblin is right. Better to have a say in how drastic changes will play out in your own state. 
Arguments against trying to head off the 
worst effects of climate change are hollow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.080 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7714 November 3, 2015 
Some elected officials (and their fossil fuel 
industry promoters) seem to think that be-cause China is a big polluter, for example, the United States should just shrug and give up. That is no way to be a world leader. That is no way to stimulate new technological de-velopments and industries. 
Indeed, the Clean Power Plan is part of the 
reason why China has committed to limiting its own carbon dioxide emissions. Where the United States goes, the world follows. 
The War on Coal public relations campaign 
has been a smashing success, convincing the most vulnerable working people and retirees that if only they could get the nasty federal government off their backs, all would right itself to some vague and misty perfection, circa 1955. West Virginians, in turn, convince their elected leaders to defend the status quo at all costs. 
Senators Joe Manchin and Shelley Moore 
Capito are steady on the job, clinging to the past, signing on to a resolution that seeks to block the Clean Power Plan. 
Of course, defeating efforts to further clean 
up the air locally won’t bring coal back. The people pushing the campaign know it. The rest of the country knows it. 
Appalachian Power CEO Charles Patton, 
who buys more coal than anyone, knows it. Also speaking at the state Energy Summit at the Stonewall Resort this week, he reiter-ated a message he has shared before: Coal isn’t coming back, even without the Clean Power Plan, because of price. Coal is more expensive than wind or natural gas, partly because of existing environmental regula-tions, partly because natural gas is so cheap. 
The goal now is to manage this change, to 
help people into new livelihoods and mean-ingful work, to minimize the predictable suf-fering of families and communities. West Virginia has wasted enough time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
DAINES ). The Senator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate the words of the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island, and I al-ways enjoy his speeches, whether I am on the floor or watching him back in my office. He is an articulate spokes-man for what he believes, which is one of the things that make this Senate an important body. While from time to time I differ in terms of carbon emis-sions because of nuclear energy, that is part of the solution to the problems of the future, and I will speak about that on another day. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
would be glad to speak with the Sen-ator from Georgia about that because he may find we agree more than we dis-agree. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I think we probably 
would, and that is why I brought it up, and I look forward to that. 
We are hear to talk about the rule for 
the waters of the United States under-taken by the EPA. 
When I started working this after-
noon and preparing myself for what I would say to try to make my point and express myself, I listened at 3 p.m. to the speech by Senator B
ENSASSE from 
Nebraska. Today he made his maiden speech on the floor of the Senate. Be-cause I had an important appointment to get to, I do know exactly how long he spoke. He spoke for 27 minutes—be-cause that is how late I was for my ap-pointment. But his speech was so good and so important and it affected so much this rule of the waters of the 
United States that I wanted to include it in my remarks tonight. 
What Senator S
ASSE said very simply 
is this: In his 1 year in the U.S. Senate, observing the Senate and how it oper-ates, how we all operate, he went back to his constituents and spoke to them. One thing he talked about is how we are moving more and more toward the government of an executive branch and a judicial branch and moving away from the legislative branch. We have administrations like the current ad-ministration which is trying to enforce the law through administrative rules and executive orders, not through leg-islation. He didn’t just point out that being a Democratic situation, it is Re-publican as well. 
If we look over the last 35 years, 
there has been a growth in the number of edicts that have come down regu-latory-wise rather than legislatively. It is important for us to return the legis-lative branch of government to its ap-propriate place so we have a balance between legislative, executive, and ju-dicial. 
I use the waters of the U.S.A. rule to 
explain to my colleagues why that is so important. This is a horrible rule. It is a rule that is going to be litigated in court for the next 30 to 40 years. Why? Because the clean water bill, which is its predecessor, has been litigated for 30 or 40 years, and eventually we have come to good water policies—not be-cause that is where we started, it is be-cause that is where we ended. 
I wish to take a few experiences that 
I had working on the Clean Water Act in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s to make the point of why the waters of the United States bill is so dangerous. 
The Clean Water Act passed with al-
most unanimous support. There was some opposition. Almost everybody said: I can’t be against clean water; ev-erybody wants clean water. But then there is the word ‘‘promulgate.’’ We passed a law that expressed the intent of Congress, and then we said it is up to the agencies responsible for promul-gating the laws, the rules, and regula-tions necessary to carry out the intent of the law. Therein lies the problem be-cause agencies like the EPA start pro-mulgating rules which take the force and effect of the law, which cause the wrong thing to happen. 
Let me tell my colleagues what is 
going to happen with the waters of the U.S.A. if it becomes a rule. We are going to give the power to the EPA that we have given under eminent do-main to cities and counties and States in the United States. Eminent domain is the way the government was allowed under the Constitution to take prop-erty but reimburse the owner of the property for the damage done by the government in the taking for road rights-of-way, sewer lines, water projects, and things of that nature. This is a grant for eminent domain to an agency without any requirement to compensate the person from whom they have taken the land or restricted 
the use of the land. 
The Presiding Officer mentioned that 
his father and family were in the home-building industry. I was in the home-building industry too and the land de-velopment industry. What we do is we add value to the land. We add value to its resources. We improve its drainage and use of water. But if we have a regu-latory agency that makes it too expen-sive to develop the land, we go out of business and the community goes out of business because there is no new housing. The effect of the rule is it shuts down the economy, growth, and opportunity; it doesn’t add to it. 
So it is very important to understand 
that when somebody says ‘‘We are going to pass a waters of the U.S.A. rule that is going to improve the qual-ity of our water, and we are going to do so by delegating to the EPA—an unelected appointment agency—the power to tell you what you have to do,’’ they are in effect saying that they are giving the power of eminent do-main to the EPA without a require-ment that you as a landowner be com-pensated. 
The reason America is different from 
every other country on the face of this Earth is because we are a nation of in-dividual landowners. We own our coun-try, and we are still good stewards of our land, and we appreciate that oppor-tunity. In most countries around the world, people don’t have the oppor-tunity to own the land and have pri-vate ownership. They lease their little place in life and that is where they go. America is different, and that is what made us different. But if we are land-owners and we come under a waters of the U.S.A. rule and the EPA provides edicts that have the force and effect of law without the requirement to be compensated by an unjust agency that is enforcing a rule or regulation, we are becoming nothing better than a Euro-pean country or, worse than that, a country that no longer has the benefit of private ownership of land. 
So it is very important that we un-
derstand that the quality of water is important, protecting our water is im-portant, but it is a balance, and it is a balance between the user, the land-owner, and the government. What we need to do is come together to develop policies that are necessary to see to it that we have a good quality of water and we have good use of our water but not a dictatorial agency in the Federal Government given the total priority to control our land and its use. 
I love this country. I love the oppor-
tunity it has given to me and the op-portunity to serve in the U.S. Senate, to take my life experiences and try to add to the quality of legislation we pass here. I hope we will pass the Ernst legislation and stop the growth of the waters of the U.S.A. rule and get every-body—all the users—to come to the table and talk about positive ways to protect the quality of our water and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.041 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7715 November 3, 2015 
the use and the management of our 
water but not the confiscation of our property and the dictates of an agency rather than an elected body. 
We do not need America to become a 
dictatorial country. We need to con-tinue to be a country of participation and negotiation, where everybody at the table has a stake and where in the end we work for the best interests of all, not just the interests of an agency or, worse than that, a central belief within that agency. 
This rule is a rule that is bad for 
farmers, developers, landowners, cities, counties, water authorities, waste-water authorities, sewer treatment plants, and anybody else who has water. 
I want to read what the EPA’s cov-
erage is in this bill. It says: 
The flawed rule of the EPA to regulate 
nearly all water includes manmade water management systems, water that infiltrates into the ground or moves over land, and any other water the EPA decides has a signifi-cant nexus to downstream water based on the use by animals, insects, birds, and on water storage considerations. 
There is no other provision in there. 
It includes all water. It is the author-ity for EPA to regulate it. 
We have a farm bureau in Georgia 
that came up with the right slogan. They just simply said, after talking about the rule, after talking about waters in the U.S.A., there is only one thing we need to do: We need to ditch the rule. 
It is time tonight for the Senate to 
adopt the Ernst provision, ditch the rule, and go back to the table and pass laws that are partnership laws between landowners, land developers, the local communities, local city councils, local county commissions, the local States. Let’s not be a nation that edicts from the top down, but let’s have solutions from the bottom up that always pro-tect land ownership and land distribu-tion and never take control of the water out of the hands of the States and move it to Washington, DC, where there is no accountability. 
Last but not least, do not give the 
power of eminent domain—by that name or any other name—to the U.S. Government and take away the right to compensate because if you do, you become no better than a third-world nation, and it would be no good for the United States of America. 
I see the majority leader has come to 
the floor, and I am anxious to hear his remarks because I know his name was invoked a few moments ago, so I will yield back my time. I am sure the ma-jority leader would like to speak. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING JOHN DAVID 
GOODLETTE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to pay tribute to a distinguished Kentuckian who is being honored by the Commonwealth and by the many people who know and respect his life’s work. The late John David Goodlette came from small town beginnings: he 
was born in Hazard, KY, in 1925 to Dud-ley and Lillian Goodlette. He would go on to become a highly respected rocket engineer who was instrumental in the Viking missions to land American spacecraft on the surface of the planet Mars. 
From a young age, John had a pas-
sion for flight and aircraft. He would assemble model aircraft as a hobby, and this hobby soon grew to include pi-loting gliders and small aircraft. John’s interest in flight led him to study engineering, and after grad-uating from Hazard High School in 1943, he would enroll at the University of Kentucky, where he studied mechan-ical engineering. His studies were in-terrupted by his service in the U.S. Army during World War II, when John served as a tugboat captain in the South Pacific. After resuming his stud-ies at UK, he graduated in 1949. 
The majority of John’s professional 
career was spent at the Martin Mari-etta Corp., now known as Lockheed Martin, where he worked for 39 years. His research initially focused on jet propulsion, heat transfer, and thermo-dynamics, but he soon found himself immersed in developing rocket pro-grams for the company. 
In 1956, John was selected to lead 
Martin Marietta’s Titan interconti-nental ballistic missile project. The project led him to increase his famili-arity with nuclear physics, high-speed gas dynamics, and electrical engineer-ing. 
Then came the project that would be 
the highlight of John’s career: the Vi-king project. John served as chief engi-neer on this project for 10 years, which culminated with the successful landing of two Viking spacecraft on the surface of Mars in July and September of 1976. 
‘‘The Viking was one of those heart- 
in-the-mouth things,’’ John has been quoted as saying. ‘‘We never knew for sure it was going to work. That kept us going at a fever pitch to make sure all went right.’’ 
The Viking program was the most ex-
pensive and ambitious mission to Mars to that point and resulted in the bulk of our knowledge of the Red Planet for the next several decades. They were highly successful missions for which John Goodlette rightfully deserves a large share of the credit. 
John is being inducted into the Ken-
tucky Aviation Hall of Fame for his pioneering role in aviation and space exploration. Students and aviation en-thusiasts from all over the Common-wealth, but especially from Hazard, can be proud of what this son of Kentucky accomplished in a brilliant career de-voted to technology and science. John also serves as an inspiration at 
the Challenger Learning Center of Ken-tucky, which uses space exploration as a tool to excite and inspire students to learn science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. The Center is lo-cated in Hazard, John’s hometown. 
John would go on to serve as a vice 
president of Martin Marietta and retire in 1991 after 39 years with the company. He has sadly passed on now and is un-able to witness this historic occasion in his honor, but members of his family will be present at the Kentucky Avia-tion Hall of Fame induction ceremony. 
I know John’s three children, Sarah, 
David, and Alice, must be proud of all their father accomplished in his re-markable career. John not only served his country in uniform, he also added greatly to the sum total of knowledge in the universe for the benefit of his country and all of mankind. 
On behalf of the Commonwealth of 
Kentucky, I want to thank the Goodlette family and express my admi-ration and respect for John David Goodlette’s life and work. We are truly grateful for his passion to exploration and his service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in celebrating the 125th anniversary of Yosemite Na-tional Park, a California treasure nes-tled against the stunning backdrop of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. 
In 1864, President Abraham Lincoln 
signed the Yosemite Grant Act, a land-mark bill granting 39,000 acres of Yo-semite Valley and the Mariposa Big Tree Grove to the State of California. This was the first time the United States had ever set aside land to pro-tect it for the public to enjoy. Three decades later, Yosemite became the Nation’s third national park—1,500 square miles of stunning waterfalls, magnificent sequoia trees, breath-taking mountain peaks, and portions of ancestral homeland for several Amer-ican Indian tribes and groups. 
Over the years, Yosemite National 
Park has been a leader, becoming the first national park to hire a female law enforcement ranger, open a museum, and establish partnerships to help pre-serve Yosemite for future generations. Yosemite has also championed efforts to reduce waste and pollution by estab-lishing recycling programs in the 1970s and operating a fleet of hybrid electric shuttle buses. 
Since its earliest days, Yosemite Na-
tional Park has provided sanctuary, comfort, and inspiration to millions of visitors from across the globe who come to experience its natural splen-dor, rich geologic history, and abun-dant wildlife. The timeless beauty of Yosemite National Park is a testament to the vision and commitment of countless dedicated people and institu-tions over the past 125 years. I want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.086 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7716 November 3, 2015 
express my deep gratitude to the staff, 
volunteers, and friends of Yosemite for all they do to protect this natural won-der, and I am pleased to join in hon-oring this special anniversary occasion. 
f 
OBSERVING ADOPTION 
AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, each No-
vember we celebrate National Adoption Awareness Month to recognize the fam-ilies that choose to adopt and the orga-nizations that support them. During this month, we honor those who wel-come these children into their homes and hearts, help them to grow to their full potential, and give them a better future. Today I would like to draw at-tention to the importance of adoption and raise awareness about youth in fos-ter care programs, especially in Maine. 
There are over 400,000 children in the 
foster care system, many of them wait-ing and hoping that the right family will come to adopt them. While many of these children are successfully re-turned to their birth parents and rel-atives, almost half are left in the sys-tem to fend for themselves. The ab-sence of a stable family structure can be disastrous for children who are still developing psychologically and are try-ing to find their way in the world. 
This issue has very real impacts on 
the future of these children and our so-ciety as a whole. Young adults who age out of the foster care system before being placed with a family are at a sig-nificantly higher risk for homelessness, incarceration, and unemployment. Al-ternatively, children who are adopted from foster care are more likely to achieve academic success and emo-tional security than their counterparts who remain in foster care. Nearly 80 percent of Americans, myself included, believe that more should be done to en-courage adoption; yet, each year, tens of thousands of available children re-main in the system, without families. Every child deserves to grow up in a permanent, safe, and loving home. This month, as we thank all those who have opened their hearts and homes to these children, we must acknowledge that there is still much work ahead of us. 
I am proud of the important roles 
Maine citizens have played in pro-moting adoption awareness. Adoptive & Foster Families of Maine, Inc., AFFM, has been instrumental in help-ing children find the security they de-serve and in providing support to the families who welcome them into their homes. Fostering or adopting a child can be an emotional process, and AFFM offers many services to all Maine adoptive families, including sup-port groups, resource mentors, mate-rial goods, and a referral database for legal matters and mental health sup-port. The adoption process is an emo-tional, transformative, and sometimes even stressful time for children and for their new families; therefore, the serv-ices provided by AFFM are an integral aspect of cultivating safe, joyful adop-tions across the State. I have witnessed 
their hard work in action, and I am proud of all they have done for families and children across Maine. 
My wife, Mary, and I have been 
blessed with two adoptions. I know firsthand what an amazing process adoption can be. Our experience would not have been possible without the lov-ing support of our family, friends and community. Mary and I have been so fortunate with the joy all of our chil-dren bring to our lives every day, and I am proud to celebrate National Adop-tion Awareness Month. 
I would like to recognize and thank 
Adoptive & Foster Families of Maine, Inc., and all others who facilitate adop-tions throughout the country and make it possible for children in foster care to find their forever homes. Self-less, caring individuals and programs like AFFM help bring children one step closer to their dreams. They offer the hope of love and security to future gen-erations, and for that, they deserve our immense gratitude. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COWBOYS AGAINST 
CANCER 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, 
today I come to the floor to recognize one of Wyoming’s most generous groups, Cowboys Against Cancer. Founded in 1994 by cancer survivor Margaret Parry, Cowboys Against Can-cer raises funds for residents of Sweet-water County who have been diagnosed with cancer. Touched by those who aided and encouraged her during her own battle with cancer, Margaret cre-ated Cowboys Against Cancer in order to provide the same comfort to those battling this awful disease. Margaret’s mission—and that of Cowboys Against Cancer—is one of compassion and sup-port. From offering the comfort of a shoulder to lean on to awarding grants to support overburdened individuals and families, Cowboys Against Cancer has waged a tireless battle against can-cer. 
As a nonprofit volunteer organiza-
tion, Cowboys Against Cancer is a proud group devoted exclusively to charity. The organization’s volunteers work without compensation, and Cow-boys Against Cancer employs no staff members. Without staff on the payroll, no office space, and very little over-head, the majority of the profits gen-erated are donated directly to those in need. Since the organization’s incep-tion, Cowboys Against Cancer has given hundreds of grants to local can-cer patients, including more than 150 grants in 2015 alone. In addition to these grants, the group has also worked to fund the development of can-cer treatment infrastructure through-out Sweetwater County to better serve the regional population. 
This year marks the 21st and final 
Cowboys Against Cancer Annual Ben-efit and Banquet. Over 1,000 people will gather to both celebrate the memories of those who are no longer with us and recognize the exemplary courage and 
determination exhibited by cancer sur-vivors. Including the donations raised from this capstone gala, Cowboys Against Cancer estimates that they will have awarded a total of $5 million of grants to folks in Wyoming. This is a remarkable achievement. 
Margaret has a tremendous team of 
volunteers who have helped her make this dream a reality. Over the years, dozens upon dozens of folks have worked for this great organization. I would like to recognize the current board of directors and the people who have volunteered for 10 years or more. The Cowboys Against Cancer board of directors are: Margaret Parry, presi-dent and founder; George Lemich, vice president and auction officer; Cindy Petersen, historian; Kristi Parry, sec-retary; Erika Kosher, banquet; Anita Punders, treasurer; Terry Warren, grant disbursements; Kathy Devoy, in-vitations and tickets; Cindy Rodriguez, advertising; and Geannie Berg, auction item data base. 
The kind, generous, and energetic 
volunteers who have lent a hand for over 10 years are Sandra DaRif, Danella ‘‘Prune’’ Devries, Pat Devoy, Debbie Gunn, Mary Hardy, Beth Ice, Mary Juel, Veldon Kraft, Don Melvin, Vance Petersen, Kyle and Patsy Ros-setti, Becky Sanchez, Kelly Shablo, Bess Stevenson, Liz Strannigan, Tim Warren, and Donald Wiggen. Students from Western Wyoming Community College, Rock Springs High School, and Green River High School have always been generous with their time. And, fi-nally, a special note of thanks to Al Harris who serves as the event’s master of ceremonies. 
Please join me in offering my heart-
felt congratulations to Margaret Parry and her Cowboys Against Cancer team for their efforts toward creating a can-cer-free world. This organization has exemplified the nature of the cowboy spirit: tough, but neighborly. Sweet-water County—and Wyoming—are bet-ter, thanks to the selfless contribu-tions of Margaret Parry and Cowboys Against Cancer. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ASHLEY MITCHELL 
∑Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I wish 
to celebrate and congratulate the re-cent accomplishments of Ms. Ashley Mitchell. At only 4–foot–9–inches tall and 94 pounds, Ashley holds the title of Weight Lifting World Champion. 
The daughter of Anticia S. Mitchell 
and a native of Alexandria, LA, Ashley is a hard-working honor roll senior with a 3.0 GPA at Alexandria Senior High School, ASH. In addition to her academic triumphs, Ashley is also a dynamic athlete. During Ashley’s freshman year of high school, ASH powerlifting coach Duane Urbina intro-duced her to the sport. With her moth-er’s encouragement to take a risk and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.038 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7717 November 3, 2015 
to try something new, Ashley em-
braced the opportunity whole-heartedly. 
Ashley has achieved several impres-
sive titles as a result of her hard work. Ashley is a three-time first place North Regional Champion, as well as the North Regional Most Outstanding Lift-er on the light-weight platform. Addi-tionally, Ashley broke the bench and deadlift records at North Regionals. Moreover, Ashley is a three-time first place Louisiana State Champion. Ash-ley has earned the Billy Jack Talton Award for Best Lifter in the State of Louisiana and has placed second at both the national meet in Killeen, TX, for 2013–2014 and the national meet in Milwaukee, WI, for 2014–2015. 
On May 15, 2015, Ashley earned first 
place at the Men’s and Women’s Powerlifting National Meet in San An-tonio, TX; Ashley’s first place award qualified her to join TEAM USA and to compete at the International Powerlifting Federation, IPF, Cham-pionship held in Prague, Czech Repub-lic, on August 28–September 6, 2015. 
Talented competitors from 28 nations 
competed at the IPF Championship. Ashley rose to the challenge, receiving the gold medal in the 94.5 pound weight class for the Sub-Junior and Junior USA Team. Ashley earned the second place silver medal for squatting 275 pounds, the first place gold medal for benching 159.5 pounds, and the first place gold medal for deadlifting 326.5 pounds. Each lift event included three attempts. On Ashley’s second attempt for the deadlift, she broke the world record by lifting 309.1 pounds; Ashley immediately broke this record on her third attempt by lifting 326.5 pounds, now the new world record. Ashley also set the new world record for total weight lifted, by lifting a combined 761 pounds during the squat, bench, and deadlift events. 
Powerlifting is both physically and 
mentally demanding, but not insur-mountable for Ashley, who finds sup-port in God, her family, her coach, and her powerlifting team. Through blood, sweat, and tears, Ashley welcomes the challenges and celebrates how the sport teaches her about how to over-come life’s obstacles. 
Ashley Mitchell makes our commu-
nity, State, and country very proud. Today I join my colleagues in honoring this young woman’s tremendous effort and dedication. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 366TH FIGHTER 
WING 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Mountain Home Air Force Base’s 366th Fighter Wing, which recently earned the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award. Congratulations to the skilled and dedicated men and women who serve in the 366th Fighter Wing for their outstanding service to our Na-tion. 
The Outstanding Unit Award was cre-
ated 61 years ago. According to the Air Force Personnel Center, it is awarded 
by the Secretary of the Air Force to units that ‘‘distinguished themselves 
by exceptionally meritorious service or outstanding achievement.’’ 
The 366th FW earned the award for 
the period of June 1, 2014, to May 31, 2015, and is credited with 9,200 hours spent in the air. When making the nomination, U.S. Air Force Lt. Gen. Mark C. Nowland cited the fighter wing’s ‘‘determination and relentless pursuit of excellence.’’ He noted a num-ber of the wing’s accomplishments: the successful use of airpower during Re-public of Korea theater security pack-age operations; the Gunfighters ex-panded their airspace by 25 percent, supporting seven military branches from five countries during five major exercises; and the achievement of an impeccable personal training pass rate. Lieutenant General Nowland wrote, ‘‘Whether at home training for current and future contingencies or sending Airmen downrange to complete combat operations, the Gunfighters exemplify the Fly, Fight and Win ethos.’’ 
The more than 4,680 military and ci-
vilian members and approximately 4,590 family members of the 366th FW have a long history of excellence. It has been awarded the Air Force Out-standing Unit Award 17 times, dating back to its accomplishments in 1966 and as recent as 2012. The work of the wing’s servicemembers also earned Meritorious Unit Awards in both 2008 and 2009. These are just a few of its rec-ognitions. 
Various divisions of the wing have 
also received numerous awards. The wing’s maintenance group was ac-knowledged as ‘‘Outstanding Mainte-nance Unit’’ for their efforts during a massive aerial combat training exer-cise at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada. The 366th Security Forces Squadron was also named ‘‘Most Outstanding Se-curity Forces Medium Unit in Air Com-bat Command.’’ The 366th Force Sup-port Squadron was selected as the best force support squadron in Air Combat Command, ACC, and the base’s medical group is the top rated in ACC. 
The commitment and dedication of 
the thousands of courageous and ac-complished Americans who call Idaho home is beyond impressive. We are blessed to have many knowledgeable and brave individuals and their fami-lies protecting our Nation. I congratu-late the 366th Fighter Wing on its many successes. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. DONALD 
WILLIAMSON 
∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, it is 
with great pleasure and the highest re-gard that I speak on the accomplish-ments of my valued constituent and friend, Dr. Donald Williamson. On Oc-tober 31, 2015, Dr. Williamson con-cluded 23 years as Alabama’s State health officer and 29 years of service in the Department of Public Health. 
Dr. Williamson has served the public 
health community for more than 30 years, first in his home State of Mis-
sissippi and in Alabama since 1986. He began his career in Alabama as the di-rector of the Division of Disease Con-trol from 1986 to 1988. He then served as the director of the Bureau of Preventa-tive Health Services from 1988 to 1992, when he was appointed as the State health officer and director of the Ala-bama Department of Public Health. 
Dr. Williamson received his medical 
degree, cum laude, from the University of Mississippi School of Medicine and completed a residency in internal med-icine at the University of Virginia Hos-pital. 
His devotion to health and public 
service has been recognized on numer-ous occasions. He received the 2011 Na-than Davis Award from the AMA for 
outstanding public service by a career public servant at the State level; the 2009 Wallace Alexander Clyde Award from Children’s Hospital; the 2000 Ar-thur T. McCormack Award from the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials for dedication and ex-cellence in public health; the 1999 Theodore R. Ervin Award from the Public Health Foundation; and the 1999 Child Health Advocate Award from the American Academy of Pediatrics. He also was the recipient of the 1997 D.G. Gill Award from the Alabama Public Health Association for outstanding contribution to public health in Ala-bama and the 1998 Internist of the Year Award from the Alabama Society of In-ternal Medicine. In addition, he has held leadership roles in several na-tional and State organizations, includ-ing the Association of State and Terri-torial Health Officials. 
For the last 3 years, Dr. Williamson 
has held two of the largest jobs in State government, serving both as health officer and chairman of the Ala-bama Medicaid Transition Taskforce. Governor Robert Bentley appointed Dr. Williamson to serve as chairman of the transition taskforce at a time when the Medicaid Program was on the brink of failing. 
During his tenure, All Kids, Ala-
bama’s public health insurance for children, was recognized nationally for its success in reducing the number of uninsured children. As the chairman of the Medicaid transition taskforce, he helped rescue the Alabama Medicaid Agency and restructured the Medicaid Program. Under his direction, the Med-icaid Program will be transformed into Regional Care Organizations and Pa-tient Care Networks. This new struc-ture represents a shift from treating an illness or injury to focusing on overall health and well-being and will lead to improved health outcomes for many Alabamians. 
Dr. Williamson has demonstrated the 
ability to find solutions for seemingly insurmountable challenges and has been a calm, strong voice of reason and common sense in the most difficult of times. Throughout his career, he con-tinued to find new ways of making Medicaid work for its patients and the physicians who treat them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.039 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7718 November 3, 2015 
However, it is good to note that this 
is not the end of Dr. Williamson’s healthcare service. He will become the CEO and president of the Alabama Hos-pital Association in November. His tre-mendous knowledge of health care will continue to be a valuable resource to Alabama and to this critically impor-tant organization. 
I have known this able, energetic 
leader for many years. I share the views of the great majority of health professionals that he is a treasure for Alabama and the Nation. No one was surprised and all were pleased when Governor Bentley asked him to take over as chairman of the Medicaid tran-sition taskforce at a truly critical time. His reputation throughout the State, the awards he has received, and the sustained effort he has given for the betterment of the health of all Ala-bamians, especially the poor, truly sets him apart and makes him worthy of the highest accolades. 
In light of these and all of his many 
accomplishments, I want to congratu-late him on his outstanding career and to wish him the very best in his next important and challenging endeavor. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DONG PHUONG 
BAKERY & RESTAURANT 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-
isianians share a long history of tri-umph and resilience over hardship, and as a result, folks from all backgrounds pursue the American Dream with dedi-cation and commitment. This is par-ticularly true of the Vietnamese com-munity and local small businesses in southeast Louisiana who came to-gether to rebuild New Orleans East after Hurricane Katrina. In honor of National Women’s Small Business Month, I am proud to recognize Dong Phuong Bakery & Restaurant of New Orleans, LA, as this week’s Small Busi-ness of the Week. 
Amidst an intense postwar political 
climate following the end of the Viet-nam war, De and Huong Tran immi-grated to the United States in 1980 in search of a more peaceful life and greater opportunities for their young family. The Trans and their three young children settled in an area with a fast-growing Vietnamese presence, the Versailles neighborhood of New Or-leans. Shortly after settling into their new community, De enrolled at the University of New Orleans and found work at a local grocery store. Given De’s busy class and work schedule, Huong cared for the young Tran chil-dren as they adjusted to their new home and culture. Searching for ways to reconnect with her beloved Viet-namese culture and provide extra in-come for her young family, Huong drew from her past working in her father’s bakery in Vietnam and began baking a variety of Vietnamese delicacies, sell-ing them to friends, family, and local shops in her community. Realizing they had a hit, Huong and De opened the Dong Phuong Oriental Bakery in 1981, selling traditional Vietnamese 
pastries and items with a French flair. 
During the rebuilding process after 
Hurricane Katrina, De and Huong Tran provided support and hope to their community, and today the Dong Phuong Bakery & Restaurant remains in their original location in the Viet-namese neighborhood of Versailles, op-erating out of a 4,000-square-foot res-taurant space. Now under the owner-ship of Huong Tran and Linh Tran Garza, the bakery continues to prepare and sell traditional French-Vietnamese cuisine, as well as their beloved fresh French bread to restaurants and cus-tomers across south Louisiana. 
Congratulations again to Dong 
Phuong Bakery & Restaurant for being Small Business of The Week and to Huong and Linh for their praiseworthy entrepreneurial spirit and for setting an example for women entrepreneurs across the Nation. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH J. COX 
∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it 
is with gratitude and appreciation that I congratulate Joseph J. Cox of Vir-ginia on his retirement as president and chief executive officer of the Chamber of Shipping of America. 
Upon graduating from the U.S. Mer-
chant Marine Academy in 1967, Mr. Cox served honorably as a deck officer on commercial ships in the Vietnam war. He worked for 8 years at the U.S. De-partment of Labor in the Marine Standards Office. In 1981, he joined the Chamber of Shipping of America, the association of American ship owners, operators, and charterers. He rose to president and CEO and led the organi-zation from 1997 until his retirement earlier this year. 
Mr. Cox is widely respected as a val-
ued representative of the American maritime community. He has actively advocated for domestic legislation and regulation to advance the interests of the shipping and maritime industry. He has participated in the development of transnational treaties at the Inter-national Maritime Organization and the International Labor Organization. 
At the helm of the Chamber of Ship-
ping of America, he elevated the nearly 100-year-old association to its re-spected status in the global maritime community. He will continue to serve as an adviser to the organization. 
I thank Joe Cox for his decades of 
service to his country and to the ma-rine trades, and I wish him and his family smooth sailing on the next leg of their voyage. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mrs. Neimann, one of his secretaries. PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
NOTIFICATION OF THE PRESI-
DENT’S INTENT TO TERMINATE THE DESIGNATION OF THE RE-PUBLIC OF BURUNDI AS A BENE-FICIARY SUB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY UNDER THE AFRICAN GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT (AGOA), RECEIVED DURING AD-JOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON OCTOBER 30, 2015—PM 31 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with section 
506A(a)(3)(B) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, as amended (AGOA) (19 U.S.C. 2466a(a)(3)(B)), I am pro-viding notification of my intent to ter-minate the designation of the Republic of Burundi (Burundi) as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under AGOA. 
I am taking this step because I have 
determined that the Government of Burundi has not established or is not making continual progress toward es-tablishing the rule of law and political pluralism, as required by the AGOA eli-gibility requirements outlined in sec-tion 104 of the AGOA (19 U.S.C. 3703). In particular, the continuing crackdown on opposition members, which has in-cluded assassinations, extra-judicial killings, arbitrary arrests, and torture, have worsened significantly during the election campaign that returned Presi-dent Nkurunziza to power earlier this year. In addition, the Government of Burundi has blocked opposing parties from holding organizational meetings and campaigning throughout the elec-toral process. Police and armed youth militias with links to the ruling party have intimidated the opposition, con-tributing to nearly 200,000 refugees fleeing the country since April 2015. Accordingly, I intend to terminate the designation of Burundi as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under AGOA as of January 1, 2016. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 30, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on November 2, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following en-
rolled bills: 
H.R. 623. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to establish a so-cial media working group, and for other pur-poses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.037 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7719 November 3, 2015 
H.R. 1314. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on November 2, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
OCHRAN ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:15 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1853. An act to direct the President to 
develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Po-lice Organization, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2494. An act to support global anti- 
poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3361. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3503. An act to require an assessment 
of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3505. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to improve the manage-ment and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3598. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partner-ship between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fu-sion Centers, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1853. An act to direct the President to 
develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Po-lice Organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
H.R. 2494. An act to support global anti- 
poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
H.R. 3361. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3503. An act to require an assessment 
of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3505. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to improve the manage-ment and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3598. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partner-ship between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fu-sion Centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 2232. A bill to require a full audit of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3403. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Teflubenzuron; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9933–25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3404. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Methoxyfenozide; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9934–14) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 27, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3405. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Agriculture Priorities and Allocations System’’ (RIN0560–AH68) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3406. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS–B) system or program (OSS–2015–1699); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3407. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: New Designated Coun-tries—Montenegro and New Zealand’’ ((RIN0750–AI71) (DFARS Case 2015–0049)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3408. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Removal of Cuba from the List of State Sponsors of Terrorism’’ ((RIN0750–AI67) (DFARS 2015-D032)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3409. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Requirements Relating to Supply Chain Risk’’ ((RIN0750–AH96) (DFARS Case 2012–D050)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3410. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-minations’’ ((44 CFR Part 67) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3411. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Protection Sys-tem, Automatic Reclosing, and Sudden Pres-sure Relaying Maintenance Reliability Standard’’ (Docket No. RM15–9–000) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3412. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to Air Plan; Arizona; Sta-tionary Sources; New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9930–43–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3413. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator, Office of Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Environ-mental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Re-port to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator’’ ; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3414. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, National Science Foundation, transmitting draft legislation entitled ‘‘Ant-arctic Environmental Liability Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–3415. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Programs; Methods for Assuring Access to Covered Medicaid Services’’ (RIN0938–AQ54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 29, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3416. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Programs; Final Waivers in Connection With the Shared Savings Program’’ (RIN0938– AR30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 29, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3417. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port of the Attorney General to the Congress of the United States on the Administration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, for the six months ending December 31, 2014’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3418. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–098); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3419. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod June 1, 2015 through July 31, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.009 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7720 November 3, 2015 
EC–3420. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0117—2015–0133); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3421. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Performance Report of the Food and Drug Administration’s Office of Combination Products for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3422. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Administrative Wage Garnishment Procedures’’ (RIN1290–AA27) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3423. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Merit System Accountability and Compliance, Office of Personnel Manage-ment, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Solicitation of Fed-eral Civilian and Uniformed Service Per-sonnel for Contributions to Private Vol-untary Organizations’’ (RIN3206–AM68) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3424. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Planning and Policy Analysis, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees Health Benefits Pro-gram: Enrollment Options Following the Termination of a Plan or Plan Option’’ (RIN3206–AN07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3425. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Drug Enforce-ment Agency, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Sub-stances: Table of Excluded Nonnarcotic Products: Nasal Decongestant Inhaler/Vapor Inhaler’’ ((RIN1117–ZA30) (Docket No. DEA– 409)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
EC–3426. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Drug Enforce-ment Agency, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Sub-stances: Table of Excluded Nonnarcotic Products: Vicks VapoInhaler’’ ((RIN1117– AB39) (Docket No. DEA–367)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 27, 2015; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
EC–3427. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to List the Dusky Sea Snake and Three Foreign Corals Under the Endangered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XD370) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3428. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fishery 
Management Council Freedom of Informa-tion Act Requests Regulations; Technical Amendments to Regulations’’ (RIN0648– BE73) received in the Office of the President 
of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3429. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Fishing Effort and Catch Limits and Other Restrictions and Requirements’’ (RIN0648–BE84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3430. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015–2016 Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures; Amendment 24; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BE27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3431. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fish-eries; Establishment of Tuna Vessel Moni-toring System in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648–BD54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3432. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; State Waters Exemption’’ (RIN0648–BF20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3433. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Quotas’’ (RIN0648–BE81) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3434. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fish-ery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Regu-latory Amendment 22’’ (RIN0648–BE76) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3435. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE223) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3436. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2015 Rec-reational Accountability Measures and Clo-sure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack’’ (RIN0648–XE182) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3437. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Mexico’’ (RIN0648–XE168) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–102. A resolution adopted by the 
House of Representatives of the State of Michigan urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to take action to halt the illegal dumping of foreign steel into the U.S. market; to the Committee on Finance. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 87 
Whereas, Steel is the backbone of the mod-
ern economy, and it contributes to every level of daily life. It supports our bridges, takes our buildings to new heights, and can be found in the everyday appliances in our homes. Michigan’s strong manufacturing sector, particularly our automotive indus-try, relies extensively on the metal, as does the energy sector’s domestic oil and gas ex-traction efforts. In fact, in 2014, Michigan and Minnesota shipped 93 percent of usable iron ore products in the United States; and 
Whereas, Iron ore mining and manufac-
turing has been significantly undermined by low-price steel imports from foreign nations. Companies in places like China, South Korea, India, the Philippines, Vietnam, Thai-land, Taiwan, and Saudi Arabia are selling their products in the United States at preda-tory prices. Some estimates state that cer-tain Chinese steel firms retail their products in the United States at 75 percent of the do-mestic cost of production. A South Korean firm recently retailed its products even lower at 48 percent of the domestic cost of production. This unfair trade puts American mills, and the mines that feed them, at risk; and 
Whereas, The economic consequences of 
steel dumping have begun and will have a lasting detrimental impact on the Michigan economy and the entire nation. Across the Midwest, thousands of steelworkers have al-ready been laid off in recent years, and as mills continue to operate well below their operational capacity, more steelworkers and miners are at risk. As the percentage of for-eign steel used in the United States in-creases, the impacts on American manufac-turing will only increase. This could lead to the erosion of enterprises that are critical to our economy and national defense; and 
Whereas, The dumping of foreign steel into 
the United States is a violation of inter-national trade agreements and must be halt-ed, Article VI of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 states that products 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 26, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\NOV 2015\S03NO5.REC S03NO5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7721 November 3, 2015 
from another country shall not be intro-
duced into the commerce of another country at a value less than the product’s normal price in the destination country. The Depart-ment of Commerce has used the provisions of this article to investigate and take anti- dumping measures against nations in the past. However, this process is slow. So, while nations and companies are being identified, investigated, and punished, American work-ers are being laid off. Action must be taken to more aggressively identify those violating international trade agreements and punish them accordingly: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives , 
That we urge the President and Congress of the United States to take action to halt the illegal dumping of foreign steel into the U.S. market; and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional delegation. 
POM–103. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California urging the President of the United States and the 
United States Congress to enact S. 664, the Foster Care Tax Credit Act, which would provide tax relief to short-term foster par-ents by helping to cover the actual costs of caring for a foster child; to the Committee on Finance. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 17 
Whereas, Foster parents make a positive 
and tremendous difference in the lives of so many vulnerable children by opening their hearts and homes, and yet California faces constant challenges in recruiting and retain-ing enough foster families to ensure each child is placed in a family-like setting; and 
Whereas, Caring for a child in foster care 
can be more expensive than caring for one’s own biological children. Children placed into foster care often have experienced signifi-cant emotional and physical trauma and have higher incidences of medical and behav-ioral health issues, resulting in additional costs to foster parents. On average, current foster care rates would have to increase al-most 40 percent nationwide to provide for basic care; and 
Whereas, Foster parents do not always 
begin full-time foster parenting imme-diately. It is not uncommon for foster par-ents to first provide shorter-term respite or emergency care before ‘‘graduating’’ into more full-time foster parenthood. Likewise, foster parents may intend to be full-time; however, children placed with them may be reunified with their biological families after short lengths of time. Foster parents may have multiple placements for three to four months at a time. According to the Public Policy Institute of California, in California in 2010, 31 percent of children left foster care within three months; and 
Whereas, The shortage of foster homes has 
been widely reported. According to the Los Angeles Times in 2015, ‘‘Demand for foster beds exceeds supply by more than 30% na-tionally. Forty percent of parents withdraw during their first year, and an additional 20% say they want out, national studies show. Those families that remain are often stuck in deep poverty themselves’’; and 
Whereas, Encouraging individuals to be-
come foster parents can contribute to a greater number of children being adopted from foster care. According to the United States Department of Health and Human Services, of the children adopted from foster care in 2012, 54 percent were adopted by former foster parents. In 2012, that would have equated to 27,358 children adopted by former foster parents; and Whereas, Senate Bill 664 of the 114th 
United States Congress, known as the federal Foster Care Tax Credit Act, would seek to help the many families who care for foster children for six months or less, who unlike longer term foster, families, are not eligible for tax credit assistance under the federal Child Tax Credit, to cover the actual cost of caring for foster children; and 
Whereas, The Foster Care Tax Credit Act 
provides tax relief to short-term foster par-ents and helps cover the actual costs of car-ing for a foster child by establishing an infla-tion-adjusted, refundable tax credit of up to $1,000 per year, per foster child, which is pro-rated by the number of months a foster child is in a family’s care; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly, That because 
foster parents make significant and mean-ingful contributions to the lives of so many vulnerable children by opening their hearts and homes, the Legislature urges the Presi-dent and the Congress of the United States to enact Senate Bill 664 of the 114th United States Congress, known as the Foster Care Tax Credit Act, which would provide tax re-lief to short term foster parents by helping to cover the actual costs of caring for a fos-ter child; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader and Minority Leader of the Senate, and each member of the California delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–104. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress to reject the U.S.-led nuclear agreement with Iran and press for a new agreement that will prevent all path-ways to an Iranian nuclear weapon; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 104 
Whereas, On July 14, 2015, a six-member co-
alition of nations, including the govern-ments of Great Britain, France, Russia, China, and Germany and led by the United States, reached an agreement with the Is-lamic Republic of Iran. This agreement, for-mally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, seeks to limit Iran’s capacity to refine, store, and use weapons-grade nu-clear material and develop nuclear weapons in exchange for international sanctions re-lief; and 
Whereas, The Joint Comprehensive Plan of 
Action, commonly referred to as the Iranian nuclear agreement, is not in the strategic in-terest of the United States and its allies. With the notable exception of the Arak heavy-water nuclear facility, this agreement leaves in place much of Iran’s nuclear infra-structure, including 5,060 centrifuges. More-over, this deal allows Iran to continue re-searching and developing advanced cen-trifuges capable of refining weapons-grade nuclear material for use in intercontinental ballistic missiles that can strike the United States and short-range missiles capable of hitting targets throughout the Middle East. This creates a direct threat to our national security at home and the national security interests of Israel and other allies; and 
Whereas, The Iranian nuclear agreement 
legitimizes Iran’s nuclear program and does not definitively block a path to a nuclear weapon. While the agreement restricts the amount of nuclear material Iran may store and allows for international inspections, these provisions will slow—but not halt—the advancement of Iran’s weapons program. The inspections also do not meet the ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ standard needed in this case, but rather uses the ‘‘managed access’’ approach 
that is insufficient to ensure Iran is not de-veloping or hiding nuclear weaponry and weapon components. Given Iran’s history of deceiving the International Atomic Energy Agency and its refusal to recognize its nu-clear program’s military dimension, the international community will be challenged keeping Iran’s nuclear weapons program in line with the agreement. With some of the toughest restrictions ending in ten years, Iran is 15 years from manufacturing a nu-clear arsenal, which could sink the Middle East into a nuclear arms race; and 
Whereas, International sanctions relief 
would allow Iran to further support terrorist organizations. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, if enacted, would unfreeze an estimated $150 billion in assets currently iso-lated in foreign banks almost immediately. These assets, alongside additional revenue from sanctions relief, could be redirected by the Iranian government to more substan-tially support terrorist organizations in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Lebanon, Palestine, and oth-ers. Sanctions relief could also allow more money to support a domestic military build- up that could be used against area nations, like Israel, which Iran has long committed to destroying. This emboldens the autocratic state to continue its conflict with the United States, destabilize the region, and marginalize Iranian moderates; and 
Whereas, The Joint Comprehensive Plan of 
Action is not the best agreement for the United States, the Middle East, and the world. The agreement fails to set free im-prisoned Michigan resident and former Ma-rine Amir Hekmati and other Americans. It fails to address Iran’s human rights situa-tion, a situation that, according to a 2015 State Department report, continues to dete-riorate. The agreement does not allow the inspection of Iranian military installations, which are needed to ensure secret research is not conducted and weaponry and components are not hidden; and 
Whereas, Israel’s support of the Iranian nu-
clear agreement is crucial to reaching long- term peace. However, the agreement does not have the support necessary to reach that goal. Repeated Israeli public opinion polls have shown a broad consensus, seemingly traversing conventional political divides, against the Iranian nuclear deal: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, That we to urge the 
Congress of the United States to reject the U.S.-led nuclear agreement with Iran and press for a new agreement that will prevent all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon; and be it further 
Resolved, That copies of this resolution he 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–105. A petition by a citizen from the 
State of Texas urging the United States Con-gress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution which would re-quire both houses of Congress approve, by a three-fifths vote of all members elected and serving in each body, any declaration of mar-tial law, or suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, by the President of the United States, and further providing that such Con-gressionally-approved martial law declara-tion, or suspension of the writ of habeas cor-pus, not exceed 30 days duration, and clearly describe the geographic territory covered by such declaration or suspension; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.019 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7722 November 3, 2015 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1550. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project man-agement in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–162). 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs: 
Report to accompany S. 1082, a bill to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for the removal or demotion of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–163). 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with amendments: 
S. 2138. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to improve the review and acceptance of subcontracting plans, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mrs. C APITO , and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ): 
S. 2226. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize the residential treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women and to establish a pilot program to provide grants to State sub-stance abuse agencies to promote innovative service delivery models for such women; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ): 
S. 2227. A bill to amend the National Tele-
communications and Information Adminis-tration Organization Act to permit the Na-tional Telecommunications and Information Administration to authorize Federal agen-cies to accept certain payments related to spectrum efficiency and reallocation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. 
S
TABENOW , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. 
SCHUMER ): 
S. 2228. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to permit review of cer-tain Medicare payment determinations for disproportionate share hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 2229. A bill to require the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct au-dits relating to the timely access of veterans to hospital care, medical services, and other health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 2230. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to submit a report to Congress on the designation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. 
REED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): 
S. 2231. A bill to express the sense of Con-
gress that the Government of the Maldives should immediately release former President Mohamed Nasheed from prison and release all other political prisoners in the country, 
as well as guarantee due process for and re-spect the human rights of all of the people of the Maldives; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. C ORNYN , 
and Mr. S COTT): 
S. 2232. A bill to require a full audit of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 2233. A bill to amend section 3716 of title 
31, United States Code, to reestablish the pe-riod of limitations for claims of the United States that may be collected by garnishing payments received from the Government; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. K IRK, Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. Res. 302. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in condemnation of Palestinian terror at-tacks; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mr. M
ERKLEY ): 
S. Res. 303. A resolution designating the 
week beginning November 8, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Mr. P ETERS , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mr. E NZI, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S COTT, Ms. 
HIRONO , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. U DALL , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. K ING, Mr. C RAPO , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S. Res. 304. A resolution recognizing No-
vember 28, 2015, as ‘‘Small Business Satur-day’’ and supporting efforts to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 123 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 123, a bill to prevent a taxpayer bailout of health insurance issuers. S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance providers enacted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 264 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
264, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 265 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 265, a bill to expand oppor-tunity through greater choice in edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name 
of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 334 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Mon-
tana (Mr. D AINES ), the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ), the Senator from 
Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ), the Senator from 
Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ) and the Sen-
ator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 334, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for automatic continuing resolutions. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 366, a bill to require Senate can-didates to file designations, state-ments, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 368 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 368, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons en-sure that each chief executive officer of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.031 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7723 November 3, 2015 
a Federal penal or correctional institu-
tion provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by cer-tain employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons, and for other purposes. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 391, 
a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, or to refrain from such activities. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orienta-tion or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 481 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 481, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to drug scheduling rec-ommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufactur-ers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, and for other purposes. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physi-cian assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to super-vise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 540 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 540, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require the Secretary of Agri-culture to make loan guarantees and grants to finance certain improve-ments to school lunch facilities, to train school food service personnel, and for other purposes. 
S. 569 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 569, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. SULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Iowa 
(Mrs. E RNST ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordina-tion of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsur-ance under Medicare for colorectal can-cer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
At the request of Ms. H
IRONO , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 624, supra. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for sys-tematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological dis-eases. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 865 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 865, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the dis-ability compensation evaluation proce-dure of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 898, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the 
participation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholar-ship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from 
Nebraska (Mrs. F ISCHER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 928, a bill to reauthor-ize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1079 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1079, a bill to amend titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Serv-ice Act to improve coverage for colorectal screening tests under Medi-care and private health insurance cov-erage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to propose a regulation re-vising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ , and for other purposes. 
S. 1149 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1149, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire reporting of certain data by pro-viders and suppliers of air ambulance services for purposes of reforming re-imbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to reauthor-ize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. W YDEN ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ) and 
the Senator from California (Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.033 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7724 November 3, 2015 
1555, a bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1559, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1711 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1711, a bill to provide for a tem-porary safe harbor from the enforce-ment of integrated disclosure require-ments for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Pro-cedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1714, a bill to amend the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1798 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1798, a bill to reauthorize the United States Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1831, a bill to revise sec-tion 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1883, a bill to maxi-mize discovery, and accelerate develop-ment and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1885 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1885, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of assistance and benefits to veterans who are homeless, at risk of becoming homeless, or occupying tem-porary housing, and for other purposes. 
S. 1926 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. MURKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1926, a bill to ensure access to screening mammography services. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1942, a bill to require a land con-veyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes. 
S. 1970 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1970, a bill to establish national procedures for automatic voter reg-istration for elections for Federal Of-fice. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1982, a bill to au-thorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contribu-tions to fund the Wall of Remem-brance. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for em-ployees wishing to advocate for im-proved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employment and to pro-vide for stronger remedies for inter-ference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2044 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2044, a bill to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regard-ing the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the sub-ject of the contract, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2103 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2103, a bill to modify a provi-sion relating to adjustments of certain State apportionments for Federal high-way programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2137 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2137, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide a pe-riod for the relocation of spouses and dependents of certain members of the Armed Forces undergoing a permanent change of station in order to ease and facilitate the relocation of military families. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2144, a bill to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2145 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. M ERKLEY ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2145, a bill to make supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016. 
S. 2175 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2175, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2220 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2220, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to provide for a special enrollment period for pregnant women, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2221 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2221, a bill to preserve the companion-ship services exemption for minimum wage and overtime pay, and the live-in domestic services exemption for over-time pay, under the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938. 
S. 2223 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2223, a bill to transfer ad-ministrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclu-sion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 282 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) and the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) were added as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.035 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7725 November 3, 2015 
cosponsors of S. Res. 282, a resolution 
supporting the goals and ideals of American Diabetes Month. 
S. RES. 299 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Colo-
rado (Mr. B ENNET ), the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the Sen-
ator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ), 
the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from Rhode Is-
land (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) and 
the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. Res. 299, a resolution honoring the life, legacy, and example of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on the twentieth anniversary of his death. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. R EED, Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): 
S. 2231. A bill to express the sense of 
Congress that the Government of the Maldives should immediately release former President Mohamed Nasheed from prison and release all other polit-ical prisoners in the country, as well as guarantee due process for and respect the human rights of all of the people of the Maldives; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, since 
January 2015, President Abdulla Yameen of the Maldives has increas-ingly cracked down on dissent within his own party and the political opposi-tion, presided over the erosion of judi-cial impartiality, and put increasing pressure on civil society. The arrest of former president Mohamed Nasheed, who was convicted in a widely con-demned trial that UN High Commis-sioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad de-scribed as containing ‘‘flagrant irreg-ularities’’, and who remains imprisoned today, is indicative of the current situ-ation. 
That is why today I am introducing, 
together with a bipartisan coalition of 13 other Senators, a bill expressing the sense of Congress that the Government of the Maldives should immediately re-lease former president Nasheed and all other political prisoners in the coun-try, and guarantee due process for, and respect the human rights of, all of the people of the Maldives. 
The United States and the Maldives 
have common interests in maritime se-curity, commerce, and addressing cli-mate change. But we also expect our partners to respect the fundamental rights of their people, including those who disagree with the government’s policies, and to uphold the basic prin-ciples of justice. I thank the cosponsors 
of this legislation for their support. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 302—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE IN SUPPORT OF ISRAEL AND IN CONDEMNATION OF PAL-ESTINIAN TERROR ATTACKS 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. K IRK, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. P ORTMAN , and 
Mr. H ELLER ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 302 
Whereas Israel is a democratic ally and 
major strategic partner of the United States, as codified by the United States-Israel Stra-tegic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296), and cooperation between Israel and the United States continues to increase in importance with a swiftly shifting security situation in the Middle East and North Afri-ca; 
Whereas Jerusalem is an undivided city, 
eternal capital of Israel, holiest city for the Jewish people, central to the worship of three monotheistic religions, and unique in the Middle East region as a city of religious tolerance where Israel guarantees access, se-curity, and respect for the three monothe-istic religions to worship in peace at holy sites; 
Whereas, upon Israel securing control of 
Jerusalem in 1967, it has maintained a policy of keeping the Haram Al Sharif specifically open for Muslim prayer, welcoming over 3,500,000 regular worshipers annually; 
Whereas the Government of Israel upholds 
the 1994 Treaty of Peace Between the State of Israel and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jor-dan, which states in Article Nine that each party ‘‘will provide freedom of access to places of religious and historical signifi-cance,’’ as well as ‘‘act together to promote interfaith relations among the three mono-theistic religions, with the aim of working toward religious understanding, moral com-mitment, freedom of religious worship, and tolerance and peace’’; 
Whereas Yasser Arafat, Chairman of the 
Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), committed in his exchange of letters with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on September 9, 1993, that ‘‘the PLO renounces the use of terrorism and other acts of vio-lence and will assume responsibility over all PLO elements and personnel in order to as-sure their compliance,’’ and under the subse-quent 1995 Oslo II Accord, the Palestinians pledged to ‘‘abstain from incitement, includ-ing hostile propaganda . . . [and to] take legal measures to prevent such incitement by any organizations, groups or individuals within their jurisdiction’’; 
Whereas the President of the Palestinian 
Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, wrongly an-nounced during the tenth anniversary of Yasser Arafat’s death in November 2014 that Israel has no claim to Jerusalem, that the Temple Mount will not be allowed to be ‘‘contaminated’’ by Jews, and that Jewish prayer on the Temple Mount would lead to a ‘‘devastating religious war’’; 
Whereas President Abbas falsely claimed 
during his address to the United Nations General Assembly in September 2015 that the Government of Israel has used ‘‘brutal force 
to impose its plans to undermine the Islamic and Christian sanctities in Jerusalem’’ and announced that the Palestinian Authority is no longer bound by the Oslo Accords; 
Whereas Israel has in recent weeks been 
subjected to an alarming wave of terrorism directed against innocent civilians by Pal-estinians armed with knives, meat cleavers, guns, and cars; 
Whereas there have been approximately 69 
such attacks since the beginning of October 2015, leaving 11 Israelis dead and another 145 wounded; 
Whereas United States citizens have lost 
their lives as a result of these terrorist at-tacks, including Richard Lakin and Eitam Henkin; 
Whereas these random, gruesome attacks 
are intended to instill a sense of fear among the people of Israel leading their normal lives, and also destabilize security for both Palestinians and Israelis; 
Whereas Israel, Jordan, and the United 
States have reached an agreement regarding the installation of surveillance cameras on the Temple Mount in accordance with the re-spective responsibilities of the Israelis au-thorities and the Jordanian Waqf. 
Whereas President Abbas has helped to fuel 
the current violence in recent weeks by falsely casting Israel as the brutal aggressor in multiple public speeches, refusing to con-demn the lethal terror attacks, and failing to acknowledge Israel’s right to self-defense; 
Whereas President Abbas’ statements are 
part of a pattern of incitement among Pales-tinian leaders that includes denial of the Jewish heritage of Jerusalem, paying month-ly salaries to the families of imprisoned Pal-estinian terrorists, praising slain terrorists as martyrs, demonizing Jews in official Pal-estinian Authority media, and encouraging attacks on social media; and 
Whereas Palestinian leaders have repeat-
edly threatened to suspend cooperation and further encouraged violence by blaming Israel for killing Palestinian perpetrators of these heinous crimes: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns these brutal attacks in the 
harshest terms possible; 
(2) welcomes Israel’s commitment to the 
continued maintenance of the status quo on the Temple Mount; 
(3) urges the President and the inter-
national community to join in forcefully condemning these Palestinian terror at-tacks; 
(4) clarifies that there is no justification 
for these types of attacks and that there is a direct correlation between the recent up-surge in violence and Arab incitement re-garding the Temple Mount; 
(5) stands with the people of Israel during 
these difficult days; 
(6) supports Israel’s right to self-defense 
and rejects any suggestion of the moral equivalence of Israeli security personnel pro-tecting its citizens from senseless violence 
and terrorists intent to deliberately take in-nocent lives; 
(7) supports the agreement reached to in-
stall surveillance cameras on the Temple Mount according to the arrangements to be determined between the parties; 
(8) calls upon President Abbas to stop all 
incitement by Palestinian officials and by Palestinian media, to strongly and unequivo-cally demand an end to the violence, and to take all steps necessary to halt these at-tacks; 
(9) expresses support and admiration for in-
dividuals and organizations working to en-courage cooperation between Israelis and Palestinians; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.037 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7726 November 3, 2015 
(10) encourages President Abbas to con-
tinue strengthening and maintaining secu-rity cooperation with Israel; 
(11) reiterates that Palestinian political 
goals will never be achieved through vio-lence; and 
(12) calls on all parties to return to the ne-
gotiating table immediately and without preconditions, as direct discussions remain the best avenue to ending the Israeli-Pales-tinian conflict. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 303—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING NOVEMBER 8, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL NURSE-MANAGED HEALTH CLINIC WEEK’’ 
Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 303 
Whereas a nurse-managed health clinic is a 
nonprofit community-based health care site that offers primary care and wellness serv-ices based on the nursing model; 
Whereas the nursing model emphasizes— 
(1) protection, promotion, and optimiza-
tion of health; 
(2) prevention of illness; (3) alleviation of suffering; and (4) diagnosis and treatment of illness; 
Whereas an advanced practice nurse leads 
each nurse-managed health clinic and an interdisciplinary team of highly qualified health care professionals staffs each nurse- managed health clinic; 
Whereas each nurse-managed health clinic 
offers a broad scope of services, including— 
(1) treatment for acute and chronic ill-
nesses; 
(2) routine physical exams; (3) immunizations for adults and children; (4) disease screenings; (5) health education; (6) prenatal care; (7) dental care; and (8) drug and alcohol treatment; 
Whereas, as of September 2015, approxi-
mately 500 nurse-managed health clinics— 
(1) provided care in the United States; and (2) recorded more than 2,500,000 patient en-
counters annually; 
Whereas nurse-managed health clinics 
serve a unique, dual role as healthcare safety net access points and health workforce de-velopment sites, because the majority of nurse-managed health clinics— 
(1) are affiliated with schools of nursing; 
and 
(2) serve as clinical education sites for stu-
dents entering the health profession; 
Whereas nurse-managed health clinics 
strengthen the healthcare safety net by ex-panding access to primary care and chronic disease management services for vulnerable and medically under-served populations in diverse rural, urban, and suburban commu-nities; 
Whereas research has shown that— 
(1) nurse-managed health clinics experi-
ence high rates of— 
(A) patient retention; and (B) patient satisfaction; and 
(2) nurse-managed health clinic patients, 
compared to patients of other similar safety net providers, experience— 
(A) higher rates of generic medication 
fills; and 
(B) lower hospitalization rates; 
Whereas the 2013 Health Affairs article, 
‘‘Nurse-Managed Health Centers And Pa-tient-Centered Medical Homes Could Miti-gate Expected Primary Care Physician Shortage’’, highlights the ability of each nurse-managed health clinic to bring high- 
quality care to individuals who may not oth-erwise receive needed services; and 
Whereas each nurse-managed health clinic 
that offers primary care and wellness serv-ices provides quality care in a cost-effective manner: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week beginning Novem-
ber 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week’’; 
(2) supports the ideals and goals of Na-
tional Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week; and 
(3) encourages the continued support of 
nurse-managed health clinics so that nurse- managed health clinics may continue to serve as healthcare workforce development sites for the next generation of primary care providers. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 304—RECOG-
NIZING NOVEMBER 28, 2015, AS ‘‘SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY’’ AND SUPPORTING EFFORTS TO INCREASE AWARENESS OF THE VALUE OF LOCALLY OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES 
Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C OONS , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
ENZI, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. S COTT, Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. 
ERNST , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
KING, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
INHOFE , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. T ESTER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. 
MANCHIN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 304 
Whereas there are 28,443,856 small busi-
nesses in the United States; 
Whereas small businesses represent 99.7 
percent of all businesses with employees in the United States; 
Whereas small businesses employ over 48.5 
percent of the employees in the private sec-tor in the United States; 
Whereas small businesses pay over 42 per-
cent of the total payroll of the employees in the private sector in the United States; 
Whereas small businesses constitute 97.7 
percent of firms exporting goods; 
Whereas small businesses are responsible 
for more than 46 percent of private sector output; 
Whereas small businesses generated 63 per-
cent of net new jobs created over the past 20 years; 
Whereas 87 percent of consumers in the 
United States agree that the success of small businesses is critical to the overall economic health of the United States; 
Whereas 89 percent of consumers in the 
United States agree that small businesses contribute positively to local communities by supplying jobs and generating tax rev-enue; 
Whereas 93 percent of consumers in the 
United States agree that it is important to support the small businesses in their com-munities; and 
Whereas November 28, 2015 is an appro-
priate day to recognize ‘‘Small Business Sat-urday’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes and encourages the observ-
ance of ‘‘Small Business Saturday’’ on No-vember 28, 2015; and (2) supports efforts— 
(A) to encourage consumers to shop lo-
cally; and 
(B) to increase awareness of the value of 
locally owned small businesses and the im-pact of locally owned small businesses on the economy of the United States. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2762. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to propose a regu-lation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2762. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to propose a regulation re-vising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 5 and insert the following: 
SEC. 5. SUPPLEMENTAL SCIENTIFIC REVIEW AND 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) S UPPLEMENTAL SCIENTIFIC REVIEW  
PANEL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary and 
the Administrator shall establish a panel, to be known as the ‘‘Supplemental Scientific Review Panel’’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Panel’’), to submit to the Secretary and the Administrator recommendations re-garding metrics, based on the best available scientific information, to quantify the de-gree of connectivity between any body of water or wetland and a traditionally navi-gable water. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Panel shall be com-
posed of 9 members, of whom— 
(i) 2 shall be appointed by the Majority 
Leader of the Senate; 
(ii) 2 shall be appointed by the Minority 
Leader of the Senate; 
(iii) 2 shall be appointed by the Speaker of 
the House of Representatives; 
(iv) 2 shall be appointed by the Minority 
Leader of the House of Representatives; and 
(v) 1 shall be appointed by the President of 
the National Academy of Engineering. 
(B) D ATE OF APPOINTMENTS .—The appoint-
ment of a member of the Panel shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(C) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Each member of the 
Panel shall be appointed from among indi-viduals who possess— 
(i) expertise in a field of the biogeo-
sciences, such as hydrology, ecology, or geomorphology; 
(ii)(I) academic excellence, as determined 
in accordance with criteria including peer- reviewed journal publications and invited academic conference presentations; or 
(II) practical expertise demonstrated by a 
record of employment as a professional with equivalent experience as an academic sci-entist; and 
(iii) experience regarding collecting and in-
terpreting field measurements of streams and wetlands. 
(D) R
EQUIREMENT .—In appointing members 
of the Panel, each appointing officer referred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.024 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7727 November 3, 2015 
to in subparagraph (A) shall ensure that the 
Panel includes balanced representation of re-search expertise across all Level I ecoregions (as defined in section III of the 1997 publica-tion of the Commission for Environmental Cooperation publication entitled ‘‘Ecological Regions of North America Toward a Common Perspective’’). 
(E) C
HAIRPERSON .—At the first meeting of 
the Panel, a majority of the members of the Panel present and voting shall elect the Chairperson of the Panel from among the members of the Panel. 
(F) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Panel— 
(i) shall not affect the powers of the Panel; 
and 
(ii) shall be filled in the same manner as 
the original appointment was made. 
(G) C OMPENSATION .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—A member of the Panel— 
(I) shall not be considered to be a Federal 
employee for any purpose by reason of serv-ice on the Panel; and 
(II) shall serve without pay. (ii) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the 
Panel shall be allowed travel expenses, in-cluding per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agen-cy under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Panel. 
(H) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Panel shall hold 
the initial meeting of the Panel by not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(I) M
EETINGS .—The Panel shall meet at the 
call of a majority of the members of the Panel. 
(J) Q
UORUM .—Of the members of the Panel, 
5 shall constitute a quorum. 
(K) R ULES OF PROCEDURE .—The Panel may 
establish rules for the conduct of business of the Panel, subject to the condition that those rules shall not be inconsistent with this Act or any other applicable law. 
(3) D
UTIES .—The Panel shall— 
(A) recommend metrics, based on the best 
available scientific information and consid-ering the duration, magnitude, and fre-quency of flows, to quantify the degree of connectivity between any body of water or wetland and a traditionally navigable water; 
(B) ensure the recommended metrics ac-
count for regional variability in all types of waterbodies and across all States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and other territories and possessions of the United States; and 
(C) not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the Panel first convenes, submit to the Secretary and Administrator a report de-scribing each recommendation of the Panel to which not fewer than 6 members have agreed. 
(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the 
Administrator shall provide to the Panel such staff and administrative services as may be necessary and appropriate for the Panel to perform the duties under paragraph (3). 
(B) D
ETAIL OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT EM -
PLOYEES .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—An employee of the Fed-
eral Government may be detailed to the Panel without reimbursement. 
(ii) C
IVIL SERVICE STATUS .—The detail of 
the employee shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. 
(5) F
UNDING .—The Secretary and the Ad-
ministrator shall provide to the Panel such funds as the Secretary and the Adminis-trator determine to be appropriate from amounts made available to the Secretary and the Administrator in appropriations Acts. (6) T
ERMINATION .—The Panel shall termi-
nate on the earlier of— 
(A) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which the report is submitted under para-graph (3)(C); and 
(B) the date that is 2 years after the date 
of enactment of this Act. 
(7) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Panel. 
(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS AND RELEASE OF PUB -
LIC VERSIONS OF REPORTS .—The Panel shall— 
(i) hold public hearings and meetings to 
the extent appropriate; and 
(ii) release public versions of the report re-
quired under paragraph (3)(C). 
(C) P UBLIC HEARINGS .—Any public hearings 
of the Panel shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the protection of informa-tion provided to or developed for or by the Panel as required by any applicable law, reg-ulation, or Executive order. 
(b) E
PHEMERAL AND INTERMITTENT STREAMS  
ADVISORY COMMISSION .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary and 
the Administrator shall establish a commis-sion, to be known as the ‘‘Ephemeral and Intermittent Streams Advisory Commis-sion’’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Commission’’), to develop criteria to define whether a waterbody or wetland has a sig-nificant nexus to a traditional navigable water using the metrics developed by the Panel. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be 
composed of 15 members, of whom— 
(i) 2 shall be appointed by the Majority 
Leader of the Senate; 
(ii) 2 shall be appointed by the Minority 
Leader of the Senate; 
(iii) 2 shall be appointed by the Speaker of 
the House of Representatives; 
(iv) 2 shall be appointed by the Minority 
Leader of the House of Representatives; and 
(v) 7 shall be appointed jointly by the Ad-
ministrator and the Secretary. 
(B) D ATE OF APPOINTMENTS .—The appoint-
ment of a member of the Commission shall be made not later than the date that is 45 days after the date on which the report of 
the Panel is submitted under subsection (a)(3)(C). 
(C) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Each member of the 
Commission shall be appointed from among individuals who possess— 
(i) experience regarding the permitting 
process under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); 
(ii) experience serving on the Panel; or (iii)(I) expertise in a field of the biogeo-
sciences, such as hydrology, ecology, or geomorphology; and 
(II) academic excellence, as determined in 
accordance with criteria including peer-re-viewed journal publications and invited aca-demic conference presentations. 
(D) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In appointing mem-
bers of the Commission, each appointing offi-cer referred to in subparagraph (A) shall en-sure that the Commission includes— 
(i) balanced representation of research ex-
pertise across all Level I ecoregions (as de-fined in section III of the 1997 publication of the Commission for Environmental Coopera-tion publication entitled ‘‘Ecological Re-gions of North America Toward a Common Perspective’’); and 
(ii) equal representation of the following 
groups: 
(I) Individuals who represent— (aa) the interests of builders and devel-
opers; 
(bb) agricultural interests; (cc) energy and mineral development; or (dd) the commercial timber industry. (II) Individuals who represent— 
(aa) nationally or regionally recognized en-
vironmental organizations; 
(bb) sport, recreational, and commercial 
fishing interests; 
(cc) sportsman’s organizations; or (dd) municipal water supply interests. (III) Individuals who— (aa) hold a State, county, or local elected 
office; 
(bb) are employed by a State agency re-
sponsible for the management of the envi-ronment or natural interests; or 
(cc) represent the affected public at-large. (E) C
HAIRPERSON .—At the first meeting of 
the Commission, a majority of the members of the Commission present and voting shall elect the Chairperson of the Commission from among the members of the Commis-sion. 
(F) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Commis-
sion— 
(i) shall not affect the powers of the Com-
mission; and 
(ii) shall be filled in the same manner as 
the original appointment was made. 
(G) C OMPENSATION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—A member of the Commis-
sion— 
(I) shall not be considered to be a Federal 
employee for any purpose by reason of serv-ice on the Commission; and 
(II) shall serve without pay. (ii) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the 
Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agen-cy under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Commission. 
(H) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission 
shall hold the initial meeting of the Commis-sion not earlier than the date on which the report of the Panel is submitted under sub-section (a)(3)(C). 
(I) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet 
at the call of a majority of the members of the Commission. 
(J) Q
UORUM .—Of the members of the Com-
mission, 9 shall constitute a quorum. 
(K) R ULES OF PROCEDURE .—The Commis-
sion may establish rules for the conduct of business of the Commission, subject to the condition that those rules shall not be incon-sistent with this Act or any other applicable law. 
(3) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall— 
(A) develop criteria to define whether a 
waterbody or wetland has a significant nexus 
to traditional navigable water using the metrics developed by the Panel, including the measures of flow described in paragraphs (2)(C) and (3)(E) of section 4(b); 
(B) ensure those criteria account for re-
gional variability in all types of waterbodies and wetlands and across all States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and other territories and possessions of the United States; 
(C) not later than 180 days after the date 
on which the Commission holds the initial meeting under paragraph (2)(H), submit to the Secretary and the Administrator a draft report that— 
(i) describes the criteria developed by the 
Commission; and 
(ii) is subject to a 60-day period for public 
comment; and 
(D) after addressing the comments received 
during the 60-day comment period under sub-paragraph (C)(ii), submit to the Secretary and the Administrator a final report. 
(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the 
Administrator shall provide to the Commis-sion such staff and administrative services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.028 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7728 November 3, 2015 
as may be necessary and appropriate for the 
Commission to perform the duties under paragraph (3). 
(B) D
ETAIL OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT EM -
PLOYEES .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—An employee of the Fed-
eral Government may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement. 
(ii) C
IVIL SERVICE STATUS .—The detail of 
the employee shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. 
(5) F
UNDING .—The Secretary and the Ad-
ministrator shall provide to the Commission such funds as the Secretary and the Admin-istrator determine to be appropriate from amounts made available to the Secretary and the Administrator in appropriations Acts. 
(6) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall 
terminate on the earlier of— 
(A) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which the final report is submitted under paragraph (3)(D); and 
(B) the date that is 3 years after the date 
of enactment of this Act. 
(7) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Commission. 
(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS AND RELEASE OF PUB -
LIC VERSIONS OF REPORTS .—The Commission 
shall— 
(i) hold public hearings and meetings to 
the extent appropriate; and 
(ii) release public versions of the reports 
required under subparagraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (3). 
(C) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .—Any public hearings 
of the Commission shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the protection of in-formation provided to or developed for or by the Commission as required by any applica-ble law, regulation, or Executive order. 
(c) R
EVISED DEFINITION .—A revision to or 
guidance on a regulatory definition de-scribed in section 4(a) shall have no force or effect until after the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator carry out each action described in this section. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 3, 2015, at 9:30 A.M. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on No-vember 3, 2015, at 2:45 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 3, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 3, 2015, at 2:45 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EUROPE AND REGIONAL  
SECURITY COOPERATION  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Europe and Regional Se-curity Cooperation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 3, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Putin’s In-vasion of Ukraine and the Propaganda that Threatens Europe.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PRIVACY , TECHNOLOGY , AND 
THE LAW  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on No-vember 3, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Data Brokers—Is Consumers’ Infor-mation Secure?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Chuck Podolack, a legislative fellow in Sen-ator F
LAKE ’s office, be granted floor 
privileges for the remainder of this year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Amy Crane, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s session of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 304, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 304) recognizing No-
vember 28, 2015, as ‘‘Small Business Satur-day’’ and supporting efforts to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be 
agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 304) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2232 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2232) to require a full audit of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 4, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, No-vember 4; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of S.J. Res. 22, with the time until 12 noon equally divided in the usual form; finally, that at 12 noon, the Senate vote on passage of S.J. Res. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator P
ORTMAN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
TAX CODE REFORM 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
this evening to talk about an issue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03NO6.028 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7729 November 3, 2015 
that is critical to keeping jobs here in 
America and keeping investment in this country and not driving it over-seas. 
We had another reminder just last 
week of just how broken our Tax Code is when a huge company, Pfizer, a pharmaceutical company, decided it could no longer compete as a U.S. cor-poration. Instead it is seeking a merger with an Irish-based drugmaker called Allergan. They want to move their cor-porate headquarters to Ireland. It is another in a long line of companies that have made this decision because our Tax Code is broken. 
Unfortunately, these kinds of trans-
actions are called inversions, where a U.S. company buys a smaller company overseas and merges with them to be-come a foreign company. That is just the tip of the iceberg. It is actually bigger than these inversions. It also has to do with foreign companies buy-ing U.S. companies because they can do so because they have a higher aftertax profit and pay a premium. These kinds of transactions are causing our jobs and investments to go overseas. 
Yesterday we had another indication 
of that. It was announced that the Irish drug company Shire is going to buy the Massachusetts-based biotech company Dyax for $6.5 billion. By the way, this isn’t the first acquisition Shire has made this year. In January they ac-quired a New Jersey-based company NPS Pharmaceuticals, and in August they bought a privately held company called Foresight Biotherapeutics. 
A foreign company coming in and 
buying U.S. companies and moving the headquarters overseas is an example of why what the Obama administration is doing to counter this is not working, because their solution to this is not to reform the Tax Code but rather to change the way the tax laws are inter-preted and put out regulations they called a tax notice that tries to block these so-called inversions. This very company we are talking about, Shire, was the subject of an inversion. It is true that AbbVie, a company in Illi-nois, was going to merge with them and do one of these inversions. They chose not to because of the administra-tion’s new tax notice—these new regu-lations. What happened instead, Shire said: Fine, we will not merge with this U.S. company through an inversion. We will just buy U.S. companies—and they bought three this year. So this is only going to be solved if we actually reform the Tax Code. 
Interestingly, we have also seen this 
with another pharmaceutical company. It is called Salex. Salex wanted to do a merger—one of these inversions—and they were blocked from doing it by the regulations, so then they decided to be-come a target for a foreign takeover. Sure enough, a Canadian company, Valeant, which had already moved from the United States to Canada in a merger, in an inversion, came to the United States and bought, in this case, Salex, which is a North Carolina com-pany. This is happening just about 
every week we are hearing about an-other company that is leaving our shores because of our Tax Code. To the administration’s credit they haven’t just put out these regulations saying let’s slow down on inversions, they have just said we do need to reform the Tax Code. That is the truth. 
This town is not doing its work. We 
are not doing what the people have elected us to do, which is to fix prob-lems like this. We are letting this fes-ter. Again, every week we have another example of this. It is no secret why this is happening. At a combined 39-percent tax rate, the United States now has the highest business tax rate of any of the industrialized countries. It is a No. 1 
that you don’t want to be. 
Second, we don’t let companies that 
are American companies bring their profits back here without paying that prohibitively high tax, so they have locked up their profits overseas. You probably heard this, but they say there is about $2.5 trillion in earnings that are locked up overseas that could come back to create jobs right here, expand-ing plants and equipment and adding more employees. Instead, because of our Tax Code, it is not coming back— $2.5 trillion. 
Importantly, the burden of this falls 
on American workers—think about it— No. 1, because these companies in America are not as competitive as they should be because of our Tax Code. Ac-cording to the studies, wages are lower, benefits are lower, U.S. workers are caught. This is one reason among oth-ers that we have wage stagnation in this country, because our Tax Code is so out of date. Just by fixing the Tax Code we could give the economy a shot in the arm and help lift up those wages. Instead, so many workers in my home State of Ohio and around this country are working hard, playing by the rules, and doing everything right. Yet their wages are flat—even, on average, de-clining. 
This is a new phenomenon for us in 
this country, but in the last 6 years wages have gone down, on average, not just stayed flat. By the way, expenses are up: health care, thanks to ObamaCare, tuition costs, energy costs, electricity bills, food costs. It is called the middle-class squeeze—flat wages, higher expenses. One way to fix that is to put forward pro-growth poli-cies that can actually make a dif-ference in getting this economy mov-ing. Specifically, we have an example where if we had a better Tax Code based on the economic analysis, it would result not just in more jobs but better jobs. It is a way we can help, not just to bring back the jobs but to bring back better jobs. 
Almost all of our competitors—think 
of the UK, Japan—have lowered their rates, and they have also gone to a competitive international tax code where their companies can bring their earnings back to invest in their coun-try. So they are beating us. America is falling behind because of this problem. American companies are much more 
valuable as foreign headquarters then they are in the hands of U.S. owners. It is the primary reason, by the way, that last year the number of acquisitions of U.S. companies by foreign companies doubled. 
Let me say that again. Last year 
there were twice as many foreign take-overs as there was the year before— twice as many. Something is happening here. By the way, this year the $275 bil-lion worth of takeovers we saw last year is likely to go to over $400 billion, we are told. So it is not quite a dou-bling this year but pretty darn close. Again, there is something happening. 
My concern is, if we don’t do some-
thing about this, we are going to look back 4 or 5 years from now and say what happened, all these great U.S. companies have gone overseas. It is not just pharmaceutical companies, it is across the board. It is all kinds of in-dustries. Try to buy an American beer. The largest U.S. beer companies are now Sam Adams, with about 1.4 per-cent market share, and Yuengling, with about the same market share. All the rest are foreign-owned—all of them—because of our Tax Code. An-heuser-Busch went overseas. Miller is overseas. Coors is overseas. You go right down the line of American busi-nesses that are affected by this, and it is thousands and thousands of jobs. 
We did a little investigation of this 
in the subcommittee that I had, called the Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations. I cochair it with C
LAIRE  
MCCASKILL , who is a Democrat from 
Missouri. We looked into these issues, did some research, and said it was worth having a hearing to bring some of these facts to light. We did this a couple of months ago. This is what we found out. Having reviewed more than a dozen foreign acquisitions of U.S. companies and mergers where the headquarters end up being overseas, we found out that jobs are being lost, in-vestments are being lost—not a sur-prise. It is not just the headquarters that move, it is the people, the money. 
One prominent case study we looked 
at was the acquisition of this Valeant pharmaceutical company that I talked about earlier. Valeant is now a com-pany in Quebec. They merged with a company in Canada. When they went up there they decided: You know what. We are now going to start buying U.S. companies because we have such an ad-vantage. We can pay a premium. They have now managed to acquire more than a dozen U.S. companies worth more than $30 billion. 
We reviewed some of the key deal 
documents to understand how the tax advantages affected these acquisitions, specifically. How did it affect them? We were able to look at the 2013 sale of the New York-based eye care firm, Bausch & Lomb. Anybody who wears contact lenses has probably heard of them. We looked at the 2015 sale of this North Carolina company called Salex that I talked about a moment ago. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.081 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7730 November 3, 2015 
those two acquisitions alone, Valeant 
determined they could shave more than $3 billion off the tax bill just by inte-grating these companies into their Ca-nadian-based operations. Think about that. 
What do these deals mean to the 
American worker? Well, the three re-cent Valeant acquisitions we studied resulted in the loss of about 2,300 U.S. jobs, plus a loss of about $16 million per year of contract manufacturing that 
was moved from the United States to Canada—additional jobs being lost. Again, this is happening as we talk to-night. There are companies considering leaving our shores because our Tax Code is so outdated and so antiquated. 
We talked about the beer industry. 
The subcommittee took testimony from a guy named Jim Cook. Jim Cook is the founder and chairman of the Bos-ton Beer Company. You might know him as the maker of Sam Adams. The market share is about 1.4 percent. Mr. Cook testified that if we fail to reform our Tax Code, his company could be next. He explained that he regularly gets offers from investment bankers to facilitate a sale. He comes back to his office after being away for a week and what does he find in his inbox, a bunch of proposals from investment banking firms saying: Why don’t you go over-seas? We will show you how do it. We will save you all kinds of money. Be-come a foreign corporation. This is happening all over the country. 
Mr. Cook, to his credit, is a real pa-
triot. He doesn’t want to become a for-eign company. He has declined all these offers, but he also informed us that when he is gone he believes that company will be driven by financial pressure to become an overseas com-pany. He owns a majority of the com-pany’s voting shares. He is fortunate. Not all CEOs are in that position, of course. They can’t afford—because they have a fiduciary responsibility to their shareholders—to be able to with-stand this pressure to go overseas. 
So in our subcommittee hearing and 
in some of the dialogue on the floor and elsewhere, we heard a lot of criti-cism of these companies that have gone overseas. I will say the plain truth, which is, if there is any villain in this story, it is not those companies. I wish they would stay here, but it is not those companies. It is our Tax Code and it is Washington. 
Just another example, along with 
regulatory relief, as we talked about earlier tonight, along with expanding exporting and being sure imports are fairly traded, along with dealing with our education system and our worker retraining system at the Federal level that is not working—all of these things need to be changed. Our energy ap-proach to have a one-size-fits-all pol-icy, that is Washington that can and should do that. 
There are so many issues that we are 
not addressing in terms of the debt and the deficit, economic issues. This is an-other one and this one is just so obvi-ous. Mr. Cook is famous today, the found-
er and chairman of Boston Beer Com-pany Sam Adams, because he was in a Wall Street Journal editorial. I com-mend that editorial to you. It talks about exactly what I mentioned ear-lier, which is because the aftertax prof-it is greater for a foreign company, they can pay a premium. It talks about the fact that as compared to being able to bring a dollar back from overseas as a U.S. company and having 39 percent of it taxed, with a foreign entity—for instance, what could happen with Pfizer—they can go overseas, become an Irish company, and only pay 12 per-cent. They can bring 88 cents of that dollar back to this country. What an irony. They can invest more in Amer-ica by being a foreign company. We would like them to be able to be an American company, bring that money back that is overseas, and build invest-ments, jobs, plants, equipment, and people. 
The Wall Street Journal editorial 
was wrong in one regard; that is, they said Jim Cook is a bearded brewer. He doesn’t have a beard, but he is a brew-er. They also said this is an issue that divides Democrats and Republicans. I would say with respect, as a Repub-lican on this side of the aisle, it is not that simple. There are Democrats who actually think we should be reforming the Tax Code. There are a lot of Repub-licans who think that too. In the Presi-dential debate you can see a lot of Re-publicans talking about it. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, doesn’t seem much interested in it. She wants to punish these companies that go overseas. That is not going to help. That will cause more companies to go overseas. They will vote with their feet, but I don’t believe this is a par-tisan issue. 
I actually believe there are people of 
good will on both sides of the aisle who get this. 
Senator S
CHUMER and I did a report 
after a working group that we were asked to chair by our leadership where we came up with the conclusion that we had to fix this system. Senator S
CHUMER is a Democrat and I am a Re-
publican. We don’t agree on a lot of things. But we agreed on this because after hearing testimony from people, including CEOs of companies that were struggling with this decision, we real-ized we had to deal with it. We have to deal with it. I believe ultimately that what we have to do is to overhaul our entire Tax Code. We should deal with the individual side of the code, we should lower that rate and broaden the base, in other words, get rid of a lot of the preferences and loopholes. 
On the corporate side, we should do 
the same thing and get the corporate rate so it is competitive. A 25-percent rate rather than a 35-percent rate would make a big difference. 
The overhaul is necessary for us to be 
able to give the economy the real shot in the arm it deserves. But in the short term, we have a President who refuses to reform the taxes on the individual 
side without raising significant new revenues—in other words, increasing taxes dramatically, a couple of trillion dollars in his budget. We are not going to do that because that would hurt the economy too much. But even with a President who believes that on the in-dividual side, there does seem to be 
more consensus on this business issue— what to do with the business tax code— particularly as it relates to the inter-national tax code we talked about. So my feeling is, let’s take a first step. Let’s do what we can do on a bipartisan basis. Let’s build on that consensus that we have reached—that we have to fix this problem now or we are going to see more and more companies and jobs and investment go overseas. Let’s come up with something that addresses that specific problem. 
In July, in this report that Senator 
S
CHUMER and I released, we suggested 
three things where we can find a con-sensus. One, let’s move to that inter-national tax system where we can allow people to bring their earnings home. Let’s not lock those earnings up overseas. Let’s have what you would call a permanent repatriation and allow that money to come back. By the way, that money could be used for all kinds of things, including infrastruc-ture. So it could be tied to the highway bill. But it is important for me that we change the system to allow those funds to come back here and create jobs and opportunity in America. There is $2.5 trillion locked up overseas. 
Second, we said we ought to have in-
centives to be able to keep intellectual property, which is highly mobile, here in America, because a lot of countries around the world now are setting up what they call patent boxes or innova-tion boxes, and they are attracting our best and brightest. They are creating now a nexus between the lower rate you get if you move that intellectual property overseas and the researchers. In other words, they will give you a low tax rate, but you have to move the expertise there too. 
Again, we are going to look back a 
few years from now if we don’t deal with this and say: What happened? Some of our best researchers, some of our best colleges and universities here are now not doing the work anymore because it is being done overseas, be-cause they are providing the inventive and we are not. 
Third, we agree we do need to have 
some sensible base erosion protections that would discourage companies from shifting their income to low-tax juris-dictions, to tax havens, just for that purpose. By the way, the businesses that we talked to around the country agree with that. They would like to see a lower tax rate also. That is incred-ibly important. That is the obvious next step. But I do think there is an op-portunity for us to act and to act now to be able to help give the economy a shot in the arm, to bring back the tril-lions of dollars from overseas, and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.082 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7731 November 3, 2015 
help us stop this exodus of jobs and in-
vestment in U.S. companies overseas. 
I also believe we could act this year 
on this. We know what to do. There have been plenty of reports and stud-ies. There is actually a tax proposal in-troduced by Dave Camp, who was the chairman of the Ways and Means Com-mittee prior to P
AUL RYAN. P AUL 
RYAN, who is now Speaker of the 
House, is very interested in this. He has done a lot of good work on this. The Ways and Means Committee and the Finance Committee have held lit-erally dozens of hearings. We know what to do. It is a question of political will to get it done. 
As we do that, we should also be sure 
to address the annual tax extenders. These are provisions for the Tax Code that are only in place for a short period of time. Right now they have already expired. The idea is that at the end of the year we might once again retro-actively extend these tax provisions. Think of the R&D tax credit, for in-stance, or the research and develop-ment tax credit. That is very impor-tant. 
We think we should make those ex-
tenders that are good policy perma-nent. If we did that and we did this tax reform we talked about earlier, which by the way would be revenue neutral, this is the one area where the Presi-dent of the United States and other Democrats are willing to say: Let’s not try to wring more taxes out of the sys-tem; let’s try to do this on a revenue- 
neutral basis. 
By the way, it is going to be so pro- 
growth that it will result in more rev-enue coming in, not because you raise taxes, but because it is the right thing to do to encourage jobs, investment, and opportunity. But if you did these tax extenders along with it, you would be making the policies permanent, which would provide a huge boost to the economy. The Joint Committee on Taxation found that the short-term ex-tenders that were passed by the Senate Finance Committee last month—this is just a short-term one for a 2-year ex-tension, would create $10.4 billion in new tax revenue over the next 10 years. Think about that. That is just a short- term extension. Imagine the growth if those were made permanent. 
So we do have the opportunity here 
to do something good for our country, for our companies, and, most impor-tantly, for American workers, and one that is going to result in growth in the economy and, therefore, in revenue through growth, not through higher taxes but in fact by getting the tax rates down and having a competitive international tax system. 
The last thing we want to do is to 
look back a few years from now and say: We had this opportunity. In this area, at least, we have a President will-ing to work with us. We have some Democrats and Republicans willing to join hands and get something done. We missed the opportunity. Now we are 
seeing this unfortunate movement of more and more of our great American companies overseas. We are seeing the American tax base being eroded. We are seeing something that would take away the opportunity for us to help get this economy back on track for every-body, for the shared prosperity that we all seek. 
If that happens, we will have no one 
to blame but ourselves here in this town. So I would encourage my col-leagues again: Look at what is hap-pening. Look at what happened with Pfizer last week, with Shire this week, and with yet another company I am sure next week. We need to wake up and realize that if we don’t act—and we alone can act because this requires a change in tax policy. It cannot happen through more regulations. It has to happen by changing the law. If we don’t act, we are not doing our duty to those who sent us here to represent them. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:18 p.m., 
adjourned until Wednesday, November 4, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03NO6.083 S03NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1575 November 3, 2015 
RECOGNIZING VALPARAISO 
UNIVERSITY’S HONORS COLLEGE 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the National Collegiate Honors Council (NCHC). For the past 50 years, the NCHC has been committed to excellence in honors education. 
In particular, I rise to honor Valparaiso Uni-
versity’s honors college, Christ College, an NCHC member located in Indiana’s First Con-gressional District, for its commitment to teaching America’s finest students. Dedicated to the cultivation of intellectual, moral, and spiritual virtues, Christ College seeks to em-phasize history, literature, art, philosophy, and religious studies. Small discussion-centered classes offer stimulating interdisciplinary study with master teacher-scholars appointed full- time to the honors college. The students en-rolled in the honors program not only take rig-orous honors coursework, but are concurrently enrolled in one of Valparaiso University’s other excellent colleges from which they earn their degrees. 
Prominent Christ College alumni include 
federal district court judge Rebecca R. Pallmeyer, class of 1976, and the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of Energy Resources, Mary Burce Warlick. These outstanding examples, and the many other successful alumni of the honors program, are a testament to the dedication that Valparaiso University’s Christ College has towards its students. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-
guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating the National Collegiate Honors Council on its 50th anniversary and in recognizing the exemplary commitment to education at Christ College. For its passionate dedication to the institute of education, the NCHC and Christ College are worthy of the highest praise. Founded in 1859, Valparaiso University has been a true asset to Northwest Indiana since its inception, and its faculty, staff, and stu-dents are a source of pride for the First Con-gressional District. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a 
proud member of the Congressional Black Caucus to participate in this special order hour on ‘‘Saving Our Communities’’ and to discuss how we can work together to address the mili-tarization of law enforcement, the high rate of arrest of our African American youth in our school systems, and the importance of crimi-
nal justice reform. 
First, let me thank my colleague Congress-
woman R
OBIN KELLY, for organizing this spe-
cial order and for her continued leadership on so many issues, especially as chair of the 
CBC’s Health Braintrust. Her leadership is so critical for these important discussions. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to speak about 
our broken criminal justice system and how its institutional biases overwhelmingly and nega-tively affect African Americans. Black bodies are criminalized, our police forces are becom-ing more and more militarized and we see as-tronomical arrest rates amongst African Amer-ican youth. 
From the East Bay to New York City, we 
see a common story of African Americans liv-ing in a different version of America. Their version is one filled with fear, distrust, and vi-cious cycles of incarceration, unemployment, poverty and recidivism. 
Mass incarceration and a lack of reintegra-
tion policies have greatly hurt African Amer-ican communities and I am frankly tired of waiting for ‘‘the people’s’’ house to act. 
For too long, we have ignored issues affect-
ing African American communities. It is time to do the good work needed to save our commu-nities. Let’s pass criminal justice reform, end the militarization of our police forces, and work so that no student will have to go through what that young woman in South Carolina went through. 
I applaud the President for his announce-
ment today, and his bold and continued lead-ership to advance criminal justice reform. Yet much work remains to be done. 
The cycle of incarceration and recidivism 
start early for African American students. The school to prison pipeline is very real and it pushes young people into prisons before they even have a chance. 
While black students represent just 18 per-
cent of preschool enrollment, they account for 42 percent of preschool student expulsions. We are talking about kids that are 2–5 years old—these kids don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. 
This carries over to high-school. Look at the 
incident at Spring Valley High school in South Carolina—it speaks to issues around black criminalization and the unnecessary escalation of discipline for African American students. 
Having a phone out in class does not war-
rant a police call, and it certainly does not jus-tify a student—a child, really—from being thrown out of a chair and dragged across a classroom floor. 
Yet we see today that young African Amer-
ican girls are disciplined 10.5 times more than their white counterparts. Black girls are ex-pelled and suspended at higher rates as well—what is going on? 
We live in a country where black and brown 
youth are punished more often and more se-verely than their white counterparts. Yet few seem to raise an eyebrow at these gross dis-parities—disparities that have landed thou-sands of young people in jail, without hope and without a future. As the mother of black men and the grand-
mother of two black boys, I find statistics like that troubling. For African Americans, we have allowed our school system to be turned into a prison pipeline. We must act now to stop it. 
The sad thing about the Spring Valley inci-
dent is that this is not the first time we have seen students be brutalized at school. And while I commend the police department for fir-ing this out of line officer and applaud the Jus-tice Department for investigating, more must be done to prevent these miscarriages of jus-tice. 
We must address the systemic issues facing 
our education and criminal justice systems. 
Nationwide, our local police forces have be-
come increasingly militarized. Images from the unrest in Ferguson caused an outcry as we saw citizens being repelled by police officers in tanks. It looked like a scene from a battle-field than the streets of a suburban Missouri town. 
For too long excess military equipment has 
been sent to local jurisdictions with the obliga-tion to use them within one year. Weapons of war have no place on Main Street. 
That is why I am a proud co-sponsor of the 
Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act (H.R. 1232) a bipartisan bill that reins in the transfer of military equipment to civilian law enforce-ment agencies. 
Instead of finding ways to arm our police 
forces, let’s find ways to provide them with greater racial sensitivity training and work to build greater trust between law enforcement and the communities in which they serve. 
That is why I introduced H. Res. 262, a res-
olution supporting community-oriented policing and encouraging greater diversity in law en-forcement hiring and retention. 
Our local law enforcement agencies must 
reflect the communities they serve. 
Finally Mr. Speaker, it is past time that we 
tackle criminal justice reform. The President made some bold announcements today but Congress must act. 
Let us ban the box, implement policies that 
increase integration, and address issues of in-come inequality and poverty that keep too many people and families trapped in a cycle of mass incarceration, unemployment, poverty and recidivism. 
Systemic and institutional racial biases have 
broken our criminal justice system and eroded trust between law enforcement and the com-munities that they serve. 
Thoughtful criminal justice reform is what is 
necessary to mend these relationships and work to ‘‘save our community’’ from the inside and out. 
I am proud to be a member of the CBC’s 
Ferguson Task Force that is putting forth real, actionable legislation that should come for-ward for an immediate vote— 
Legislation like the Police Accountability Act 
(H.R. 1102) and the Grand Jury Reform Act (H.R. 429, which together would ensure that deadly force cases are heard by a judge and ensure police accountability by expanding the DOJ’s power to persecute cases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03NO8.001 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1576 November 3, 2015 
Let’s work to save these communities. Let’s 
end excessive force in our schools, work to stop the decriminalization of black bodies, and find effective solutions to the end the school to prison pipeline. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONCERN OVER 
ANTI-ISRAEL AND ANTI-SEMITIC INCITEMENT WITHIN THE PALES-TINIAN AUTHORITY 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in 
support of H. Res. 293, expressing concerns over anti-Semitic incitement within the Pales-tinian Authority. 
I continue to support the safety and security 
of Jewish people across the globe. 
Indeed, last week, I signed on to the Royce- 
Engel letter to President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian National Authority to express my deep concern over the recent wave of vio-lence in Israel and the West Bank. 
It is imperative that political leaders across 
the globe help to set the tone for peace by ad-vocating non-violence. 
Over the past two months, news reports in-
form us that scores of attacks on innocent Israelis have occurred. 
This bipartisan legislation condemns these 
attacks and urges Palestinian Authority lead-ers to discontinue all incitement and exert po-litical influence to discourage any form of vio-lence by the Palestinian civil society. 
This legislation also expresses support for 
individuals and organizations working to en-courage cooperation between Israelis and Pal-estinians. 
This legislation encapsulates the United 
States’ unwavering support as Israel’s strong-est ally. 
Indeed, among other things, the 1995 In-
terim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, also known as Oslo II, asks all parties to abstain from incitement without derogation for the principle of freedom of ex-pression to prevent incitement by any organi-zation, groups or individuals within their juris-diction. 
Moreover, Oslo II admonishes Israel and the 
Palestinian Authority to ascertain that their re-spective educational systems facilitate peace between Israeli and Palestinian peoples, work-ing together towards peace in the region. 
This legislation encourages and recognizes 
the work of individuals and organizations fo-cused on facilitating the cooperation towards peace between Israelis and Palestinians. 
Thus, I support and urge continued efforts 
to urge an end to language that incites any form of violence and I encourage efforts to 
help facilitate peace between all parties in-volved. EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
HOUSE REGARDING SAFETY AND SECURITY OF EUROPEAN JEWISH COMMUNITIES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PATRICK MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
strongly support this resolution regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. Seventy years after the Holocaust, we are seeing an alarming spike in anti-Semitic activity and violence targeting Jews throughout Europe. In the past year alone, there have been hundreds of violent acts targeting the Jewish community, including deadly attacks at a kosher supermarket in Paris and the Great Synagogue in Copenhagen. 
As a world leader, the United States must 
make every effort to work with our European partners to keep the Jewish community safe and secure. This resolution does just that by encouraging the United States to work with European governments to create partnerships with Jewish community groups to improve pre-paredness and responsiveness to anti-Semitic attacks, create open lines of communication to share information about potential threats, ex-pand relationships with local law enforcement, and to help develop baseline security stand-ards for Jewish organizations and facilities. It also urges European allies to appoint senior officials to coordinate efforts to combat anti- Semitism and hold law enforcement account-able for training to monitor and respond to anti-Semitic violence. Additionally, this resolu-tion commends the work of the United States Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism and its efforts in promoting religious freedom around the world. 
As a member of the Intelligence Committee 
and the Bipartisan Task Force on Combating Anti-Semitism, I understand how crucial it is to the stabilization of communities in Europe that we forcefully stand up to anti-Semitism. Anti- Semitism does not just impact the Jewish community. When this hatred flourishes, it af-fects all ethnic, religious, and other minority groups. 
Given the urgency of addressing this grow-
ing threat, I am proud to have prioritized work-ing to combat the rise in anti-Semitism, lead-ing my colleagues in writing to the Special Envoy calling for the U.S. to continue to be a global leader in combating all forms of hate. My colleagues also joined me in encouraging the United Nations to work with member states to curb anti-Semitism by enacting strong hate crime laws, expanding education on diversity and tolerance in their own coun-tries, and encouraging heads of state to force-fully speak out about the dangers of anti-Sem-itism. 
This resolution furthers these efforts by 
highlighting the safety and security needs of Jewish communities across Europe and the role our European partners have to play in combatting anti-Semitism. I urge my col-leagues in the House to join me in passing this urgent resolution. IN RECOGNITION OF BERWICK 
AREA HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL COACH ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to recognize retiring Berwick Area High School football coach, George Curry, as he concludes a highly successful career. George is the winningest coach in Pennsylvania high school history, and has had a tremendously positive impact on countless student athletes in my district. 
For the past 46 years, George has em-
barked on a career underpinned by 450 wins and six Pennsylvania State Championships. He was twice named National Coach of the Year by USA TODAY, and his teams were se-lected as National Champions by that same newspaper three times. 
It should also be noted that George was not 
just interested in procuring a prolific number of wins. Rather, he was focused on the develop-ment of his players, both academically and personally. Many of George’s players believe that they would never have had access to such world-class educations if they had not counted him as a mentor and coach—and more than 700 of George’s players went on to collegiate careers. Further, over 200 landed scholarships to top Division I programs in Pennsylvania and elsewhere. The fact that George would spend hours putting together promotional packages for college recruiters on behalf of players who did not even attend Ber-wick Area High School is a testament to his utter dedication and commitment to the devel-opment of our community’s youth, and is a practice that should be commended. 
It is no secret that George’s players have 
enjoyed tremendous athletic success as a re-sult of his leadership. But still others never played a single down of football beyond high school, and went right into careers, or trades, or into the military, and took with them lessons about life that only George could have instilled in them. They have raised, are raising, or soon will raise families that will become part of the expanding fabric of our community, and for this, we have George to thank. 
Mr. Speaker, I am immensely proud to help 
commemorate George Curry’s phenomenal career, and am forever grateful for the futures he has shaped, and the lives he has touched. This is the true measure of a great high school football coach and mentor, and I hope that George will celebrate the culmination of an impactful career in the company of his fam-ily and friends. 
f 
THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
GREAT BAY COMMUNITY COL-LEGE IN PORTSMOUTH, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 70th anniversary of Great Bay Community College in Portsmouth, New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03NO8.002 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1577 November 3, 2015 
Hampshire. I am pleased to join with the Com-
munity College System of New Hampshire in recognizing this great milestone for the col-lege. Great Bay Community College first opened its doors in 1945 in Portsmouth as the State Trade School; its primary mission was to provide trade school facilities for veterans de-mobilized from the Armed Services. 
Since the first class of 130 veterans in 
1945, the school has grown and evolved to offer over 50 degree and certificate programs. The courses offered over the years have changed, ranging from machine tooling, sheet metal work, auto mechanics, electronics and refrigeration to nursing, added in 1966, to today where degrees range from biotech-nologies, criminology, management and mar-keting, to advanced composite manufacturing. 
As we celebrate Great Bay Community Col-
lege’s 70th anniversary, it continues to grow having just added a 20,000 square foot stu-dent center to its facilities. This new addition is a testament to the dedication the school has to its students and the growing need for rea-sonable and affordable higher education. I am proud to join with my fellow Granite Staters in recognizing the 70th anniversary of Great Bay Community College, and wish them all the 
best in their future years. 
f 
PARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN 
THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL POLICE ORGANIZATION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in 
strong support of H.R. 1853, directing the President to develop a strategy to obtain ob-server status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL). 
As the Ranking Member of the Sub-
committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, the empowerment of law enforcement in order that they be able to carry out their mandate in upholding the rule of law and preservation of peace and security are imperatives I believe we must continue to seek to facilitate. 
Our world today is fraught with global ter-
rorism, with groups utilizing information shar-ing and technologies to advance their vitriolic causes. 
This is why organizing, inclusion and em-
powerment of nations willing to work together to combat domestic and global terrorism is in our global and national security interest. 
This measure facilitates the United States’ 
and the global community’s ability to move swiftly to empower police and law enforcement in our collective efforts of coordinating, pre-empting and acting swiftly in unison in com-batting terrorism, crisis prevention and re-sponse. 
I join this bipartisan measure which seeks to 
facilitate INTERPOL member states’ efforts to promote Taiwan’s ability to bid to obtain ob-server status in the INTERPOL. 
Indeed, since 1964, Taiwan had maintained 
full membership, but was ejected 20 years later when the People’s Republic of China (PRC) applied for membership. 
Part of what the United States Administra-
tion can do is to take the lead in endorsing Taiwan in obtaining its observer status. The United States has expressed its affirm-
ative intentions in support of Taiwan’s partici-pation in appropriate international organiza-tions, as delineated in the 1994 Taiwan Policy Review. 
For instance, Public Law 108–235 author-
ized the Secretary of State to initiate and im-plement a plan to endorse and obtain ob-server status at the annual World Health As-sembly for six consecutive years, owing to Taiwan’s significant contribution to the global community’s efforts of addressing pandemic control and global public health issues of our day. 
Indeed, the INTERPOL’s constitution allows 
observer status at meetings by police entities who are not members of the Organization. 
The current status of non-membership sta-
tus preludes Taiwan from gaining access to INTERPOL’s I–24/7 global communications systems, an important real time information sharing infrastructure on domestic and global criminals. 
The current state of affairs relegates Taiwan 
to hearsay or second hand information from friendly nations such as the United States. 
This impedes Taiwan’s ability to move swift-
ly in information acquisition as it relates to its domestic and global crime fighting efforts. 
As a senior member of the Committee on 
Homeland Security, global and national secu-rity is very important to me. 
This measure seeks to protect our security 
interests in Taiwan as well as the global secu-rity of the world. 
Taiwan’s inaccessibility to critical information 
readily made available to its law enforcement forces places our entire world at risk. 
This measure seeks to facilitate Taiwan’s di-
rect and unobstructed participation in the Inter-national Criminal Police which promotes global security. 
I support and urge the support of this meas-
ure because it is beneficial for all nations and their police authorities to be able to share in-formation with authorized police authorities in their law enforcement and peacekeeping ef-forts in combatting local and global crimes, in-cluding the contemporary crime of terrorism. 
f 
HONORING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF 
DR. PAUL W. WHEAR 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize the accomplishments of Dr. Paul W. Whear on the occasion of his 90th birthday. Today in my hometown of Hun-tington, West Virginia, friends and family of Dr. Whear will gather at the Huntington Museum of Art to celebrate the remarkable accomplish-ments of a distinguished American composer. Dr. Whear’s works have been performed by many distinguished institutions around the globe, and he is known in my district for his time as composer emeritus at Marshall Univer-sity and conductor emeritus of the Huntington Chamber Orchestra. 
Dr. Whear also served our nation during 
World War II as a naval officer, where he wrote several compositions for the U.S. Navy Band and Naval Academy Band, the West Point Academy Band, the U.S. Army Band and U.S. Marine band. Dr. Whear is one of the finest musical tal-
ents to come out of the great state of West Virginia, and I along with many others wish him a very happy birthday. 
f 
HONORING ANTWAN CLARK 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mr. Antwan Clark. 
Antwan Clark was born March 26, 1980 to 
the proud parents of Sylvester and Jeanette Clark of Lexington, Mississippi. He has two sisters, Kadisha and Abbie. 
Antwan is the epitome of the phrase 
‘‘strength through adversity’’. After being left paralyzed after a car accident during his junior year of high school, Antwan persevered. His determination to attain success motivated him to graduate from J.J. McClain High School in 1998 with honors. After graduating with honors from JJMHS, Antwan attended Holmes Com-munity College and majored in Business and Office Technology. To continue pursuing his goals, he then enrolled in Antonelli College where he earned a degree in Computer Tech-nical Support and Networking, maintaining a 3.9 grade-point average. In 2007, the Career College Association invited Antwan to Wash-ington, D.C., where he was awarded for his achievements. 
Antwan is currently employed by the Com-
munity Students Learning Center (CSLC) in Lexington, MS as an Information Technology Specialist and Website Developer. He also uses his knowledge and technical skills to tutor and teach computer classes at CSLC. Antwan also has a home-based computer re-pair business called ‘‘Top Quality Computer Services’’ located at 1131 Busy Bee Road, Lexington, MS 39095. His business special-izes in issues regarding: computer repair, soft-ware applications, computer networking, virus/ spyware removal, and website design. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mr. Antwan Clark for his dedi-cation and support to the Holmes County Community. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
HOUSE REGARDING SAFETY AND SECURITY OF EUROPEAN JEWISH COMMUNITIES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in 
support of H. Res. 254, regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities across Europe. 
I continue to support the safety of Israeli 
people across the globe. 
Indeed, last week, I signed on to the Royce- 
Engel letter to President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian National Authority to express my deep concern over the recent wave of vio-lence in Israel and the West Bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03NO8.004 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1578 November 3, 2015 
It is imperative that political leaders across 
the globe help to set the tone for peace by ad-vocating non-violence. 
Numerous attacks on so many innocent 
lives in Europe alone is so much cause for alarm: Anti-Semitic rhetoric and acts, accord-ing to FBI reports involved 870 incidents in 2012 with anti-Jewish bias motivation, includ-ing 13 violent incidents, and 625 incidents in 2013 attributed to anti-Jewish bias; an in-crease in violent attacks on people and places of worship; and an escalation of frequency, variety and severity of the various attacks. 
Anti-Semitic attacks are threats to the fun-
damental rights we hold so dear in our nation. 
Security and diversity of all citizens, soci-
eties and countries are sacrosanct in our na-tion. 
This is why the United States joined forces 
with France and the United Kingdom in rec-ognition of the importance of partnership, training and information sharing between gov-ernment entities and the Jewish community security groups with the eye towards the safe-ty and security of Jewish communities. 
As a senior member of the House Home-
land Security Committee, information sharing initiatives such as our national ‘‘If You See Something, Say Something’’ campaign imple-mented by our nation’s Department of Home-land Security is a critical initiative that will en-able prevention of anti-Semitic violent attacks on individuals and communities. 
This bill is also critical because it urges the 
United States Government, the Secretary of State, Secretary of Homeland Security, the At-torney General, Director of the FBI to engage their European counterparts to partner in the protection of the Jewish community in Europe. 
This Bill reaffirms the very important U.S. 
support for the United States Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat anti-Semitism with the eye towards fostering and facilitating inter-national religious freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 354 be-
cause it supports an end to the dramatic in-crease of the number of violent anti-Semitic attacks in some European countries. 
These attacks, increasingly targeting places 
of ordinary daily life like market places and places of worship must stop. 
Thus, I support and urge enhanced partner-
ships between governments and Jewish com-munity groups-which are critical to helping keep Jewish communities secure. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Monday, November 2, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 582. RECOGNIZING REAL SCHOOL GAR-
DENS’ 100TH LEARNING GARDEN IN TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize REAL School Gardens’ 100th learning garden at Jerry Junkins Elementary School, which will be the fifth REAL School Garden in the 24th district of Texas. REAL School Gardens is a nonprofit organization that has been creating outdoor learning gar-dens in low-income elementary schools since 2003. Once this 100th outdoor classroom is completed, the organization will have engaged more than 100,000 students in Texas in hands-on curricula integrating science with language arts. 
REAL School Gardens’ strong commitment 
to having local communities invested in the design, build, and use of the school gardens is truly impressive. Each REAL School Garden involves a partnership between students and their parents, the school, and private funders. Once a school is selected, REAL School Gar-dens works with the principal and teachers to host a student design challenge. The commu-nity then comes together for a ‘‘Design and Dine’’ dinner to tailor the garden plan to the school’s culture and learning objectives. 
Once the design is finalized, everyone, in-
cluding corporate partners such as Mercedes Benz Financial Services, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas, and Wells Fargo, participates in the ‘‘Big Dig’’—an event when the commu-nity builds the garden in just one day. The re-sults have been remarkable. In my district, there are outdoor learning gardens with earth science stations, drip irrigation systems, weather data stations, and wildlife habitats that serve as learning tools that have helped participating schools in Texas have standard-ized test score pass rates jump 12 to 15 per-cent. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to congratulate 
REAL School Gardens on this achievement and wish the organization the best with the next 100 REAL School Gardens. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in cele-brating such an accomplishment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE EFFORTS OF 
PROJECT BLUE NOVEMBER IN WEST VIRGINIA 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to recognize the efforts of those in my district who are promoting Project Blue No-vember, which seeks to raise awareness of Type 1 Diabetes. Diabetes is prevalent in mil-lions of people of all ages in the United States, including approximately 200,000 peo-ple under the age of 20 that have been diag-nosed with Type 1 Diabetes. It is because of children like seven-year-old Ainsley Jackson of Milton, West Virginia, who was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes at an early age, that we must do all we can to combat this disease. Increasing awareness within our commu-
nities of the symptoms and risk factors related to diabetes improve the chances that those with the condition will get the care and atten-tion they need before the severe complications of diabetes develop. That is why the actions of those promoting the goals of Project Blue No-vember are critically important to spread throughout our communities in West Virginia and the United States. 
With the promotion efforts of those like the 
Milton City Council in my district, I am certain Project Blue November’s goal of raising awareness of Type 1 Diabetes will be suc-cessful in having a positive impact on the lives of many families in West Virginia. 
f 
GLOBAL ANTI-POACHING ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a 
longstanding member of the Congressional Animal Rights Caucus and champion of wild-life preservation and protection of animals, I rise in support of H.R. 2494, the Global Anti- Poaching Act by Chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, Congressman R
OYCE of Cali-
fornia. 
Earlier this year, in light of the brutal killing 
of Cecil the Lion, I introduced and sought the support of my colleagues as original co-spon-sors of my legislation entitled, Cecil the Lion Endangered and Threatened Species Act of 2015. 
H.R. 2494 embodies the purpose of my leg-
islation by strengthening partner countries’ ca-pacity in countering wildlife trafficking and des-ignating major wildlife countries for protection. 
Mr. Speaker, my legislation on Cecil the 
Lion amends the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to prohibit the taking and transportation of any endangered or threatened species as a trophy into the United States. 
This current legislation crystallizes our bipar-
tisan collective efforts to address and tackle a yearly $7 to $10 billion illicit venture that seeks to destroy endangered and troubled wildlife. 
Currently, the Endangered Species Act 
(ESA) does not protect the vast majority of wild animals killed and imported. 
While the ESA allows for the importation of 
endangered and threatened species for sci-entific research, propagation or survival of the species, hunters are abusing this limited ex-ception to murder and transport protected wildlife for sport. 
As a result of this loophole, tens of thou-
sands of wild animals are killed every year by trophy hunters and transported into the United States. 
The conservation of endangered and threat-
ened species is critically important to the sus-tainability of our biodiversity, ecosystem and the beauty of wildlife as we know it. 
Terrorist organizations are not only proving 
to be a threat to global security but also a threat to our environment and natural wildlife, utilizing the funds from their illicit activity of wildlife poaching to fund their terroristic activi-ties. 
Vulnerable species are at the mercy of 
transnational terrorist groups whose actions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03NO8.006 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1579 November 3, 2015 
place these natural inhabitants of the earth in 
danger of extinction. 
For example, the population of African ele-
phants has decreased from 1.3 million to 400,000, with 22,000 poached in 2012. 
Only 3,200 tigers remain in the wild, and 
these tigers remain in danger of being poached for their skins, bones and body parts. 
H.R. 2494 works to enforce the United Na-
tions Security Council multilateral sanctions against individuals and entities engaging in il-licit trade of wildlife in support of armed groups like the Lord’s Resistance Army, al- Shabaab and other terrorist organizations. 
This legislation supports the efforts of the 
State Department under the Transnational Or-ganized Crime Rewards Program to dismantle the wildlife trafficking syndicates in the global south from Africa to Asia. 
This legislation supports the President’s Ex-
ecutive Order 13648, geared at combatting wildlife trafficking, through the creation of a Presidential Task Force responsible for our national strategy to combat wildlife trafficking. 
Indeed, the United States along with 40 
countries from Africa, Asia, the Middle East and Latin America participated in the London Conference on the Illegal Wildlife Trade where we collectively committed to addressing the cultural, social, environmental and economic consequences of the illegal trade in wildlife. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill seeks to protect en-
dangered species, expand and professionalize wildlife enforcement networks through: assess-ment of the capacity of existing enforcement networks in member countries; establishment of a central secretariat to coordinate enforce-ment networks; facilitation of law enforcement and intelligence efforts and information shar-ing; utilization of the expertise of international bodies and civil society organizations to tackle the issue; and training of enforcement per-sonnel, and the creation and institutionaliza-tion of a wildlife enforcement platform based on the rule of law. 
Indeed, by making certain large-scale wild-
life trafficking crimes predicate offenses for money laundering, racketeering, and smug-gling, this bill elevates the seriousness of major wildlife trafficking offenses, putting wild-life crime on par legally with other forms of transnational organized crime. 
Mr. Speaker, as ranking member on the 
House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, this bill is a step in the right direction as it en-forces existing laws, directs fines, forfeitures, and penalties, all imperative for wildlife con-servation. 
I strongly support H.R. 2494 because it sup-
ports on-the-ground efforts to protect species, including elephants, tigers, and rhinos from becoming victims of wildlife crime. 
f 
HONORING MRS. L ATONYA 
WILLIAMS-BRADLEY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable entre-preneur, Mrs. LaTonya Williams-Bradley. 
Strands of long, black locks fell effortlessly 
onto the floor as a pair of young eyes looked on eagerly—carefully observing the technique 
of the hands behind the shears that snipped away to create a new, edgy look. 
Mrs. Williams-Bradley of Cleveland watched 
intently as her mother cut, washed and curled mane after mane, building a strong clientele at her Rosedale salon. 
She remembers while sitting and observing 
her mother at her salon as a child, that she desired to follow in her mother’s footsteps and become a hair stylist. 
But, what she didn’t know was that she 
would also become an agent, to help others do the same, as owner and CEO of Goshen School of Cosmetology in Cleveland, Mis-sissippi. 
As a single parent Mrs. Williams-Bradley re-
ceived her cosmetology education at Coahoma Community College in Clarksdale, Mississippi, where she graduated in 2006. 
After passing the state licensure to become 
a licensed cosmetologist, Mrs. Williams-Brad-ley returned to Coahoma Community College to further her cosmetology career to become a cosmetology instructor and completed that course of study in 2009. She was immediately offered the opportunity to become a cosme-tology instructor at Coahoma Community Col-lege. 
After working at Coahoma Community Col-
lege she worked at Blue Cliff College in Gulf-port, Mississippi as a cosmetology instructor. 
During her tenure as an instructor she de-
cided that it was time to pursue her dream of owning her salon and began researching en-trepreneurship practices and opportunities, eventually, deciding it was time to pursue her dream of one day opening her own salon. In 2011 she opened Goshen Salon and Boutique in Cleveland, Mississippi. She chose the bib-lical name Goshen because it is a land of plenty, comfort and growth in Egypt. On July 29, 2013 she opened Goshen School of Cos-metology with a core curriculum and institution designed to promote growth, increase and comfort. 
Now, what was once the dream of a little 
girl has become a reality. Mrs. Williams-Brad-ley has enjoyed substantial success in the ex-citing field of cosmetology. Where over the last nine years she owned and managed two successful hair salons while teaching at two colleges, inspired numerous students to strive for excellence and to achieve their maximum potential. 
The motto she shares with others is ‘‘What-
ever is your passion and your heart’s desire— pursue it and be the best at it and believe that there is nothing too hard for God.’’ 
Mrs. Williams-Bradley is married to Tony 
Bradley and has four children: Teara, Tamaryea, Zira and Lauren. She is the daugh-ter of Freddie and Barbara Graham and has two (2) siblings: Erica Jackson and Beauty Graham. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing an amazing entrepreneur. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I was unable 
to vote during the first vote of the last vote se-ries on September 30, 2015. Had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call Vote 527, which was the Adoption of H. Con. Res. 79, directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the en-rollment of the Senate amendment to H.R. 719. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for Roll Call vote No. 582, a re-corded vote on H.R. 1853. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF 
T SANTORA 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate T Santora on his long career as a Los Angeles labor leader, and as an influential activist for the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) individ-uals. 
T has dedicated decades of his professional 
life to the Communications Workers of Amer-ica, a union that protects the interests of thou-sands of L.A. workers. He has spent 35 years as a full-time CWA representative, working in both local and national positions. 
Today, T is President Emeritus of CWA 
Local 9003, which represents a diverse mem-bership of approximately 2,500 workers in the greater Los Angeles metropolitan area. He also chairs the Legislative-Political Committee of the CWA Southern California Council, rep-resenting 27,000 CWA members in Southern California. And he serves as National Co- Chair of the CWA Telecom Ad Hoc Com-mittee, which regularly convenes workplace leaders in the telecommunications industry from the U.S., Canada, and Puerto Rico. 
T is also a leader in the LGBT rights move-
ment, and a powerful voice for the needs of LGBT laborers. From 1998 to 2005, he served as National Co-President of Pride at Work, the AFL–CIO’s LGBT constituency group. In addi-tion, he represented CWA on the Executive Board of The Leadership Conference on Civil 
and Human Rights, and on the Coalition of Labor Union Women’s HIV/AIDS Advisory Board. 
T believes in the need to make Los Ange-
les’ workforce the best it can be. Last year, L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti appointed T to the L.A. Workforce Development Board, where he serves on the Board’s Executive Committee and chairs the Ad Hoc Committee on Expand-ing Apprenticeship Opportunities. 
Finally, T cares deeply about the youth of 
Los Angeles. He is the Founder and an Exec-utive Board Member of the CWA 9003 Chil-dren’s Fund, a non-profit charitable organiza-tion which serves the needs of L.A.’s under-privileged and homeless children. 
The L.A. City Council recently issued a res-
olution honoring T for his 30 years of commu-nity service. That honor was greatly deserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03NO8.010 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1580 November 3, 2015 
In public life and the private sector, T Santora 
has been an Angeleno to admire. As he takes a well-earned retirement, I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting him on a magnificent ca-reer, and to wish him every health and happi-ness. 
f 
HONORING HOSKINS LEARNING 
CENTER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor the Hoskins Learning Center of Batesville, MS. 
Mrs. Lillie L. Hoskins, a woman of favor and 
faith, is a native of Batesville, MS. She has been an educator and Daycare Provider for over 35 years and is currently the owner and 
operator of the Hoskins Learning Center. 
She graduated from South Panola High 
School in 1973 and later obtained a secretarial degree from Northwest Community College. In 2000, she obtained State credentials as an Early Childhood Education Director. 
Mrs. Hoskins was born into a family where 
she was rooted in her faith in Christ. She is the daughter of the late George and Audrey Leland and the youngest girl of eight (8) chil-dren, but even as a young girl she knew, she would someday spend her life working with children. 
Mrs. Hoskins is the mother of two children, 
a daughter-in-law and has two grandchildren. Over the course of forty-two (42) years of mar-riage, Lawrence and Lillie have traveled and touched the lives of many people. 
In 1979, Mrs. Hoskins prayed to God 
through faith and opened the first daycare, Magnolia Kindergarten, which she owned and operated until 2003. In 2003, she expanded her business to include infants and early tod-dlers. At this time she also changed the oper-ating name to Hoskins Learning Center, as it is known today. 
Mrs. Hoskins has touched the community 
and the lives of children in the city of Bates-ville in many ways, by opening her house and heart to train and tutor our children. 
As owner and operator of Hoskins Learning 
Center, her goal has been to serve the chil-dren of Batesville and Panola County, pre-paring them all to be productive and respon-sible adults in a rapidly changing world. Since 1979, the daycare has had a 96% high school graduation rate, including several valedic-torians, salutatorians and honor roll students, one of which went on to play football in the NFL. 
For all of her outstanding accomplishments, 
Mrs. Hoskins is recognized as a trailblazer in Early Childhood Education, in the great State of Mississippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Hoskins Learning Center for their commitment and dedication to the com-munity. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, No-
vember 2, 2015, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative busi-ness. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 582, to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TREVOR G. 
BROWNE HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the staff and students of Trevor G. Browne High School in Phoenix, Arizona, who went above and beyond in supporting my office’s community-wide citizenship fair. 
The largest school in the Phoenix Union 
High School District, Trevor Browne High School currently serves over 3000 students. The school’s mission is to work with families and the community to provide a comprehen-sive education to all students, a commitment they fulfill by offering a variety of learning op-portunities both within and outside of the reg-ular school day calendar. The principal, Dr. Gabe Trujillo, and the teachers work tirelessly to meet each student’s unique needs, and stu-dents’ love of their school is clear in the num-ber of graduates who return as faculty mem-bers. 
Trevor Browne High School did not merely 
provide the space for my office’s citizenship fair—the staff and students went above and beyond to assist those seeking help with their citizenship paperwork. Dr. Trujillo and mem-bers of the school community provided invalu-able support for the event, serving as volun-teers and helping ensure that we could serve as many individuals as possible. Thanks to their hard work, we were able to aid over 150 Arizona residents in navigating the path to U.S. citizenship. 
I truly appreciate the assistance of Dr. Tru-
jillo and everyone from Trevor Browne High School, whose selfless dedication was vital to making our citizenship fair a success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JAMES VERNON 
OF MORTON, ILLINOIS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I commemorate 
the heroic acts of Mr. James Vernon of Mor-ton, Illinois. Mr. Vernon, now 75 years old, put himself between 16 terrified children and a knife-wielding teen determined to cause harm 
at an Illinois public library. 
Mr. Vernon was leading a chess club meet-
ing with local children when the attacker en-tered the library holding a knife in each hand. Vernon, a retired Caterpillar technology worker and Army veteran, averted the attacker’s at-tention away from the children, ages 7 to 13, allowing time for the students to exit the li-brary. Vernon attempted to talk the attacker down before any advances were made. During his discussion with the teen, Vernon used the diversion to deduce that the attacker was right-hand dominant, which would help if he needed to subdue the attacker. 
Despite the efforts of Vernon to calm the 
attacker, the teen once again became aggres-sive. Recalling the Army training he received nearly half a century ago, Vernon blocked one blade with his left hand and threw the attacker onto a table. Mr. Vernon suffered lacerations to his hand as he subdued the attacker before the authorities arrived. 
All children escaped the library without harm 
thanks to Mr. Vernon’s courageous act. I feel it is most appropriate to commend James Vernon today and thank him for his years of service to the community and to this country. 
f 
HONORING UPPER KUTZ BARBER 
& STYLE COLLEGE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable busi-ness, Upper Kutz Barber & Style College. 
Upper Kutz Barber & Style College main-
tains the philosophy that their students come to them for; education, skill development, and career advancement. They believe in equal opportunity for all students, reinforced with training. Placement assistance has helped their students to become enterprising profes-sionals. 
The school has an orderly, purposeful, busi-
nesslike atmosphere which is free from threat of physical harm. The school climate is not op-pressive and is conducive to teaching and learning. The school has an atmosphere of ex-patiation in which the staff believes and dem-onstrates that all students can attain mastery of the essential barber cultural skills and that they have the capability to help all students at-tain that mastery. 
The mission of Upper Kutz Barber & Style 
College is to train men and women: 1. To fa-miliarize and instruct students in the proper and most current methods in all phases of barbering; 2. To make a living in the business world; 3. To become good citizens on both local and national levels; 4. To be able to rec-ognize problems and procedures in business and industry from the view-point of both pro-ducer and consumer; 5. To assist students in suitable job placement; 6. To provide assist-ance and counseling to graduates; 7. To de-velop self-discipline, self-reliance, and self-di-rection and; 8. To enter the national work force as productive individuals. 
Furthermore, the school has at least 1200 
square feet of floor space, composed of two separate areas: The class room and lecture area and the clinical/lab area, where services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03NO8.014 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1581 November 3, 2015 
are practiced on school patrons. The clinical 
area is equipped with at least 10 modern built in-stations, 10 mirrors, 10 hydraulic chairs, 3 sinks, 3 dryer chairs, a dispensing area, and a reception area. This salon environment pre-pares students for professional operation in the career field. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Upper Kutz Barber & Style Col-lege for its dedication to serving and giving back to the community. 
f 
CAMP LOGAN, TEXAS: 1917 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Memorial 
Park is to Houston what Central Park is to New York City. It is our haven in the woods in the heart of Houston, Texas. Many joggers, runners and walkers hit the park’s trail daily to make the three mile loop. I know this park well. In my past life as a criminal court judge, I took to the gravel trail for my daily run, as later did my kids. But what people may not know is the rich history that lies beneath their feet. Much of Memorial Park is located on the grounds of a historical WWI military facility— Camp Logan. 
Camp Logan was an emergency training 
center that was established when the U.S. en-tered WWI. 
After declaring war on Germany, The War 
Department, now known as the Department of Defense, sought out Harris County, Texas for its moderate climate and Houston’s newly opened ship channel. 
These elements made it a prime spot to 
train young American ‘‘doughboys’’ to go ‘‘over there’’ to fight in the Great WWI in Europe. 
Two military installations were built: Camp 
Logan for the Army and Ellington Field for the Army Air Service. The camp provided shelter and training to thousands of soldiers from all over America from1917–1919. 
Set up like many other army camps in the 
United States, Camp Logan’s primary function was turning young American boys into fighting men. 
Tens of thousands of National Guard sol-
diers were trained for duty in France. The sol-diers that trained at Camp Logan entered camp straight out of civilian life and found themselves in intense combat preparation. 
Tear gas and explosives were used to simu-
late the conditions on the front lines. But a new type of warfare was harder for the sol-diers to imagine—trench warfare. The trench-es were bloody, muddy, cruel and under con-stant attack. History shows how brutal and costly the trench war was. 
Even with all the training at Camp Logan, 
soldiers were not fully prepared for life in the trenches. 
To help the soldiers cope with the wounds 
and harsh reality of war, the commission on Training Camp Activities enlisted the help of several nationwide service organizations like the YMCA, Red Cross, American Library As-sociation, Knights of Columbus, Jewish Board of Welfare and others. Through these private organizations the soldiers had entertainment, counseling, religious services, athletic pro-grams and more. The kindness of the local Houston commu-
nity surrounding the camp did a lot to support the men of Camp Logan as well. 
With the thousands of men at Camp Logan, 
the Camp was not without its problems. A conflict by soldiers with local police in 1917 re-sulted in the death of four police officers, three African American soldiers and ten local civil-ians after a riot. 
After the war, the Camp continued to serve 
vital functions. In 1919, it was used as a hos-pital for wounded soldiers coming back from Europe. It also served as a unit of the City of Houston’s health care system until 1923. After that, the Camp remained deserted until 1942. 
Catherine Mary Emmott wrote to the Hous-
ton Chronicle advising the city to ‘‘buy some of the land and turn it into a park in memory of the boys.’’ Her efforts led the way in turning the land into a park. Thus Memorial Park—a memorial to the ones who were trained in Texas to fight in Europe. 
Emmott’s efforts did not fall upon deaf ears. 
William C. Hogg, son of Texas Governor Jim Hogg, bought two tracts of the former Camp Logan site and sold it to the City of Houston. That May, the City of Houston officially estab-lished a park in remembrance of the WWI sol-diers who trained there. 
Today, Memorial Park includes a golf 
course, bike paths, tennis courts, baseball fields and a nature center. It is an attraction for runners, walkers and joggers of all ages. The grounds are now a training area for ath-letes rather than a training area for soldiers. 
It is estimated that almost 1,000 Camp 
Logan soldiers gave their lives during the Great WWI and over 6,200 were wounded. 
The Logan soldiers served with distinction in 
combat in the forest and trenches of Europe. Seventy-five of the African American soldiers trained at Camp Logan from the 370th Infantry were awarded the French Croix de Guerre and 12 received the U.S. Army’s Distinguished Service Crosses for their acts of valor. 
Memorial Park, as it is appropriately named, 
has begun a project to commemorate the doughboys who trained at Camp Logan by planting trees in their honor. 
The series of trees will be lined up like col-
umns of soldiers in an area called ‘‘Memorial Groves.’’ This section of the park contains the highest number of Camp Logan remnants, ar-tifacts and WWI memorabilia. 
It is vital that communities know their his-
tory. 
The work being done for ‘‘Memorial Groves’’ 
at the park is an appropriate way to see that history and honor the memory of Camp Logan and the young warriors it produced. 
Texas has had a long history of supporting 
and uplifting America’s military. The history of Camp Logan is our own. Camp Logan should be remembered just as it is—a memorial for the soldiers who trained on Texas soil before they fought on foreign soil 100 years ago. 
Of the Logan soldiers, some served and re-
turned, some served and returned with the wounds of war and some served and did not return. Memorial Park is a memorial for them all. As we approach November 11th—Armi-stice Day, now Veterans Day—the end of WWI, it is with deep gratitude that we honor the men of Camp Logan, Texas. 
And that’s just the way it is. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
Number 582 on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1853, to direct the Presi-dent to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL), and for other purposes, I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my daughter. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
HONORING DAMIAN MURRIEL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Mr. Damian Murriel. 
It sounds strange, but owning and operating 
a funeral home has been a childhood dream for Mr. Damian Murriel—at least it has been ever since he started working in the business. 
Damian Murriel began his first job in a fu-
neral home at the age of 16. Then a sopho-more in high school, Damian Murriel per-formed various custodial services at Cook’s Funeral Home. When he graduated from For-est Hill High School in 1994 he left for Gupton-Jones School of Mortuary Science. Two years later after he completed his school-ing and became a licensed funeral director and embalmer, he began traveling, doing in-ternships and apprenticeships in other states, including brief stints in Illinois and Indiana. In 2000 he left for a job as funeral director of Gregory B. Levett and Sons Funeral Home in Atlanta, Georgia, where the wake for TLC’s Lisa ‘‘Left Eye’’ Lopes was held. 
On April 17, 2003 Damian Murriel’s life-long 
dream to own and operate a funeral home be-came a reality. ‘‘I never lost sight of what I was pursuing.’’ Damian Murriel said ‘‘I want to clean up the area and enhance the community with the funeral home.’’ Murriel said. Murriel’s motto is: ‘‘Serving Families in Their Time of Need.’’ He is a member of the Mississippi Fu-neral Directors and Morticians Association. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mr. Damian Murriel. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE JOLIET REGION 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY’S 2015 CELEBRATION OF SUCCESS HONOREES 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the honorees of the Joliet Region Chamber of Commerce and Industry’s 2015 Celebration of Success. 
Every year, the Joliet Region Chamber of 
Commerce and Industry honors businesses, non-profit organizations, and individuals who have made an impact in our community. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03NO8.019 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1582 November 3, 2015 
year, the Chamber is recognizing Joseph 
Adler and Robert Stephen with Lifetime Achievement Awards for their contributions to our community through Habitat for Humanity. Mr. Adler and Mr. Stephen have built 58 homes for families in the Joliet area and have made a lasting impact through their volunteer work. 
Additionally, the Chamber will be recog-
nizing CARCARE Collision Centers, Advanced Family Dental & Orthodontics, Newsome Home Health Care Agency, Providence Bank, David Nelson Exquisite Jewelry, and Breast Intentions of Illinois. 
I would like to congratulate the honorees of 
the Joliet Region Chamber of Commerce and Industry’s 2015 Celebration of Success and thank the Chamber for recognizing success in our community. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO BARBARA R. 
ARNWINE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great honor that I rise to pay tribute to a dedi-cated champion and pivotal civil and human rights leader, Barbara R. Arnwine. 
On this important Election Day, where mil-
lions of Americans exercise their fundamental right to vote, it is exceptionally meaningful to applaud this remarkable hero. 
Barbara Arnwine has dedicated her life to 
making our world a better place, and because of her lifetime of achievements and victories, our history will be forever marked with con-firmation that we have and continue to ad-vance to a better place. 
Throughout her 25 years of service as the 
Executive Director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, and nearly 10 years of prior service at the Boston Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and legal aid to the public of North Carolina, we have all benefited from her tireless advocacy and fight for justice. 
From the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 
1991, the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act in 2006, the development and expansion of Election Protection from 2004 through 2008, and steadfastly giving voice to those disenfranchised for criminal convictions and discriminatory practices nationwide, Barbara Arnwine has never backed down but continues to this day to lay the foundation for freedom and justice for every citizen. 
Not only in the critically important area of 
voting rights, Barbara Arnwine has left a beau-tiful and exemplary footprint on all necessary aspects of social justice, including community development, housing and lending, employ-ment law, women’s and immigration rights, criminal justice reform, racial profiling, affirma-tive action, healthcare, LGBTQ rights, environ-mental justice, and breaking down inter-national barriers of racial oppression, discrimi-nation and xenophobia in Africa and Asia. 
Barbara Arnwine is not only a phenomenal 
woman, she is a worldly warrior. 
It is with great pleasure that I thank Barbara 
Arnwine for her service to the cause of justice and wish her well as she embarks on her new journey in the continuing struggle for social justice and equal opportunity for all persons. HONORING PASTOR LINDA 
SWEEZER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a driven and ambi-tious woman, Pastor Linda Sweezer. Pastor Sweezer has shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to make a positive difference in doing God’s will and spreading his Word. 
Linda Sweezer was born the youngest child 
in a family of ten to Bessie Dillard and the late Alfred Dillard, Jr. in Vicksburg, Mississippi. She was saved at the tender age of ten. 
She is a 1978 graduate of Vicksburg High 
School and attended and graduated from Milsaps College, Jackson, MS in 1982. She worked at Vicksburg Family Development Service for 19 years—fourteen of those years as the Co-Director. 
She was called into the Gospel Ministry on 
February 5, 1995, ordained in 1997 and again in 2006 by Bishop T.D. Jakes of Dallas, Texas at The Potter’s House International. She was called to pastor and founded The House of Peace Worship Church in December 2001. It is known as: ‘‘The Church Where the Holy Spirit is in Charge.’’ In May 2006, the Holy Spirit led Pastor Sweezer to begin another church in the Rolling Fork area; it is known as The House of Peace Worship Church Inter-national/Delta. 
Apostle Linda Sweezer is also a playwright 
and has written, produced and directed fifteen major productions, which were performed in the theater in the surrounding areas of Vicks-burg, Rolling Fork and Fayette, Mississippi and Texarkana, TX. 
She is the author of a book entitled, ‘‘Eating 
Along the Way!—A Survivor’s Guide for Peo-ple Who Are Serious About Hearing God’s Call.’’ In addition, she was the co-owner of a Christian bookstore. 
She was affirmed into the Apostolic calling 
on July 29th, 2011. The Affirmation Ceremony was conducted by Apostle Michael O. Exum, Executive Director of The Potter’s House Inter-national Pastoral Alliance and Apostle Eyvone Smith of His Harvest Ministries, Oxford, Mis-sissippi. 
Some other achievements include: ap-
pointed Board Member of the United Way of West Central Mississippi (2011–2014); Direc-tor of The House of Peace Substance Abuse Prevention Program; appointed for a second term to the Election Commission (2009–2012); appointed to the Election Commission (2005– 2009); appointed twice to the City of Vicksburg Civil Service Commission. Pastor Sweezer was honored as a Local Recipient of 100 Black Women; recognized as a Distinguished African American by St. Mark Freewill Baptist Church; nominated as one of the 50 Leading Business Women of America. 
Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. named a 
scholarship in Pastor Linda Sweezer’s name at the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Breakfast and she was appointed to the Vicksburg-War-ren School District Advisory Council to de-velop plans for building Mega Schools. She also has received several awards and recogni-tions. She was selected by the Ivyettes of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. as one of the Religious Role Models; Outstanding Young 
Women of America; Woman of Excellence Award in Art and Literature; Sower of the Lord Award and Peacemaker Award given by the Flying High for Jesus Outreach. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Pastor Linda Sweezer for her passion and dedication to spread the word of God and desire to make a difference in the lives of others. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,981,685,747.52. We’ve 
added $7,526,104,636,834.44 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF ROLLS- 
ROYCE’S CENTENNIAL ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to Rolls-Royce Indian-apolis in celebration of its 100th anniversary. The company has made significant contribu-tions to the city of Indianapolis, but its accom-plishments can be seen globally. It is my privi-lege to honor this strong Hoosier company as it celebrates 100 years of excellence. 
The company’s Indiana roots took hold in 
1915, when Indianapolis businessman James Allison founded his engine shop. Within the first years of business, Allison entered the rap-idly growing aerospace industry and began collaborating with Rolls-Royce on several aerospace ventures. After decades of collabo-ration and partnership, Rolls-Royce purchased what had been the Allison Engine Company in 1995, and has been serving the aerospace and marine industries with innovative, cus-tomer-focused products ever since. This anni-versary is especially historical for Rolls-Royce as it not only marks 100 years of operations in Indianapolis, but it also marks 20 years since the company purchased the enterprise which Allison created. 
Today, Rolls-Royce is a trusted leader for 
land, sea, and air power solutions worldwide with a significant and growing presence. The Rolls-Royce facility in Indianapolis is home to the largest Rolls-Royce manufacturing location in North America and is one of the largest em-ployers in Indianapolis. Rolls-Royce employs the best and the brightest engineers who are committed to maintaining Rolls-Royce’s long- standing reputation of excellence. The com-pany has 4,600 employees who contribute to designing and producing engines for a wide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03NO8.023 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1583 November 3, 2015 
range of military and commercial aircraft as 
well as marine propulsion systems. More Rolls-Royce products are built in Indianapolis than anywhere else in the world. Many innova-tive and legendary aircraft are powered by en-gines built in the Indianapolis facility, such as the P–51 and P–38 aircrafts flown in World War II. Current examples include the F–35B Lightning II, C–130J Super Hercules, V–22 Osprey, and Global Hawk and Triton UAVs, which are used to power Department of De-fense aircraft, civil helicopters, regional and 
business jets, and power systems for U.S. Naval vessels. In addition to all of Rolls-Royce’s achieve-
ments in the manufacturing world, they also have a commitment to Indiana. The company recently announced Rolls-Royce will invest in the Purdue Research Park Aerospace District in West Lafayette, Indiana. Rolls-Royce is the first company to announce it will move into the research park. Additionally, the company re-cently announced exciting news that it is mak-ing a nearly $600 million investment to mod-ernize manufacturing operations in Indianap-olis and conduct technology research. It is the 
largest investment by the company in Indian-apolis since its original purchase here in 1995. This investment contributes to the company’s 
commitment to Indiana for many decades to come. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana’s Fifth 
Congressional District, I would like to con-gratulate Rolls-Royce on the celebration its centennial anniversary. I am proud to rep-resent a city that is home to exemplary busi-nesses such as this one. I wish Rolls-Royce all the best as it embarks on its next 100 years of excellence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03NO8.027 E03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1167 Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7677–S7731. 
Measures Introduced: Eight bills and three resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2226–2233, and S. Res. 302–304.
                                                       Page S7720 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, 
to establish entities tasked with improving program 
and project management in certain Federal agencies, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–162) 
Report to accompany S. 1082, to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs based on performance or misconduct. (S. Rept. No. 114–163) 
S. 2138, to amend the Small Business Act to im-
prove the review and acceptance of subcontracting plans, with amendments.
                                       Page S7722 
Measures Passed: 
Small Business Saturday: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 304, recognizing November 28, 2015, as ‘‘Small Business Saturday’’ and supporting efforts to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses.
                                                         Page S7728 
Measures Considered: 
Federal Water Quality Protection Act: Senate re-
sumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to propose a regulation re-vising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’.
                                                Pages S7679–7697 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 57 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 295), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to 
consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S7697 
Subsequently, the motion to proceed to consider-
ation of the bill, was withdrawn.                       Page S7697 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act— Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to 
proceed to consideration of H.R. 2685, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
                                                                             Pages S7697–S7703 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Thursday, November 5, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S7697 
Waters of the United States—Agreement: By 55 
yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 296), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of S.J. Res. 22, providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act.
                             Page S7703 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the joint resolu-tion at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, No-vember 4, 2015, with the time until 12 noon equal-ly divided in the usual form; and that at 12 noon, Senate vote on passage of the joint resolution. 
                                                                                            Page S7728 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the notification of 
the President’s intent to terminate the designation of the Republic of Burundi as a beneficiary sub-Saharan 
African country under the African Growth and Op-portunity Act (AGOA), received during adjournment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1168 November 3, 2015 
of the Senate on October 30, 2015; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. (PM–31) 
                                                                                            Page S7718 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7719 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7719 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S7719 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7719–20 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S7720–21 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7722–25 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7725–26 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7716–18 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7726–28 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7728 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7728 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—296)                                                  Pages S7697, S7703 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:18 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, 
November 4, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7731.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FUTURE OF WARFARE 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the future of warfare, after re-ceiving testimony from General Keith B. Alexander, USA (Ret.), former Commander, United States Cyber Command, former Director, National Security Agency; Bryan Clark, Center for Strategic and Budg-etary Assessments; Paul Scharre, Center for a New American Security 20YY Future of Warfare Initia-tive; and Peter W. Singer, New America. NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Uganda, Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Swaziland, and H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
UKRAINE 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope and Regional Security Cooperation concluded a hearing to examine Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the propaganda in Europe, after receiving testimony from Benjamin Ziff, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs; Leon Aron, American Enterprise Institute, Maksymilian Czuperski, The Atlantic Council, and Heather A. Conley, Center for Strategic and International Stud-ies Europe Program, all of Washington, D.C.; and Peter Pomerantsev, Legatum Institute, London, United Kingdom. 
DATA BROKERS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Privacy, 
Technology and the Law concluded a hearing to ex-amine data brokers, focusing on whether consumers’ information is secure, after receiving testimony from Justin Harvey, Fidelis Cybersecurity, Bethesda, Maryland; Pam Dixon, World Privacy Forum, San Diego, California; and Frank Caserta, Acxiom Cor-poration, Little Rock, Arkansas. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 39 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3879–3917; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 510–511, and 513, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H7622–24 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7625–26 Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 512, providing for further consideration 
of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1169 November 3, 2015 
the employers to which the employer mandate ap-
plies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (H. Rept. 114–326).
                           Page H7622 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Kelly to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H7393 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:47 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H7398 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Monday, November 2nd: 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representa-
tives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe: H. Res. 354, amended, ex-
pressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish commu-nities in Europe, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 418 
yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 585. 
                                                                                            Page H7412 
Hire More Heroes Act of 2015: The House began 
consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, November 4th.
                          Pages H7412–H7621 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
part A of H. Rept. 114–325 is adopted and the Sen-ate amendment, as amended, shall be considered as read. Further, the amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 shall be consid-ered as pending, shall be considered as read, shall not be debatable, and shall not be subject to amend-ment except those printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–325.
                                                        Pages H7418, H7517 
Agreed to: 
Shuster amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that makes technical and con-forming changes to Rules Committee Print 114–32; 
                                                                                            Page H7579 
Walden amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that clarifies that projects within National Scenic Areas, and projects to increase capac-ity of highway segments to improve mobility, and are eligible for federal funding under Nationally Sig-nificant Freight and Highway Projects; 
                                                                                    Pages H7580–81 Babin amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–325) that designates the Central Texas Corridor as the future Interstate Route I–14; 
                                                                                            Page H7582 
Massie amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–325) that allows the GSA to construct, install, and operate electric car charging stations on federal properties for use by employees; the construc-tion, installation, and operation will be funded solely through user fees, so taxpayers will incur no cost; 
                                                                                    Pages H7582–84 
Fleischmann amendment (No. 8 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that reports language encour-
aging the use of geosynthetic materials and other in-novative technologies;
                                             Page H7584 
Gibbs amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–325) that requires the Secretary of Trans-portation to study the methods State’s use to procure culvert and storm sewer materials, and report their findings to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee;
                                                           Pages H7584–85 
Gibson amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that directs the Secretary of Transportation to develop a comprehensive strategy, within 1 year, to address ‘‘structurally deficient’’ and ‘‘functionally obsolete’’ bridges, as defined by the National Bridge Inventory, and to identify the unique challenges and policy solutions with regards to these respective categories;
                             Page H7585 
Hanna amendment (No. 12 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that adds a Sense of Congress that the engineering industry provides critical tech-nical expertise, innovation, and local expertise to fed-eral and state agencies to efficiently deliver surface transportation projects and urges the Secretary to re-inforce these partnerships;
                                     Page H7586 
DeSaulnier amendment (No. 16 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that directs the U.S. Depart-ment of Transportation to study methods of inventorying roadside highway safety hardware de-vices (i.e. guardrails) for the purpose of improving in-service evaluation of these devices;
             Page H7592 
Scott (VA) amendment (No. 17 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that includes a sense of Con-gress that the Department of Transportation should utilize modeling and simulation technology to ana-lyze federally funded highway and public transit projects to ensure that these projects will increase transportation capacity and safety, alleviate conges-tion, reduce travel time and environmental impact, and are as cost effective as practicable;
   Pages H7592–93 
Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX) amendment (No. 18 
printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–325) that strikes the Department of Transportation’s authority to re-distribute unallocated TIFIA funds;
                Page H7593 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1170 November 3, 2015 
Sewell (AL) amendment (No. 20 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–325) that seeks a public safety report to be provided to the House and Senate Transportation Committees on the security of loca-tions intended to encourage public use of alternative transportation as well as personal transportation such as carpool parking lots, mass transit parking; local, state, and regional rail station parking, college or university parking, bike paths or walking trails and other locations the Secretary deems would be appro-priate;
                                                                      Pages H7594–95 
Sewell (AL) amendment (No. 21 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–325) that provides a report on the Internet of Things (IoT) and its potential to im-prove transportation services to the elderly and per-sons with disabilities as well as assist local, state and federal transportation planners in achieving better inefficiencies and cost effectiveness, while protecting privacy and security of persons who use IoT tech-nology;
                                                                    Pages H7595–97 
Kirkpatrick amendment (No. 23 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that increases safety by allow-ing additional states that have passed distracted driv-ing legislation to qualify for incentive grant funding; 
                                                                                    Pages H7597–98 
Duncan (TN) amendment (No. 26 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–325) that requires the Depart-ment of Transportation to conduct a study on the safety of operations of a double-decker motorcoach equipped with a luggage carrier at the rear of the vehicle;
                                                                            Page H7599 
Comstock amendment (No. 27 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that clarifies the restrictions placed on institutions applying for UTC grants, and broadens the paragraph on Focused Research for re-gional UTCs; directs the Secretary of Transportation to develop a 5-Year Transportation R&D Strategic Plan for FY 18 through FY 22; authorizes the As-sistant Secretary for Research and Technology to conduct a traffic congestion study; authorizes the As-sistant Secretary to submit a rail safety study to Congress;
                                                         Pages H7599–H7601 
Barletta amendment (No. 28 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that requires all legacy tank cars retrofit for continued Class 3 Flammable Liquid service to include enhanced top fittings protections for pressure relief valves;
                                Pages H7601–02 
Lynch amendment (No. 29 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that provides for an additional, independent safety review of an approved pipeline route or segment of route, should a state or tribal government deem it necessary;
                   Pages H7602–03 
Costello amendment (No. 33 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that allows otherwise eligible Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects, which do not meet the minimum $100,000,000 threshold, to qualify for the specific 
reserved amount as provided in the legislation for such projects that fail to reach that threshold; 
                                                                                            Page H7606 
Edwards amendment (No. 35 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that seeks to improve highway designs to better manage storm water by moving up in the planning process from the end so that thought goes into how best to plan design, and con-struct project effectively while also reducing costs; 
                                                                                    Pages H7607–08 
Calvert amendment (No. 36 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that increases the limit on 10 local governments with whom the State can exercise its authority to eliminate duplicative reviews to 25; 
                                                                                            Page H7608 
Brown (FL) amendment (No. 15 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–325) that creates a National Ad-visory Committee on Travel and Tourism Infrastruc-ture which will advise the Secretary of Transpor-tation on infrastructure needs related to the use of the nation’s intermodal transportation network to fa-cilitate travel and tourism (by a recorded vote of 216 ayes to 207 noes, Roll No. 589);
              Pages H7610–11 
Farenthold amendment (No. 38 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that allows for only certain trucks with current weight exemptions to be allowed to continue riding at those higher weight exemp-tions once certain segments of Texas State Highways are converted into Interstate 69;
                        Page H7615 
Beyer amendment (No. 42 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–325) that removes a federal preemption and restore the full right to regulate towing to states and localities;
                                                       Pages H7618–19 
DelBene amendment (No. 44 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that requires a report on the Frontline Workforce Development Program for each fiscal year; the report would include an evaluation of the program and policy recommendations to improve program effectiveness; and
                            Pages H7619–20 
Napolitano amendment (No. 45 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that changes the degradation standard of an HOV lane from maintaining an aver-age operating speed above 45 mph over a consecu-tive 180 day period during peak hours from 90 per-cent of the time to 50 percent of the time. 
                                                                                    Pages H7620–21 
Rejected: Guinta amendment (No. 11 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to require the Gov-ernment Accountability Office (GAO) to conduct a study to understand the purchasing power of a fed-eral highway dollar and quantifying the things that weaken it, such as labor and environmental regula-tions and other inefficiencies that cause delays and drive up the cost of projects;
                       Pages H7585–86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1171 November 3, 2015 
Mullin amendment (No. 13 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to allow bridge work to be done despite the presence of swallows if the bridge has a condition rating of 3 or less until a rulemaking has occurred, requires notification to the Secretary of Interior, and directs the Sec. of Inte-rior to promulgate a rulemaking to allow for bridge work under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (MBTA); 
                                                                                    Pages H7586–87 
Welch amendment (No. 19 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to strike Section 3010 of division A, which would lower the current federal share of bicycle facility projects from 95 and 90 percent to 80 percent;
                              Pages H7593–94 
Blumenauer amendment (No. 22 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to increase the number of states eligible for funding through the nonmotorized National Priority Safety Program, and double the funding for that program;
            Page H7597 
Swalwell (CA) amendment (No. 2 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to expand the 
eligibility of the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement (CMAQ) program to include innovative shared use mobility projects that can re-duce congestion and improve air quality; expand as-sociated transit improvements to include those shared-use projects that directly enhance transit (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 586);
                                                                         Pages H7608–09 
Gosar amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–325) that sought to require the federal government to track the total number, cost, and time required for each environmental review of transportation projects when reporting the status of these projects to the public (by a recorded vote of 196 ayes to 225 noes, Roll No. 587);
    Pages H7609–10 
Ribble amendment (No. 14 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to give states the option of increasing the truck weight limits on their Interstate Highways from 80,000 pounds to 91,000 pounds if the trucks are equipped with an additional sixth axle; would not impact existing exemptions al-ready enacted under the law (by a recorded vote of 187 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 588);
            Page H7610 
Lynch amendment (No. 29 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to provide for an ad-ditional, independent safety review of an approved pipeline route or segment of route, should a state or tribal government deem it necessary (by a recorded vote of 160 ayes to 263 noes, Roll No. 590); 
                                                                                    Pages H7611–12 
Takano amendment (No. 31 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to allow for a pro-gram of eligible projects to count as a single project to meet the $100,000,000 threshold of project costs (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 248 noes, Roll 
No. 591);
                                                                       Page H7612 
Brownley (CA) amendment (No. 32 printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to increase the freight program small project set aside from 10 percent to 20 percent (by a recorded vote of 160 ayes to 263 noes, Roll No. 592); and
     Pages H7612–13 
Radewagen amendment (No. 34 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that sought to require the sec-retary to allocate program funds made available to the territories according to quantifiable measures that are indicative of the surface transportation re-quirements of each of the territories (by a recorded vote of 113 ayes to 310 noes, Roll No. 593). 
                                                                                    Pages H7613–14 
Withdrawn: Rice (NY) amendment (No. 24 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have required states to strengthen graduated driver’s licensing require-ments to be eligible for State Graduated Driver Li-censing Incentive Grants;
                              Pages H7598–99 
Lewis amendment (No. 30 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–325) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have struck Section 339(b) of the National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 and make construction of Type II noise bar-riers eligible for funds from the surface transpor-tation block grant programs; and
             Pages H7603–04 
Mica amendment (No. 43 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–325) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have required that a state may not prohibit the operation of an automobile transporter with a gross weight of 84,000 pounds or less on any segment of the Interstate System or qualified Federal aid primary highways designated by the Secretary; allow the chief executive officer of a State, after consultation with units of local govern-ment, to request an exemption from the Secretary if it is determined that an interstate segment is not ca-pable of safely accommodating such commercial motor vehicles.
                                                    Pages H7619–20 
Proceedings Postponed: Hartzler amendment (No. 37 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325), as modified, that seeks to repeal the authority of the Secretary of Transportation to approve as part of the construction of federal-aid highways the costs of landscape and roadside devel-opment;
                                                                  Pages H7614–15 
Rooney (FL) amendment (No. 39 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–325) that seeks to provide that a state may allow, by special permit, the operation of vehicles with a gross vehicle weight of up to 95,000 pounds for the hauling of livestock; the cost of a special permit may not exceed $200 per year for a livestock trailer;
                                              Pages H7615–16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1172 November 3, 2015 
Rothfus amendment (No. 40 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–325) that seeks to exempt projects to reconstruct any road, highway, railway, bridge, or transit facility that is damaged by an emergency de-clared by the Governor of the State and concurred in by the Secretary of Homeland Security from any environmental reviews, approvals, licensing, and per-mit restrictions if reconstruction takes place in the same location and using the same design, capacity, and dimensions as before the emergency; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7616–17 
DeSaulnier amendment (No. 41 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–325) that seeks to establish a peer review group and a comprehensive risk management plan to prevent cost overruns and project delays for transportation mega projects exceeding $2,500,000,000.
                                                 Pages H7617–18 
H. Res. 507, amended, the rule providing for con-
sideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 248 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 584, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 178 nays, Roll No. 583.
      Pages H7410–12 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:20 p.m. and recon-
vened at 11:23 p.m.                                                  Page H7621 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and eight recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H7410–11, H7411–12, H7412, H7608–09, H7609–10, H7610, H7610–11, H7611–12, H7612, H7612–13, and H7613–14. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 11:24 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
AIRCRAFT CARRIER—PRESENCE AND 
SURGE LIMITATIONS. EXPANDING POWER PROJECTION OPTIONS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Aircraft Carrier—Presence and Surge Limitations. Expanding Power Projection Options’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral John C. Aquilino, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, Operations, Plans and Strategy (N3/N5), U.S. Navy; Sean J. Stackley, As-sistant Secretary of the Navy, Research, Develop-ment, and Acquisition; Rear Admiral Michael C. Manazir, USN, Director, Air Warfare (OPNAV N98); and Rear Admiral Thomas J. Moore, USN, Program Executive Officer, Aircraft Carriers. FUTURE OPTIONS FOR THE U.S. NUCLEAR 
DETERRENT—VIEWS FROM PROJECT ATOM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Future Options for the U.S. Nuclear Deterrent—Views from Project Atom’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING THE EU SAFE HARBOR 
DECISION AND IMPACTS FOR TRANSATLANTIC DATA FLOWS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade; and Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the EU 
Safe Harbor Decision and Impacts for Transatlantic Data Flows’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
EXAMINING LEGISLATION TO IMPROVE 
MEDICARE AND MEDICAID 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legisla-tion to Improve Medicare and Medicaid’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Jenkins; Katharine Iritani, Director, Health Care Team, Government Accountability Office; and Anne Schwartz, Executive Director, Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a markup on H. J. Res. 71, providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency re-lating to ’Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Recon-structed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Gener-ating Units’; and H.J. Res. 72, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ’Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’. H.J. Res. 71 and H.J. Res. 72 were both forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health began a markup on H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Com-mon Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2446, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require the use of electronic visit verification for personal care services furnished under the Medicaid program; H.R. 2646, the ‘‘Helping Families in Men-tal Health Crisis Act’’; H.R. 3014, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act’’; H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1173 November 3, 2015 
3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; 
H.R. 3716, the ‘‘Ensuring Terminated Providers Are Removed from Medicaid and CHIP Act’’; and H.R. 3821, the ‘‘Medicaid Directory of Caregivers Act’’. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began 
a markup on H.R. 1309, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Des-ignation Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1478, the ‘‘Policyholder Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1550, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Improve-ment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1660, the ‘‘Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2209, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes; H.R. 3340, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Re-form Act’’; H.R. 3557, the ‘‘FSOC Transparency and Accountability Act’’; H.R. 3738, the ‘‘Office of Fi-nancial Research Accountability Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Small Business Credit Availability Act’’; H.R. 3857, to require the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System and the Financial Stability Over-sight Council to carry out certain requirements under the Financial Stability Act of 2010 before making any new determination under section 113 of such Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 1660 was or-dered reported, without amendment. 
DEFENDING AGAINST BIOTERRORISM: 
HOW VULNERABLE IS AMERICA? 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Defending Against Bioterrorism: How Vulnerable is America?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 3438, the ‘‘Require Evaluation before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2631, the ‘‘Regulatory Predict-ability for Business Growth Act of 2015’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
INTERNATIONAL DATA FLOWS: 
PROMOTING DIGITAL TRADE IN THE 21ST CENTURY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, 
Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘International Data Flows: Promoting Dig-ital Trade in the 21st Century’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
TSA: SECURITY GAPS 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘TSA: Security Gaps’’. Testimony was heard from Peter Neffenger, 
Administrator, Transportation Security Administra-tion, Department of Homeland Security; John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and Jennifer Grover, Director, Homeland Secu-rity and Justice, Government Accountability Office. 
PREPARING FOR THE 2020 CENSUS: WILL 
THE TECHNOLOGY BE READY? 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Information Technology, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Preparing for the 2020 Census: Will the Technology Be Ready?’’. Testimony was heard from John H. Thompson, Director, Census Bureau; Steven I. Cooper, Chief Information Officer, Department of Commerce; Carol R. Cha, Director, Information Technology Acquisition Management Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Rob-ert Goldenkoff, Director, Strategic Issues, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
SENATE AMENDMENTS TO THE HIRE MORE 
HEROES ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
Senate amendments to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Hire More He-roes Act of 2015’’ [DRIVE Act] [Amendment con-sideration]. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for further consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 22 under a structured rule. In section 2, the rule makes in order only the further amendments to the amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 printed in part A of the Rules Committee report and amendments en bloc. Each further amendment print-ed in part A of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be with-drawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule provides that it shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part A of the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided 
and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the further amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1174 November 3, 2015 
printed in part A of the report and amendments of-
fered en bloc. In section 3, the rule makes in order only those further amendments to the Senate amend-ment, as amended, printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such further amendment shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the further amendments printed in part B of the report. In section 4, the rule provides that if the Committee of the Whole reports the Senate amendment, as amended, back to the House with multiple amendments, the question of their adoption shall be put to the House en gros and without division of the question. The rule provides that if the Committee of the Whole reports the Sen-ate amendment, as amended, back to the House without further amendment or the question of adop-tion of amendments en gros fails, no further consid-eration of the Senate amendments shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. In section 5, the rule provides that the Chair may postpone further consideration of the Senate amend-ments in the House to such time as may be des-ignated by the Speaker. 
In section 6, the rule provides that upon adoption 
of the further amendment or amendments in the House: (1) a motion that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the text, as amended, with such further amendment or amendments shall be considered as adopted; (2) the Clerk shall engross the action of the House as a single amendment in the nature of a substitute; (3) a motion that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the title shall be considered as adopted; and (4) it shall be in order for the chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or his designee to move that the House insist on its amendment to the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 22 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. Finally, in section 7, the rule pro-vides that the chair of the Committee on Armed Services may insert in the Congressional Record not later than November 16, 2015, such material as he may deem explanatory of defense authorization meas-ures for the fiscal year 2016. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman McCaul, and Representatives Farenthold, Lipinski, Denham, Garamendi, Rodney Davis of Illinois, Ashford, Polis, Maxine Waters of California, Clawson of Florida, Blumenauer, Pascrell, Schakowsky, Mulvaney, Renacci, Palmer, Moulton, Rothfus, Sablan, Russell, 
Schweikert, Yoho, Young of Iowa, and Zinke. 
THE RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD: A TEN 
YEAR REVIEW OF COSTS AND BENEFITS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Re-newable Fuel Standard: A Ten Year Review of Costs and Benefits’’. Testimony was heard from Terry Dinan, Senior Advisor, Congressional Budget Office; and public witnesses. 
EXAMINING VA’S INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS THAT PROVIDE ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES FOR VETERANS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining VA’s Information Technology Systems that Provide Economic Opportunities for Veterans’’. Tes-timony was heard from Curtis L. Coy, Deputy Under Secretary for Economic Opportunity, Veterans Bene-fits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
BETTER COORDINATING WELFARE 
PROGRAMS TO SERVE FAMILIES IN NEED 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Human Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Better Coordinating Welfare Programs to Serve Families in Need’’. Testimony was heard from Nick Lyon, Di-rector, Michigan Department of Health and Human Services; and public witnesses. 
STATUS OF THE CONSUMER OPERATED 
AND ORIENTED PLAN (CO–OP) PROGRAM, ESTABLISHED UNDER THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing on the status of the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) Program, es-tablished under the President’s health care law. Tes-timony was heard from Mandy Cohen, Chief Oper-ating Officer and Chief of Staff, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1131 ) 
H.R. 3819, to provide an extension of Federal-aid 
highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, tran-sit, and other programs funded out of the Highway 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1175 November 3, 2015 
Trust Fund. Signed on October 29, 2015. (Public 
Law 114–73) 
H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-ex-empt status of certain organizations. Signed on No-vember 2, 2015. (Public Law 114–74) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 4, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine re-
forming the Federal budget process, focusing on a bien-nial approach to better budgeting, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine how gagging honest reviews harms consumers and the economy, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine United States policy in North Africa, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the value of education choices for low-income families, focusing on reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Associate Attorney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal 
Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine the American victims of Iranian and Palestinian ter-rorism, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘American Agriculture and Our National Security’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, markup on H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Common Sense Nu-trition Disclosure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2446, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require the use of electronic visit verification for personal care services furnished under the Medicaid program; H.R. 2646, the ‘‘Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’; H.R. 3014, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3716, the ‘‘Ensuring Terminated Providers Are Removed from Medicaid and CHIP Act’’; and H.R. 3821, the ‘‘Medicaid Directory of Caregivers Act’’ (con-tinued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 1309, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improve-ment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1478, the ‘‘Policyholder Protec-tion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1550, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2209, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid 
assets, and for other purposes; H.R. 3340, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Reform Act’’; H.R. 3557, the 
‘‘FSOC Transparency and Accountability Act’’; H.R. 3738, the ‘‘Office of Financial Research Accountability Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Small Business Credit Availability Act’’; H.R. 3857, to require the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Financial Stability Oversight Council to carry out certain requirements under the Financial Stability Act of 2010 before making any new determination under section 113 of such Act, and for other purposes; and hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-An-nual Testimony on the Federal Reserve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Financial System’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy after Russia’s Escalation in Syria’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Demanding Accountability: Evaluating the 2015 ‘Trafficking in Persons Report’ ’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging 
Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Challenge to Europe: The Growing Refugee Crisis’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-
der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘A New Ap-proach to Increase Trade and Security: An Examination of CBP’s Public Private Partnerships’’, 10 a.m., 311 Can-non. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2285, the ‘‘Prevent 
Trafficking in Cultural Property Act’’; H.R. 2795, the ‘‘First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations Act’’; H.R. 3842, the ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3859, the ‘‘HSA Technical Correc-tions Act’’; H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3869, the ‘‘State and Local Cyber Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3878, the ‘‘Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing on H.R. 1815, the ‘‘Eastern Nevada Im-plementation Improvement Act’’; and H.R. 3342, to pro-vide for the stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-
ing on H.R. 3843, the ‘‘Locatable Minerals Claim Loca-tion and Maintenance Fees Act of 2015; and H.R. 3844, the ‘‘Energy and Minerals Reclamation Foundation Estab-lishment Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing on H.R. 2009, the ‘‘Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2719, the ‘‘Tribal Coastal Resiliency Act’’; and H.R. 3079, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1176 November 3, 2015 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Information Technology Reform Act’s (FITARA) Role in Reducing IT Acquisition Risk, Part II—Measuring Agencies’ FITARA Implementation’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations; and Subcommittee on Con-tracting and Workforce of the House Committee on Small Business, joint hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of Continued Challenges in VA’s Vets First Verification Process’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-
sight, hearing on presidential authority to waive anti-ter-ror provisions in the tax code with respect to Iran, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
ensuring success for the Social Security Disability Insur-ance program and its beneficiaries, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of November 4 through November 6, 
2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Wednesday , at approximately 10 a.m., Senate 
will continue consideration of S.J. Res. 22, Waters of the United States, with a vote on passage of the joint resolution at 12 noon. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Novem-
ber 5, to hold hearings to examine wildfire, focusing on stakeholder perspectives on budgetary impacts and threats to natural resources on Federal, state, and private lands, 10 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Armed Services: November 5, to hold hear-
ings to examine revisiting the roles and missions of the armed forces, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on the Budget: November 4, to hold hearings 
to examine reforming the Federal budget process, focus-ing on a biennial approach to better budgeting, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: No-
vember 4, to hold hearings to examine how gagging hon-est reviews harms consumers and the economy, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: November 4, to hold 
hearings to examine United States policy in North Africa, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
November 4, to hold hearings to examine the value of education choices for low-income families, focusing on re-
authorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
November 5, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine agency progress in retrospective review of existing regulations, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: November 4, to hold hear-
ings to examine the nomination of Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Attorney Gen-eral, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
November 4, Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-
tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine the American victims of Iranian and Pales-tinian terrorism, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
November 5, Full Committee, business meeting to 
consider the nominations of Rebecca Goodgame Ebinger, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Iowa, Leonard Terry Strand, of South Dakota, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, Julien Xavier Neals, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Gary Richard Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, and Mark A. Young, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of Cali-fornia, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: November 5, to hold 
closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, November 5, Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Costly Failures of Obamacare’s CO–OP Insurance Loans’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, November 5, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 2241, the ‘‘Global Health Inno-vation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2845, the ‘‘African Growth and Opportunity Act Enhancement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3750, the ‘‘First Responders Passport Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3766, the ‘‘Foreign Aid Transparency and Account-
ability Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 
5, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Iran’s Power Projection Capability’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, November 5, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Pre-determined Efforts to Block the Pebble Mine’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: November 4, to hold hearings 
to examine ensuring success for the Social Security Dis-ability Insurance program and its beneficiaries, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Novem-
ber 5, to receive a briefing on the rule of law and civil society in Azerbaijan, 2 p.m., 311, Cannon Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1177 November 3, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 161 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 318 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through October 31, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 146 136 . . 
Time in session ................................... 917 hrs, 29 ′ 667 hrs, 46 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 7,676 7,347 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,565 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 23 50 73 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 1 1 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 358 434 792 
Senate bills .................................. 74 26 . . House bills .................................. 66 273 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 3 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 10 5 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 18 21 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 188 105 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... *244 *311 555 
Senate bills .................................. 186 5 . . House bills .................................. 29 243 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 28 59 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 18 5 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 2 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 184 65 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,564 4,534 7,098 
Bills ............................................. 2,216 3,867 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 24 72 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 23 89 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 301 506 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 6 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 294 242 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 337 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 1 1 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through October 31, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 336, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 115 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 213 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 8 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 3,103, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,000 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 781 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 322 
Air Force nominations, totaling 5,333, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,283 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 48 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 2 
Army nominations, totaling 3,362, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,317 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 45 
Navy nominations, totaling 3,933, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,871 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 62 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,067, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,066 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 17,134 
Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 15,652 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,150 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 332 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1178 November 3, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Wednesday, November 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S.J. Res. 22, Waters of the United States, with a vote on passage of the joint resolution at 12 noon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, November 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of the 
Senate amendments to H.R. 22—Hire More Heroes Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1576 
Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1582 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1582 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1581 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E1580 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1576 Gutie ´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1578 Hurt, Robert, Va., E1579 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1576, E1577, E1577, E1578, 
E1582 
Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E1577, E1578 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1580 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1575 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1578 Murphy, Patrick, Fla., E1576 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1579 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1581 
Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1579 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1580 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1577, E1579, E1580, 
E1580, E1581, E1582 
Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1575 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1581 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03NO5.REC D03NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST