Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1119 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2015 No. 32 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARDY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 25, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C RESENT  
HARDY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
BRING A CLEAN DHS BILL TO THE 
FLOOR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise with a question: Should America be brought to the brink of her own security and safety? With that question, I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle, the Republicans and the Speaker, to put on the floor of the House the full funding of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of 
beginning my tenure on this com-mittee in the aftermath of the tragedy 
on 9/11. Some of us who served at that time were able to go to the site after 9/ 11. We were able to go soon enough to see some of those who were in the midst of recovering, since the first re-sponders of New York refused to leave anyone behind. 
It was a devastating and emotional 
time, but the resilience of that time also reflected America’s values. I re-member very strongly standing on the steps of the House, Republicans and Democrats, singing the song ‘‘God Bless America.’’ 
What we have come to today is that 
we are frivolously using these political tactics of taking political security over national security and rejecting our re-sponsibility of ensuring that the men and women who are on the front lines for the security of this Nation can con-tinue their jobs. 
First, Mr. Speaker, let me say that 
there is a court order that has tempo-rarily issued an injunction. That court in Texas did not in any way assess the constitutionality of the President’s ex-ecutive actions. Why? Because he has the authority. His comments that have been repeated over and over again about his lack of authority were, yes, he does not have the authority to con-vey an immigration status. His execu-tive actions are not on immigration 
status. They are simply keeping fami-lies from being torn apart and mothers and fathers and children from being de-ported. It is not an immigration status. It is a stay of deportation. 
And so the fuss that is being made 
impacts the TSA officer tragically shot in a Los Angeles airport, or New York or Houston or Dallas or Chicago or Ra-leigh-Durham; that TSA officer who stands on the front lines of our secu-rity and we look them in the eye and tell them they cannot be paid. You know, Mr. Speaker, when the shutdown happened before, it was Democrats who had to retroactively ensure that those workers were paid. We want border security? We won’t 
be paying our Border Patrol agents or ICE agents. Even though it is sug-gested that fees will take care of it, there are 30,000 employees that the fees will not take care of. 
So I rise today pleading to have my 
friends acknowledge that, first of all, they are wrong on the executive ac-tions. As we go to a hearing in Judici-ary, I will be able to show that these individuals will probably be vetted more extensively than many others in the immigration process. Fourteen pro-visions have to be utilized before they can be eligible for the executive action the President has suggested. 
But what I am going to say, Mr. 
Speaker, as I started by saying, is that we are bringing America to the brink. In the midst of my comments, I indi-cated that I remember how we came to-gether in the tragedy of 9/11. Well, we have a tragedy right now. We have a raging ISIS and ISIL, we have an un-known terrorist threat, and we know that the United States, although strong, stands, as the rest of the world does, needing to be prepared for those who want to be individualized, fran-chised terrorists. 
I take my responsibility seriously. I 
believe in the Constitution. I even be-lieve in language that indicates, as we say often in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, that we all are created equal, and language in the Constitution that says we have come to form a more per-fect Union. 
This is not perfect, and this can be 
remedied. I ask the Speaker to put this bill on the floor of the House in the name of firefighters and police officers and ICE officers and grants going to cities for using their best tactics; fu-sion centers that deal with terrorism— in their name, and many others, like Border Patrol; ICE, as I indicated; the Secret Service, as I indicated; TSA agents; parts of FAA; and FEMA, when the North is freezing and needs that kind of assistance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.000 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1120 February 25, 2015 
In the name of the people of the 
United States of America, how much pleading do I need to do? As a member of the Homeland Security Committee believing in those innocent families who have come here to do nothing more than to work on behalf of their families and desire to be united, on be-half of the mothers and fathers, Mr. Speaker, I ask that the Speaker put on the floor of the House a clean DHS bill so that we can vote now, now, now. 
f 
SERVING OUR NATION’S 
VETERANS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the 
Veterans Affairs Office of the Inspector General issued a report last Wednesday on their investigation into the nearly 14,000 veteran benefits claims that were found in a filing cabinet in Oakland, California. 
Last year, these claims were brought 
to our attention by VA staff members, who have known about these claims for many years—despite their best efforts to raise awareness of the injustice in how these claims were being handled. 
In July 2014, the former Deputy 
Under Secretary of the VA for Field Operations testified before the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs that the 14,000 claims that were found in a file cabinet had been brokered so that they would receive attention by the VA’s highest performing offices. 
Just 2 weeks prior to that on a site 
visit to the Oakland VA, the regional and division management told me that these 14,000 claims basically never ex-isted. As a matter of fact, they claim it was a story made up by disgruntled employees. 
The VA’s Office of Inspector Gen-
eral’s investigation confirmed the dis-covery of 14,000 claims in a filing cabi-net, confirmed that some of these claims dated back to the 1990s, con-firmed that thousands of these claims had not been processed, and confirmed that the staff at the Oakland VA had not been directed to properly store these claims. 
Oakland VA’s management claimed 
after my visit that they then had dis-covered 13,184 veteran benefit claims and 2,155 claims which required action or review. But during an onsite review, the Office of Inspector General could not confirm the existence of these claims due to the Oakland VA manage-ment’s ‘‘poor recordkeeping practices.’’ 
How was the Oakland VA able to ar-
rive at such exact numbers without maintaining records that allowed the OIG to verify the existence of these claims? It just doesn’t make sense, and we have to get to the bottom of these numbers. The VA is required by law to respond to every initial claim they re-ceive, to safeguard Federal records, and to protect private information of the veterans they work with. When the Oakland VA managers dis-
covered that 2,155 claims were more than several years old and required ac-tion or review, a special projects team was formed to complete this urgent task. Members of this team have told my staff that many of those claims be-longed to veterans who had passed away while waiting for benefits to be processed and that their families were never contacted. 
Inexplicably, the Office of Inspector 
General later discovered that 537 ini-tial claims that had been marked by this special team as processed were never actually processed. Some of these claims were as old as June 2002, yet another troubling instance of the Oakland VA managers failing to pro-vide the type of service northern Cali-fornia’s veterans deserve. 
The VA Office of Inspector General 
viewed only 34 of these unprocessed claims, though for some reason they declined to select a random sample. In-stead, the 34 claims were selected ‘‘ju-diciously,’’ which didn’t make any sense. Of the 34 claims that were re-viewed by the Inspector General’s of-fice, seven still remain unprocessed. In fact, though, these claims had been re-viewed several times from December 2012 to June 2014 without any action being taken. In one instance, a veteran with PTSD was underpaid almost $3,000 because his initial claim was not proc-essed correctly. 
This type of dysfunction and com-
plete lack of oversight and account-ability cannot continue in Oakland or at any VA regional offices across the country. 
Sadly, this report sheds very little 
light on who should be accountable for these failures and is incomplete. 
I am grateful the report was done and 
that the inspector general did delve into this issue at Oakland and many other offices, but the fact that no real conclusions were made on who is to be held accountable means much work re-mains to be done. We must continue to search for these answers and work to make sure the VA regional offices are properly serving our veterans. 
I am also grateful, on the positive, 
for the many staff members of the VA—many, former veterans them-selves—who care about this. They proc-ess many of these claims and make sure veterans are served. But we see there are a lot of holes in the system, obviously, that are making many vet-erans not have the confidence that they are going to be served, that they are going to get their claims processed, or indeed get health care if they need it later. 
Indeed, the tragedy we have is that 
anywhere from 12 to 22 veterans give up each day in this country and com-mit suicide. Because they have no hope left of having the promise kept to them shows that we have much to do. 
So I am grateful for those VA staffers 
that come to us blowing the whistle on what is wrong with the system when they can’t get help from their manage-ment to make things right. We ask 
them to please keep coming forward. 
Contact my office, contact my staff 
on what needs to be done to get the word out to help make this right, be-cause we want the VA to function well. We want the employees to feel like they are part of a system that is serv-ing veterans and to have a good rela-tionship within their office, but also to ultimately serve what we need as tax-payers and Americans that revere our veterans. 
f 
PASS A DHS FUNDING BILL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
here this morning as a member of the Appropriations Committee and its Sub-committee on Homeland Security. Our subcommittee is responsible for setting and overseeing funding for the oper-ations of the Department of Homeland Security. 
In 2 days, on February 27, astound-
ingly, funding for the Department of Homeland Security runs out because the Republican majority can’t agree on a bill due to their internal disagree-ments on the immigration provisions which are contained in the same bill because it is in the same Department. 
Although a clean funding bill, H.R. 
861, could quickly be brought to this House floor for a vote to fund the en-tire Department for the remainder of this fiscal year, Republicans have de-faulted to the rightwing extremists in their own party and instead have cho-sen to hold the security of our Nation hostage in order to contort the legisla-tive process. 
They would defund the President’s 
immigration executive order merely because they want a partisan win more than they want to govern. What a trag-edy. 
b1015 
To quote an editorial from yester-
day’s Washington Post: ‘‘The fervor of Republican partisanship, especially in the House, is immune to logic beyond an insistence on victory at any cost.’’ 
This is a Republican Party that just 
a year and a half ago shut our Nation’s government down for 16 days, stopping critical services and doing significant harm to the U.S. economy; then, too, they seemed more interested in a polit-ical win than responsible governance. 
Recall, their party also had the op-
portunity last Congress to bring a bi-partisan comprehensive immigration bill to the floor for a vote but declined to act. They have chosen not to address a concern that an overwhelming num-ber of Americans believe needs to be resolved. 
There are grave consequences for 
forcing the Department of Homeland Security into a shutdown. The Repub-lican Congress would cripple the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency’s preparations for future disasters as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.002 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1121 February 25, 2015 
more than a fifth of personnel are fur-
loughed. 
The Republican Congress would end 
the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s training activities with local law enforcement for weapons of mass destruction. 
The Republican Congress would cut 
off pay to thousands of Department of Homeland Security employees who are personally tasked with protecting our homeland. 
The Republican Congress would stop 
research and development work on countermeasures to protect us against devastating biological threats, on nu-clear detection equipment, and on cargo and passenger screening tech-nologies. 
The Republican Congress would shut-
ter the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity’s Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, meaning there will be no alerts or coordination efforts with local law en-forcement agencies if a nuclear event occurs. 
This is so utterly irresponsible. In an 
era of amplified global threats, brutal terrorist attacks throughout Europe, and escalating tension throughout the Middle East, to cut off funding for the Department tasked with ensuring our homeland security is safe and secure is truly dangerous. 
This sort of behavior throws sand 
into the gears of a great society, of a great country, the oldest Republic on the face of the Earth. The American people surely are looking for reassur-ance that their government will offer them the security and dependability they expect. 
We have a responsibility to protect 
their security, even if it means we no longer can indulge in political brinksmanship. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a working bi-
partisan majority here in this House that holds the power to govern this Na-tion. All it needs is the will. 
Let’s bring the clean Department of 
Homeland Security funding bill to the floor today. Let’s stop playing political games with the safety and security of the American people. 
We owe it to them to govern and to 
do the job we were elected to do. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 17 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Tierian Cash, National 
Chaplain for the American Legion, Longs, South Carolina, offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Almighty and everlasting God, in 
whose name we trust and pray, it is fit-ting to pause, if but momentarily, to recognize You, the One in whom does finally reside all authority and power and by whose grace we are allowed to exercise that which You have com-mitted to us. 
Accept our homage, O Lord, and hear 
us when we pray for wisdom to lead with integrity, compassion, and convic-tion. 
We are mindful that around the 
world today our soldiers, sailors, air-men, marines, and coastguardsmen are standing the watch to safeguard our peace and liberty. 
Grant to all who serve and their fam-
ilies Your blessings. 
Accept, O Lord, these prayers, and 
may we perceive and know what things to do and receive grace and power to fulfill what is expected of us. We com-mit our best efforts and our Nation to Your keeping. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I object to 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. S AMJOHNSON ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND TIERIAN 
‘‘RANDY’’ CASH 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) is recognized for 1 
minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, please 
join me in welcoming to the House of Representatives today our guest chap-
lain, my constituent and fellow resi-dent of Lincoln County, North Caro-lina, Reverend Randy Cash. 
A native North Carolinian, Reverend 
Cash was commissioned as a Navy chaplain in 1980. During his 26 years of Active Duty, Reverend Cash has done 
tours supporting both the Navy and Marines with time in Liberia, the Congo, and Albania and supporting Op-erations Desert Shield, Desert Storm, and, most recently, Operation Endur-ing Freedom. 
Additionally, Reverend Cash has 
served as deputy chaplain to the U.S. Marine Corps and multiple roles for the Naval Chaplaincy School, including commanding officer. 
Reverend Cash is visiting Washington 
this week for the 55th annual con-ference of the American Legion, for which he currently serves as national chaplain for that fine organization. 
Please join me in welcoming Rev-
erend Cash to the House of Representa-tives, and thank him for his years of dedicated service to our Nation, our Nation’s men and women in the mili-tary, and our veterans. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK ). The Chair will entertain 
up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
EDUCATION 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I believe in 
an opportunity society where hard work, education, innovation, and risk are rewarded and we empower individ-uals, not government. 
Unfortunately, Washington’s broken 
reflex these days is: when in doubt, reg-ulate. That type of thinking must cease if we are to reach this Nation’s full potential. One of the clearest ex-amples of unnecessary and unsuccess-ful Federal intervention is the law cur-rently governing our K–12 education system. 
This week, the House will consider 
the Student Success Act, which em-powers the people closest to students with the authority to make education choices in their respective States and communities. 
Local control always delivers pro-
grams and services more efficiently and effectively. By scaling back Wash-ington’s one-size-fits-all micromanage-ment of classrooms, this legislation takes positive steps toward ensuring local educators have the flexibility re-quired to meet the diverse needs of their students. 
f 
FUNDING THE DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.006 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1122 February 25, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, the De-
partment of Homeland Security is charged with safeguarding our Nation from acts of terrorism, drug traf-ficking, and many other serious threats. 
Whether they serve in the Coast 
Guard, Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection, or elsewhere, the men and women who work for the De-partment of Homeland Security in my home State of New Hampshire and across this country play a vital role in keeping our families safe; yet Congress is poised to shut down DHS this Friday for partisan political reasons. 
This would undermine our security 
and impact hardworking men and women from across my district, like Darrell, from Groveton, New Hamp-shire, who serves in the Coast Guard, and Lee, another Granite Stater, who works for Customs and Border Protec-tion. She wrote to me recently and said: ‘‘No one wins if this political standoff continues.’’ 
I agree. We were elected to work to-
gether in the best interest of those we represent, not to play partisan polit-ical games. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department of Homeland Security open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
guidelines consistently issued by suc-cessive Speakers, as recorded in sec-tion 956 of the House Rules and Man-ual, the Chair is constrained not to en-tertain the request unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. 
f 
FEDERAL TEXAS JUDGE 
IMMIGRATION RULING 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, my constituents and a major-ity of Americans oppose President Obama’s executive amnesty. His am-nesty is unconstitutional, which is why I am pleased that U.S. district court Judge Andrew Hanen has blocked Obama’s amnesty from going into ef-fect. Not surprisingly, the administra-tion is now appealing. 
As the legal process works its way 
through the courts, Congress must con-tinue to stand strong and fight the President’s unlawful amnesty. Just this month, I exposed Obama’s empty words that illegals getting amnesty would be paying taxes. The IRS Com-missioner confirmed that Obama’s am-nesty will, in fact, allow the IRS to give illegals thousands of dollars. 
These tax refunds aren’t refunds in 
the usual sense but amnesty checks from the IRS. This is wrong. I am working on legislation to stop it. Law- 
abiding and hardworking American taxpayers deserve nothing less. 
f 
COUNTING DOWN TO GOP 
SHUTDOWN 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans are playing politics with the security of the American people, and the American people deserve better. 
What was absolutely laughable a few 
days ago, it now appears that they are prepared to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. They won’t budge, even though they have known all along that the House version of the bill will never pass the Senate, and if it did, the President would surely veto it, as he should. 
They are willing to burden this en-
tire country with all the dangers and disruptions that a funding lapse would bring. They are willing to shut down funding for the security in the New York City rail system, communica-tions equipment in Los Angeles, bomb- sniffing dogs in Massachusetts, and firefighter positions across this Nation, just so that they can put on another hollow, pointless political show. 
This legislation is failure by design. I 
find it scandalous that the Islamic ter-rorists are fully funded; yet the De-partment of Homeland Security that protects our citizens may not be. 
I urge a vote on a clean Homeland 
Security bill for the protection of our citizens. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT NEEDS TO 
CHANGE COURSE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, during the Presidents’ Day break, I served on a delegation meeting with the leaders of Afghanistan, Jor-dan, and Iraq. Each was grateful for the support given in their fight against terrorists who seek mass murder of in-nocent civilians. 
Daesh, the Arab translation of ISIL, 
has spread as a cancer across the re-gion and threatens to attack the Amer-ican people. President Obama’s failing policies are weakening defense, and he needs to change course, as he did with the 2009 Afghan surge. 
In Syria, the President’s strategy has 
set the stage for Daesh to expand. In Iraq, his failure to achieve a status of forces agreement has led to instability. The attack on Libya has led to a failed state. The pitiful negotiations with Iran puts America at risk. His claimed success in Yemen has proven inac-curate. 
Radical Islamists have declared war 
on the West, intend to exterminate Jews, and seek to destroy modern democratic civilizations. The first 
mass slaughters have been of fellow Muslims at mosques, at soft targets, but safe havens anywhere are a threat to American families. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
THREE DAYS UNTIL THE DEPART-
MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, 
there are only 3 days left until the De-partment of Homeland Security shuts down, forcing thousands of TSA, Cus-toms, Border Patrol, and Secret Serv-ice agents to put their lives on the line to protect American citizens without being paid. 
This has gone on far too far. We have 
taken weeks of time on the floor of this House, waiting for what we know ulti-mately would be passed, and that is a clean Homeland Security bill. 
Every Democrat has cosponsored leg-
islation to fully fund this Department, without trying to overreach and get through the appropriations process that which the majority is unwilling to do legislatively. 
If you were so interested in immigra-
tion policy, the majority would long ago have brought comprehensive immi-gration reform to the floor of the House. Have we seen that? No—neither have we seen any legislation that the American people are really looking for, legislation that would put America back to work, build new infrastructure, and create jobs in this country. 
This has gone on far too far. We have 
got to get this essential function of government fully funded and get back to the business that the American peo-ple sent us to. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its essential mission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the 
Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appro-priate clearance. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA VETOES 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, despite overwhelming bi-partisan support from my colleagues in both the House and the Senate, the President vetoed the Keystone XL pipeline project in the name of polit-ical expediency; rather than listening to a majority of the American public, the President’s veto kowtows to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.008 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1123 February 25, 2015 
vocal minority of extreme environ-
mental groups. 
Mr. Speaker, the President’s decision 
yesterday is a giant leap backwards on a road to energy independence, effec-tively saying ‘‘no’’ to the creation of over 40,000 American jobs and lower en-ergy prices for businesses and families. 
Mr. Speaker, President Obama had 
the opportunity to stand up and show true leadership, but unfortunately, he chose to, once again, hide behind polit-ical motives. 
f 
b1215 
ECONOMIC GROWTH FOR NEVADA 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, just this 
morning, Nevada Attorney General Laxalt testified before the House Judi-ciary Committee, claiming that the implementation of DAPA and exten-sion of DACA would cause undue eco-nomic hardship for our State. Well, I would like to see his evidence, because data show that granting administra-tive relief to qualified undocumented immigrants would actually contribute to economic growth. 
Thanks to these executive actions, 
the legal workforce will expand, and average wages for all workers will in-crease by $170 a year. The Federal def-icit will be reduced by $25 billion, and GDP will grow from $90 billion to $210 billion over the next decade. Further-more, it is estimated that expanding DACA and DAPA will increase Ne-vada’s GDP from $700 million to $1.7 billion over the next 10 years and lead to $21 million in additional tax revenue for the State over the next 5 years. 
So, in short, General, not imple-
menting the President’s actions is not only morally indefensible, but also eco-nomically foolish. And, I might add, holding up DHS funding for this pur-pose is a shameful political act that puts Americans at risk. 
f 
M–855 AMMO BAN 
(Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to stand up for the rights of law-abiding Americans to protect their homes, and I am standing in opposition to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives’ un-reasonable proposal to ban entire class-es of ammunition. 
As an American, I personally use this 
ammunition to defend my home and my family, and that is my constitu-tional right. I find it ironic that the President of the United States con-tinues to say, well, if we would just arm the people of other countries, then ISIS wouldn’t exist, while he uses each and every means possible to violate our Second Amendment right to protect ourselves. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-
tunity to set the record straight, and I look forward to meeting with the ATF and discussing their budget and mak-ing sure that they don’t have the legal authority or the funding to take away Americans’ constitutional rights to keep and bear arms and ammo. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, in 3 days, 
the Department of Homeland Security will needlessly run out of funding—yes, 3 days. Shutting down the Department of Homeland Security will jeopardize local disaster relief grants. It will stall critical safety training for firefighters and first responders and will force thousands of Border Patrol agents, Ac-tive Duty Coast Guard servicemem-bers, and airport security screeners across the country to work without pay. 
House Republicans are threatening 
the safety and security of our Nation and our families by refusing to pass a clean security funding bill, instead, pushing for anti-immigration amend-ments. This is unwise, this is unneces-sary, and this is wrong. We should not play partisan politics when our Na-tion’s security is on the line. 
We must pass a funding bill that does 
not include harmful provisions, so that our Nation remains safe and secure. That is why I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Secu-rity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the 
Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appro-priate clearance. 
f 
STRENGTHENING TAX-FREE 529 
COLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNTS 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of H.R. 529, a bill I have co-sponsored that strengthens tax-free 529 college savings accounts. The cost of higher ed has increased by more than 500 percent since 1985, yet the Presi-dent recently proposed a tax hike on 529 savings of students and middle class families. 
There is a big difference between 
being able to afford college and being able to pay for it. The 529s help bridge that gap for millions of working Amer-icans who make too little to cover tui-tion but just enough to be ineligible for financial aid. 
Our Nation’s long-term prosperity 
depends on our ability to prepare the next generation for success. Let’s start now by passing H.R. 529. DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to demand that a clean, straight-forward Department of Homeland Secu-rity funding bill be brought to the House floor for a vote immediately. After today, there are only 2 more days until the entire Department of Home-land Security is shut down, 2 days until the men and women who work to pro-tect our national security stop receiv-ing a paycheck, 2 days until the doors are shut at the Department responsible for ensuring America’s safety. 
If my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle want to debate the merits of immigration reform, then bring an im-migration bill to the floor. We would welcome that debate. We are ready to work on a comprehensive bill to fix a broken system. In the meantime, don’t play games with our national security. 
Again, I urge the House leadership to 
bring a clean funding bill. It is H.R. 861. We need to keep the Department of Homeland Security open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe, and we need to be able to move forward to work on the pressing matters facing our country. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, the Amer-
ican people expect us to deliver solu-tions and to fix problems; they expect us to act responsibly and govern. We can do this by working together and averting a shutdown at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Let me be clear: shutting down the 
Department of Homeland Security should not be an option, and I am ada-mantly opposed to letting this happen. 
Our first and foremost responsibility, 
Mr. Speaker, is to protect our Nation. Ever since the attacks of September 11, 2001, the need for the Department of Homeland Security became clear, and the Department of Homeland Security has proven vital to keeping the Amer-ican people safe amid an ongoing war against terror. 
Terror threats do not just go away 
until Washington is able to come to a compromise. There is certainly broad disagreement, Mr. Speaker, in this country over the President’s executive actions. By shutting down DHS, it only makes us more vulnerable to attacks. It is absolutely the wrong approach to addressing this disagreement. There is no room for political brinkmanship when the security of the American pub-lic is at stake. 
f 
SELMA VOTING RIGHTS 
(Mr. CARNEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.009 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1124 February 25, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 50th anniversary of the voting rights march from Selma to Montgomery and to urge my colleagues to pass voting rights legislation in this Congress. 
In 1960, there were only 66,000 African 
Americans registered to vote in Ala-bama. In 1965, there were 15,000 Black residents of Dallas County, Alabama, where Selma is located, but fewer than 200 were registered to vote. African Americans who attempted to vote faced intimidation, discrimination, and worse. 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the 
unrelenting efforts of heroes like our colleague from Georgia, J
OHN LEWIS, 
helped correct these injustices. But the fight isn’t over. State legislation, bal-lot initiatives, and court cases across the country in recent years have jeop-ardized the voter registration protec-tions that J
OHN LEWIS and others 
fought so hard for. 
We need to stay vigilant, and we need 
new legislation today. As we celebrate Black History Month, let’s recognize how far we have come. Let’s pass vot-ing rights legislation in this Congress for the good of the country. 
f 
KEYSTONE PIPELINE VETO 
(Mr. M CCLINTOCK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, for 
more than 6 years, the President has called for taxpayer-funded infrastruc-ture projects. In the first year of his administration, he squandered nearly $1 trillion on so-called shovel-ready projects that he later joked weren’t shovel ready at all. Mr. Speaker, $1 trillion is $8,000 taken from every fam-ily in America, on average. That is what we spent. That is what he joked about when it turned out we got very little for it. 
Now along comes the Keystone pipe-
line. It promises $8 billion of private investment at no cost to taxpayers. That major infrastructure project would have produced 42,000 construc-tion-related jobs and, when finished, more than a half million barrels a day of Canadian crude oil entering the American economy. That is what he vetoed after it was sent to him with bi-partisan votes out of both Houses. 
He calls this middle class economics. 
The reality is it is a war on the middle class. And that is no joke. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to talk about the imminent dan-ger our country faces in 3 days. Right now, Republicans have decided that it is more important to listen to the Tea Party and their extremist views rather 
than funding the Department of Home-land Security. 
And I don’t want to hear this mess 
from Republicans about, oh, the work-ers are still going to get paid. Let me tell you something. We are talking about 250,000 essential employees that could go without pay—that are airport screeners and are doing important things like keeping us safe—and send-ing them to work without pay, where they don’t know how they are going to make their car note; they don’t know if they are going to be able to pay their mortgage or bring groceries home. That is putting America in danger. 
We need to keep Homeland Security 
open. We need to stop playing this reckless game that the Republicans are putting us through because it is the duty of Congress to keep American families safe and govern responsibly. 
Republicans need to realize that the 
only path through this is having us do a clean DHS bill. It is time for Repub-licans to join the 192 House Democrats that have already signed up. We need to do the right thing. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
OLD). As the Chair previously advised, 
that request cannot be entertained ab-sent appropriate clearance. 
f 
ISIS 
(Mr. STUTZMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, over 
the last several months, Islamic State has shown just how barbaric they can be. They are willing to kill and torture innocent people in the most savage ways to intimidate the United States and the civilized world. With the recent beheadings in the Middle East and the multiple shootings in Europe, it is very clear that terrorism is a problem that only continues to grow. 
Islamic State might be the most 
well-trained, well-equipped, and well-fi-nanced terror group we have seen; and if an international coalition is not will-ing to stop them, no one will. 
I have supported President Obama’s 
use of airstrikes since they began sev-eral months ago to push back on Is-lamic State, and I still strongly believe that we should continue these strikes with our Arab partners. 
Throughout our history, we have 
shown that we can overcome any ob-stacle and defeat any enemy if we are willing to stand up to it. 
However, I have so far been dis-
appointed that the President has asked for an Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force without articulating a clear strategy on how to ultimately defeat the enemy. If President Obama would 
present such a plan, I believe both Re-publicans and Democrats in both Chambers would stand with him and show the world that we are united in confronting this dangerous enemy. 
I hope the President takes this op-
portunity to lead and unite the Amer-ican people toward defeating our latest adversary in the war on terror. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, there are only 3 days until the Department of Homeland Se-curity shuts down, forcing more than 50,000 TSA airport security screeners and tens of thousands of Customs and Border Protection officers to work without pay. Many of these dedicated public servants work at Los Angeles International Airport, LAX, which is in my congressional district. They screen the passengers and examine the cargo to keep the airports secure. 
LAX is the sixth busiest airport in 
the world and third busiest in the United States. In 2013, LAX served more than 66 million passengers and processed more than 1.9 million tons of cargo with a value of over $91.6 billion. 
The security of LAX is critical for 
the people of Los Angeles and the en-tire country, and the public servants who work hard every day to keep our airports safe deserve to be paid for the work that they do. Let’s fund DHS now. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that would keep the Depart-ment open so it can carry out its mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the 
Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appro-priate clearance. 
f 
b1230 
CAREER TECHNICAL EDUCATION 
(Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, today, 
as we consider many issues sur-rounding the education of our Nation’s youth, I rise to draw attention to the importance of career technical edu-cation. Having raised five kids, I under-stand how access to quality learning is critical to ensuring that every child has an opportunity to achieve their po-tential. 
That is why I have worked to support 
career and technical education and teach students the relevant skills they need to get a good-paying job. Often re-ferred to as vocational, or voc-ed, CTE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.011 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1125 February 25, 2015 
courses frequently offer on-the-job 
training that translates into employ-ment right after graduation. That means more opportunities for students and less debt. 
I was proud to learn that Cheboygan 
Area High School in my congressional district was named one of the top schools in northern Michigan in CTE, an achievement for which Cheboygan Area Schools should be justifiably proud. It is my hope that students in northern Michigan and all over the United States will take advantage of quality CTE programs to further their careers and continue to grow our econ-omy. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to sup-
porting measures that help to return control of education to States and par-ents, allowing families to choose an educational program that fits their needs. 
f 
CELEBRATING WEST COAST PORTS 
AND ILWU, PMA DEAL 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I, along 
with the rest of the country, am breathing a sigh of relief that full-time work has resumed at our west coast ports. I wanted to publicly thank the ILWU and the PMA for staying at the table and finally reaching an agree-ment. I want to thank President Obama and our Labor Secretary Perez for their help in bringing about a reso-lution. 
Many of my colleagues here in Con-
gress were calling me daily for updates because the workers, the farmers, the businesses, and the consumers in their districts were also impacted by what happens on the west coast ports. 
I represent the men and women who 
work on those ports, so our economy in the harbor area was greatly affected, but we also realize that these ports are an economic engine for the entire country. Our west coast ports support millions of American jobs and provide a vital link to global commerce. So today I am going to testify before the Budget Committee to remind Congress that we should fully fund all the ports in this country because they are such an important link to our economy. 
f 
NET NEUTRALITY 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, as 
you can see, we have quite a variety of issues that we are talking about today. Whether it is the President’s executive amnesty and overreach, the overreach of the DHS, or the veto of the Keystone pipeline, people are concerned about what is happening. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to turn our at-
tention to another issue: the takeover of the Internet by the Federal Commu-nications Commission. We just com-
pleted a hearing at the Energy and Commerce Committee on this issue. I tell you there is great concern about what the FCC would do with the Inter-net. 
The Internet is not broken, and it 
does not need the Federal Government to fix it. So people are rightfully con-cerned about that. The FCC, in taking control of the Internet, would do a cou-ple of things. First of all, it would be a loss of some of our freedoms because the FCC would reclassify the Internet to title II. Now, title II of the Commu-nications Act is the 1930s-era law that regulates telephones and telecommuni-cations. It would thereby subject the Internet, which is an information serv-ice, to a host of taxes, regulation, and international consideration. This is not the direction we want to go with the Internet. Let’s not use 1930s-era laws on an information service. Let’s make certain that the FCC delays their net neutrality order and that we work to-gether to keep the Internet open and free. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. ELLISON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, as I 
stand before this body today, it is with a tremendous amount of concern for the brave men and women who are pro-tecting our country and work for the Department of Homeland Security. We are only about 48 hours or so away from a potential shutdown, and I am concerned about these people, who are going to have to continue to work be-cause they are dedicated, loyal, and pa-triotic Americans but won’t be getting paid if we allow this government to shut down. 
Now, all we have to do in this House 
of Representatives is to bring up a clean Homeland Security funding bill. That is all we have to do. The Senate majority leader said he would do that. So we can get this problem solved right away. 
This situation is being handled in the 
courts, and this body of ours, this House of Representatives, is no place to try to work out some sort of ideo-logical partisan divide around immi-gration. This is an occasion for us to look out after the safety and security of the American people and to fund and pay the salaries of the workers who guarantee that security, not a time for partisan ideological chicanery. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry on its mission of keeping the American peo-ple safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee). As the Chair 
previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. THE IRS’ PUTATIVE LACK OF 
FUNDS FOR TAX FORMS AND IN-STRUCTION BOOKLETS 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to shed light on an issue that many constituents brought to my attention. Tax Day is right around the corner, and as many folks prepare to file their taxes, they are having issues locating the proper forms. 
The IRS has notified local libraries— 
and even congressional offices like mine—that it does not have the money to distribute enough tax forms and in-struction booklets so that taxpayers can file their returns accurately and on time. As a result, Mr. Speaker, seniors and those without access to the Inter-net are scrambling to find 1040 instruc-tion booklets and tax schedules they need to accurately file their taxes. My office distributed nearly 40 tax instruc-tion books and tax forms during a re-cent community office hours event in Lebanon County, and the demand con-tinues to grow daily. 
Mr. Speaker, the IRS’ claim that 
they can no longer afford to send tax forms to local libraries due to budget cuts is disingenuous. And while need-ing more than 40 pages of instructions to complete the least complicated tax return is proof enough for simplifying the Tax Code, it is no excuse for the IRS to make paying your Federal taxes an even bigger headache by making it more difficult for my constituents to get the documents they need. Let’s get our tax forms where they are needed. 
f 
THE CONCERNS OF OUR DISTRICTS 
(Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, one of 
the privileges we have here in the House of Representatives is to speak to any issue during this period of time. 
Regrettably, I rise today to speak of 
the death of an iconic figure, a dy-namic force for social justice, Georgia Jones Ayers, who was not from my con-gressional district but from Congress-woman F
REDERICA WILSON ’s district, 
and I am sure that the two of us will add additional remarks. 
I also happily today come to the floor 
to congratulate the Dillard High School girls basketball team and the Palm Beach Lakes High School basket-ball teams. Dillard and Coach Pinder, my dear friend, have had such a con-secutive run that they are becoming a real force nationally as well as locally, and Palm Beach County took theirs as well. So I am fortunate that I have girls basketball teams that are cham-pions, and I proudly congratulate them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.013 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1126 February 25, 2015 
CADILLAC TAX 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on behalf of the estimated 12 million Americans in the middle class who are paying more than $1,000 extra per year because of the excise tax on health care plans included in the ObamaCare legislation called the Cad-illac tax. This legislation is set to take effect in 2018; however, employers, labor unions, and municipalities all back home are already preparing for this devastating tax. 
In order to comply with this 40 per-
cent penalty on health care plans, Mr. Speaker, employers and municipalities are looking at increasing deductibles, reducing benefits, and shifting costs to consumers as well as property tax-payers. In fact, in Manchester, our State’s largest city, an anticipated cost of 5 to $6 million alone will impact the property taxpayers. This will un-doubtedly result in an increase in our local property taxes, which, as every Granite Stater knows, are already sky high. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans simply can’t 
afford this tax, which is why I intro-duced a repeal bill. I look forward to working with Republicans and Demo-crats to get this bill passed. 
f 
HONORING SISTER CLARE CARTY 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor a great leader and visionary in my community, Sister Clare Carty, who passed away on Sat-urday, February 14, at the age of 78. Sister Clare was born in Philadelphia and entered the Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia in 1955, beginning her career as an elementary school teach-er. In 1980, she joined the St. Mary Medical Center system as an assistant administrator, where I happened to be working as a hospital pharmacy clerk. I will never forget her kind interaction with her staff. Nobody was more proud of the colleagues, physicians, and vol-unteers at St. Mary’s than Sister Clare. 
In 1982, Sister Clare rose to the rank 
of president and CEO at St. Mary. Her persistence and leadership led to the development of one of the first commu-nity hospital open heart surgery pro-grams in the area, as well as the estab-lishment of the only trauma center in my home community of the County of Bucks. 
After two decades of work, Sister 
Clare left St. Mary to serve in the de-velopment of Home Health Services for Catholic Health East, and once she re-tired from health care administration, she devoted her time to the Sisters of St. Francis. Sister Clare was instru-mental in establishing the Mother 
Bachmann Maternity Center, Chil-dren’s Health Center, Family Resource Center, and Bucks County Health Im-provement Project. 
Mr. Speaker, you won’t meet many 
people with the compassion, character, and very capable leadership of Sister Clare. She touched and improved not just the medical center but our entire community. I celebrate her life and her legacy, her faithful example, and her leadership. We are certainly grateful to know Sister Clare, and I am thankful for everything she did for the people of Pennsylvania and all those that she served. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 529, SECTION 529 COL-LEGE SAVINGS PLANS AMEND-MENTS; PROVIDING FOR CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 121 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 121 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 529) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be con-sidered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate, the Com-mittee of the Whole shall rise without mo-tion. No further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subse-quent order of the House. 
S
EC. 3. The requirement of clause 6(a) of 
rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of March 2, 2015, relating to a measure making or con-tinuing appropriations for the Department of 
Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015. 
S
EC. 4. It shall be in order at any time 
through the calendar day of March 1, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV, relating to a measure making or continuing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DENHAM ). The gentleman from Georgia 
is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), my 
friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
b1245 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, there is 
a lot going on in this rule today, a lot to be proud of. 
I would like to start by thanking the 
folks on the Parliamentarian staff and Mr. Steve Cote on the Rules Com-mittee. Folks don’t pay a lot of atten-tion to what goes on down here some-times, what goes on behind the scenes, in order to bring a bill to the floor. We did a little extra work this time around. I am grateful to folks for work-ing with me to get that done. 
House Resolution 121 is a closed rule, 
but it makes in order the consideration of two bills. One is H.R. 529, a bill that passed by unanimous consent out of the Ways and Means Committee, that goes into these college savings plans and corrects some provisions that made it difficult for folks to redeposit money into those plans—again, all about trying to educate our children, to make sure they have the opportuni-ties that we would want for them. 
The second provision made in order 
by this rule is the general debate of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. Folks may not know the Student Success Act yet, Mr. Speaker, though they will. It will become as normalized of a term as No Child Left Behind. 
That was the last time we reauthor-
ized the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, Mr. Speaker. I don’t be-lieve we will find much disagreement in this Chamber about the need to go back into that language now, 13 years later, and make some improvements in order to better serve our children. 
We might disagree about what those 
improvements are, but we know it is time to go back and get into that lan-guage and really try to make a dif-ference for those families, students, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.014 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1127 February 25, 2015 
and schools back home. H.R. 5 intends 
to do just that. 
This rule also provides suspension 
authority for any time through March 1 to bring up a resolution that either makes appropriations for or continues appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security. 
You heard a lot about it during the 1 
minutes this morning, Mr. Speaker. What we have is Department of Home-land Security funding which, as you know, funds so much of the immigra-tion services function of our govern-ment. 
As you know, a Federal judge has 
said that the plans the President has laid out cannot be completed lawfully. This House went forward and said: If it can’t do those things lawfully, we are certainly not going to fund them in this bill. 
Now, the Senate has not even been 
able to bring that bill up for debate, blocked on the Senate side from any discussion whatsoever. 
We are going to hopefully find a reso-
lution between now and the end of this week. I don’t know when that resolu-tion is going to come. When that reso-lution comes, I don’t want to see this House delayed in bringing that resolu-tion to the floor. Again, we have al-ready done our work. My hope is the Senate can pass that bill, and we can go ahead and send it directly to the President’s desk. 
Whatever those machinations may 
need to be, this rule makes bringing an additional provision in order as soon as that language becomes available. That is maximum flexibility to do what I think folks on both sides of this Cham-ber want to do, and that is to ensure the steady, continuous, deliberate functioning of this government. 
Mr. Speaker, No Child Left Behind, it 
was passed by a Republican House and a Republican Senate and sent to a Re-publican President for his signature. Today, that same Republican House is bringing forward a rewrite of that bill. 
As much as we all have a love and af-
fection for children, as much as we want public education in this country to succeed, sometimes, we don’t get it right. 
Again, I want to celebrate the bipar-
tisanship in that. It is not everybody just looking to find somebody to blame. I think folks went into that process trying to do the very best that they could; but, in fact, we ended up with some top-down solutions that did not serve our districts as well as we would have hoped. 
I am very fortunate, Mr. Speaker. I 
come from a district with wonderful public schools, just wonderful public schools. In fact, we are the fastest growing congressional district in the State of Georgia. 
It is not because of any particular 
strong business presence, though we have a tremendously strong business presence. It is not because of our loca-tion in some pleasant area, though it is a particularly pleasant area. It is be-cause our school systems are second to 
none. 
It is hard when we have to have these 
conversations about funding for local schools because the money that I spend on these children is money that I am borrowing from these children. 
It has to be an investment in these 
children. It has to be something that enables them to succeed even more to-morrow than they are today because I am borrowing it from their future. I am mortgaging their future in order to invest in them today. We all want those dollars to be used as well as they can. 
It would be easy to have a conversa-
tion about funding children to say: Well, if $1 is good, then $2 must be bet-ter, and if $2 is good, then $4 must be better, and if $4 is good, then $1 million must be better, and if $1 million is good, then $1 trillion must be better. 
I would dispute the attestation of 
any colleague who can find that direct correlation between dollars and per-formance. Dollars are critically impor-tant, and this bill provides those, but performance is tied to parents, it is tied to teachers, it is tied to principals, it is tied to communities. We cannot mandate that performance. We can only try to help those local folks suc-ceed. 
I know a lot of my colleagues are 
concerned that unless we mandate a so-lution from Washington, we will allow local communities to fail. I know that concern is heartfelt. I don’t come from one of those communities. 
The community I come from says: 
Washington is not getting it so right, but, trust us, we will take care of chil-dren down here because no one in Washington loves our children more than we do. 
Again, we see that. 
There is no question, Mr. Speaker, 
that children are going to succeed in this country, but there is an achieve-ment gap. There is a gap, Mr. Speaker, depending on what your ZIP code is, between what success we expect to come from your family and what suc-cess you can actually attain. 
I come from a county, Mr. Speaker, 
that is widely diverse, that has all the economic challenges you can imagine and all the economic successes that you can imagine as well. We come to-gether to make sure that no child is left behind and to make sure that no child is held back. 
We have both schools that are suc-
ceeding in ways that I could stand on this floor and brag about for hours, taking students from which the system expects so little and creating an oppor-tunity for them to succeed so extraor-dinarily. I would like to see that rep-licated in school districts across the Nation. I see it back home in my school. 
But we also have the Gwinnett 
School of Mathematics, Science, and Technology, GSMST. U.S. News & World Report names it the third best high school in the United States of America. I, of course, think U.S. News 
& World Report got it wrong. We are the absolute best high school in the United States of America. 
A majority of that student body, Mr. 
Speaker, are minority students. A ma-jority of that student body had an op-portunity to go anywhere in the county they wanted to go, but they stood in line, hoping to win the lottery to get out of a school that was already per-forming well to get into this school where they could be exceptional. 
Mr. Speaker, there are children 
standing in line across this country waiting to be exceptional. This bill aims to clear that line away and allow every child in America to achieve the excellence that you and I both know they deserve. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like very much at this time to be able to accommodate the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, Mrs. L
OWEY . She was going to be scheduled 
to speak earlier. I am going to allow that she go forward now to discuss something that is very important, and then I will proceed with my opening, if the Speaker will allow. 
There are only 3 days left until fund-
ing for the Department of Homeland Security expires, which will shut down many of the crucial operations that keep our country safe. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-
vious question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule that will allow for consideration of a clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill. With such serious consequences, it is time to put politics aside and prioritize the safety and security of the American people. 
To discuss that particular aspect of 
the proposal, I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), 
my good friend, the distinguished rank-ing member of the Appropriations Committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge this House to imme-diately take up and pass a clean fund-ing bill for the Department of Home-land Security. 
Delaying the full-year bill limits the 
Department’s ability to advance the Secretary’s unity of effort initiative designed to improve coordination in our security missions; limits the abil-ity of the Secretary to move ahead with the Southern Border and Ap-proaches Campaign; creates uncer-tainty regarding ICE’s capacity to de-tain and deport dangerous criminals; complicates the Department’s ability to deal with another influx of unac-companied children at our border sta-tions; delays implementation of the new security upgrades at the White House and hiring increases of the U.S. Secret Service; delays terrorism pre-paredness, my colleagues, and response grants for State and local public safety personnel and from fusion centers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.016 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1128 February 25, 2015 
I understand that many of my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle feel quite strongly about the Presi-dent’s use of executive orders on immi-gration policy; but do they have the courage of their convictions to look the first responders they represent in the eye and to tell them that they are holding up critical assistance to fire-fighters, law enforcement, EMTs, and emergency managers because of a fight that is ideological over immigration? 
This is disgraceful. The Homeland 
Security bill should never have been held hostage with only 3 days left until the Republican shutdown. Hasn’t this gone on long enough? Isn’t it time to abandon this failed strategy and pass a clean Homeland Security bill? 
To that end, I urge this whole House 
to join me today in defeating the pre-vious question so that my colleague Mr. H
ASTINGS can offer an amendment 
to provide a clean, full-year appropria-tions bill for the Department of Home-land Security. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank my friend, the gentleman from Georgia, for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. 
I rise, obviously, in opposition to the 
rule and underlying bill because nei-ther of these measures will keep the Department of Homeland Security from shutting down in 3 days, some-thing that I am sure is of vital interest to my friend from Georgia who is an advocate, continuously and has been since being on the Rules Committee and here in Congress, of having an open process. 
I would only urge that we understand 
that the last Congress, the 113th, was the most closed Congress in the history of all of the House of Representatives; yet, at this point, in this, the 114th Congress, we find ourselves in this po-sition. In the last Congress, 38 percent of the rules were closed at this point, six out of 16. 
As of today, this House has approved 
75 percent of its rules that are closed. In other words, this Congress is on a path to be twice as closed as the last, which had the most, in history, closed rules. 
Now, my friend Mr. W
OODALL cer-
tainly understands that, and every Member of this House understands that. A lot of times, constituents hear us, and it sounds a whole lot like Wash-ington speak, but the fact is, just sim-ply, that when a rule is closed, as this one is, with the exception of one por-tion that is open for yet another provi-sion in the measure, H.R. 5, but when a rule is closed, that means all of the other Members, all of your constitu-ents who do not have an opportunity if they so choose, are precluded from of-fering an amendment to the base bill that is being discussed. 
b1300 
Congress has 3 days to act before we 
shut down; and truthfully, I don’t be-lieve that my friends on the Repub-lican side are crazy enough to shut 
down the government at this point, so I think something is going to happen. I don’t know what. 
It is not like this debacle caught us 
by surprise. It was obvious way back when Congress funded the rest of the government for the year but funded DHS for only a few months. Yet each week my Republican friends continue to consider bills that will do nothing and go nowhere. And now, without a road map out of this quagmire, my Re-publican friends are threatening to double down on their politics by shut-ting down the agency responsible for our national security, yet somehow we find ourselves talking about com-pletely unrelated measures. 
You can disagree with the Presi-
dent—and many of you do, and some-times some of us do. Great. It is a beautiful free country that we live in— but don’t put our national security at risk to do it. 
Now, I have heard my Republican 
colleagues’ talking point—oh, no, don’t worry about national security; most of the DHS employees will still work, and very little will change—but that is just a guess, because those employees will be expected to work without pay. 
Among those who are expected to 
work without pay are more than 40,000 Border Patrol agents and Customs and Border Protection officers, more than 50,000 TSA aviation security screeners, more than 13,000 Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement law enforcement agents and officers, more than 40,000 Active Duty Coast Guard military members, and more than 4,000 Secret Service law enforcement agents and of-ficers. 
Footnote right there. Very occasion-
ally when we are talking budget mat-ters and when we are talking author-ization and appropriations, we talk about the need for certainty for the agencies that have to implement the measures that are before them. Well, that could not be truer at any point any more than with DHS needing that certainty as well. 
To add insult to injury, when all this 
gets fixed—and it will need to be fixed—we will need to pass another measure to retroactively ensure that they receive their paychecks. But until then, there is no way for them to know when they will be paid. That kind of gamble is not the best way to ensure the stability of our national defense, and it is not fair to ask of the men and women keeping us safe. 
We talk a lot about job creation here 
in this institution. My friends across the aisle gut clean air and water pro-tections in the name of job creation. In the name of job creation, my friends hack away at the policies implemented to keep big banks from preying on hardworking Americans. If, by chance, DHS shuts down, approximately 30,000 employees would be furloughed. That is 30,000 families with jobs taken away. 
Who knows how long a shutdown will 
last. We have already had months to address this lapse in funding. Why do 
we do this? Why is it every time we get ready to do something important, we play brinksmanship, we come up until the day of? It is really the kind of hold-ing up of our process that is deleterious to the good of this country. 
Just because DHS employees are fur-
loughed or not being paid but still must go to work, that doesn’t mean that their mortgage payment or their car payment or any other bills are going to go away. What are they sup-posed to say? ‘‘Don’t worry. I will pay you retroactively’’? You can’t run your household that way, and we certainly should not be running our government that way. For the life of me, I cannot understand why my Republican friends will not join House Democrats in sup-porting clean legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
So, after all that, what do these two 
education bills that are in this par-ticular rule have to do with keeping DHS open? I have no idea. I consider them to be important, but they don’t have anything to do with what is the most germane issue before us today, the most pertinent issue. 
If the goal is to make college more 
affordable, there is no reason to focus on provisions used by only 3 percent of families. We need to make higher edu-cation more affordable for all Ameri-cans. Moreover, my friends have yet to explain what makes these 529 provi-sions so important that they are will-ing—listen to me carefully—to add $51 million to the deficit for these par-ticular measures, $51 million added to the deficit that they talk so much about. 
The other measure, H.R. 5, makes 
even less sense. It would have cata-strophic consequences for our Nation’s most vulnerable youth and their edu-cators. I respect my colleague from Georgia immensely. I respect his intel-lect immensely. I am proud that his schools are doing extremely well in the community that he is privileged to serve. But I can tell you, based on what I know, that any changes to the No Child Left Behind program must ad-here to the spirit of the law. In Florida, we didn’t only leave children behind; we lost them and couldn’t find them. 
Somehow or another, we keep chang-
ing these things without having the ac-countability and the transparency. We cannot and we should not leave any child in America behind. Children with disabilities, English learners, families with less financial resources, and those from racial and ethnic minority groups of underserved communities all deserve quality education, and our Nation would be better for it if they all re-ceived quality education. 
These two bills are distractions from 
the main event, side shows for the cen-ter ring of the circus. It is time for Congress to focus on the things that matter, because even as our economy grows stronger, we still have plenty of real work to do. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.017 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1129 February 25, 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
Just to be clear—we are down here 
talking about education today—I share my friend’s passion for proper funding of this government. This House passed its funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security on January 14— January 14. This isn’t something that has happened to us this week. January 14, the House did its business. The Sen-ate has tried over and over and over to bring up a bill, and the Democrats haven’t allowed them to even have the debate on the bill. 
This all being said, this is a bill that 
refuses to fund what a Federal Court said would be illegal to do. How in the world we have been able to define the House work product that refuses to fund what the court said it would be il-legal to do as somehow the wrong bill to bring to the floor is just a testimony to the messaging machine that my friends had. I wish we had more of that machine here. With that, Mr. Speaker, I would like to get back on the topic of the day, what does matter for our chil-dren back home. 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman 
from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule and of both of the bills that this rule brings to the floor: H.R. 529 and the Student Success Act. I want to thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. 
I am especially pleased that the Stu-
dent Success Act is a major rewrite of the No Child Left Behind law. I was the only member from the Tennessee dele-gation—the 11-member delegation in the House and Senate, and I think one of 45 in the House—that voted against the original No Child Left Behind law, which was a great overreaction to failed school systems in a few of our Nation’s biggest cities, and we cer-tainly didn’t need it in east Tennessee. That, much to my surprise, turned out to be one of the most popular votes I ever cast among public schoolteachers in east Tennessee. 
I am here primarily today to speak in 
support of H.R. 529, which this rule also includes. Richard Vedder, an economist from Ohio University, wrote a few years ago a book called ‘‘Going Broke By Degree,’’ talking about how dif-ficult it was to pay for higher edu-cation in this country today. Around the same time, U.S. News & World Re-port came out with a report that said college educations were almost becom-ing out of reach for most middle class families. We need to be doing every-thing we can to help families pay for college education, and we certainly don’t need to be encouraging students to go further into debt. 
It shocks students at the University 
of Tennessee when I tell them that it cost me $90 a quarter my first year at the University of Tennessee, $270 for the whole year. I heard the minority, the respected minority leader, Mr. H
OYER , give a speech one time. He said his first year at the University of 
Maryland it cost him $87 a semester. 
But then in the mid-1960s, the Fed-
eral student loan program came in, and the colleges and universities around the country started using that as a way to tamp down any opposition to tuition or fee increases, and college tuition and fees have just gone out of sight since that time. 
I have been speaking out for years 
about how harmful the Federal student loan program has become for college students and their families. Now many others are saying the same thing. Kathleen Parker, writing in The Wash-ington Post in January of 2013, said: 
Since 1985, the cost of higher education has 
increased 538 percent, while the consumer price index (inflation) over the same period has gone up 121 percent. 
That is four-and-a-half times as 
much on the increases in college edu-
cation. 
Floyd Norris, writing in the inter-
national New York Times last Feb-ruary said: ‘‘Student loans are creating large problems that may persist for decades. They will impoverish some borrowers and serve as a drain on eco-nomic activity.’’ 
Hedge fund manager James Altucher 
wrote: ‘‘We are graduating a genera-tion of indentured’’ students. 
I can tell you, when I went to the 
University of Tennessee, people could work part time, as I always did, to pay all their tuition and fees. Almost no one got out of school with a debt; now, almost everyone does. Total out-standing student loan debt is now well over a trillion dollars. I think it is $1.3 trillion, and some people think it may be one of the next bubbles to burst. 
So what does H.R. 529 do? It makes it 
easier for families to save for college educations. We need to do this. We also need to give bigger grants and so forth to the universities and colleges that hold their tuition and fees below the rate of inflation. We need to incentivize the colleges and univer-sities to stop raising their tuition and fees at four and five times the rate of inflation. Until we do that, H.R. 529 is the least we can do to help out the middle class families of this country that are having so much trouble paying for their students, their children to have college educations. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding 
me this time. I support these two bills. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, would 
you be kind enough to tell both of us how much time remains? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida has 17 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Georgia has 17 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), a 
good friend of mine, a member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank my colleague from Flor-ida for allowing me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-
tion to H.R. 5, Student Success Act. This bill would continue unnecessary 
and arbitrary K–12 education funding cuts and erode accountability for his-torically underserved students. We should be preparing the next genera-tion, but this bill is a step backwards in achieving academic excellence for 90 percent of the Nation’s students. 
Mr. Speaker, diverse organizations 
across not only my State, the great State of Ohio, but across this Nation, educational organizations, educational funding organizations, parents and law-yer advocacy groups, business leaders and groups, disability and exceptional children’s groups, and the NAACP and civil rights organizations are against this and very concerned about this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, the way we fund all of 
our schools and educate all of our young scholars is a reflection on our values and commitment to equality. 
b1315 
Access to education is a civil right. It 
is the key to the middle class and to a prosperous nation. This bill would con-strain educational opportunity and equality. We need an education bill that improves education and that in-vests in all of our children. H.R. 5 fails our children, Mr. Speaker, and H.R. 5 fails our Nation. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 30 seconds to say to my friend that I can feel her heart in those words. I am just tremendously proud to serve in a place where people really do care about the next generation, mak-ing sure that we are able to achieve those goals. I regret we are not finding the agreement on that today, but I am certain, as long as there are folks here who believe in achieving that goal to-gether, as my friend does, we will get there. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be 
joined today by a freshman Member from the Georgia delegation, an incred-ibly hardworking Member. 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the opportunity to come before you to talk about and support H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
Mr. Speaker, this is legislation to re-
place No Child Left Behind, to restore local control over education, and to empower parents and local education leaders to hold schools accountable for effectively teaching students. 
I spent last week in my district, and 
I visited elementary and high schools, specifically schools that would be af-fected by the Student Success Act. These schools were located in some of the most impoverished areas of my dis-trict. I listened in classrooms, held fo-rums to hear from parents and local education leaders, and spoke to teach-ers and administrators about the chal-lenges they are facing. What I heard across the board was that the Federal Government and their compliance issues in the classroom are holding back our educators from effectively teaching our students. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.018 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1130 February 25, 2015 
Top-down education mandates have 
failed to help students and have forced educators to waste valuable time and resources filling out paperwork and worrying about compliance with Fed-eral requirements. Instead of this one- size-fits-all approach, we need policies that enhance teachers’ abilities to focus on the individual needs of the students. We need bottom-up reforms that give authority to the parents, 
teachers, and local education leaders, who work with their children and stu-dents every day and who know them best. 
H.R. 5 includes a number of conserv-
ative reforms to push back against the growing reach of the Federal Govern-ment into schools and to restore local control. It replaces the current na-tional accountability system for school performance and replaces it with State-led performance standards. It gets rid of more than 65 unnecessary or ineffective Federal education pro-grams, repeals Federal requirements for teacher quality, and protects local and State autonomy over decisions in the classroom. H.R. 5 returns responsi-bility to parents, States, and local leaders to hold schools accountable in-stead of Washington bureaucrats. 
I saw that example work in a city 
that is in one of the most impoverished areas of my district, where parents ac-tually lined up at 3:30 in the morning to enroll their students into theme schools. Each elementary school was broken up into a theme. The super-intendent there had no idea that paren-tal involvement would be that signifi-cant. I was there to witness the success of this theme school concept. I asked: Where did this idea come from? It did not come from Washington. It did not come from the Federal Government. It came from the creativity of the teach-ers and from the input of the parents and of the local administrators. 
Mr. Speaker, no one knows the needs 
of students better than the people who work and spend time with them every day. By empowering parents, teachers, and local education leaders, H.R. 5 takes strong steps forward in putting the control of education back in the right hands and in helping to provide every student with the opportunity to receive a good education. There is no debate today that every child deserves a good education. The debate is wheth-er the Federal Government is in charge or whether we empower our local citi-zens to get the job done. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield to the distin-guished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its essential mission of keeping the American peo-ple safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate 
only. 
Does the gentleman from Georgia 
yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to yield for the purpose of debate only. If we can pass this rule, this rule makes in order the immediate consid-eration with the same-day authority of any funding bills that come before this House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia does not yield. 
Therefore, the unanimous consent re-quest cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
15 seconds to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
OLIS), my friend. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, this is pret-
ty immediate. We need to get this done this week. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill, that will keep the Department open so we can keep the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman from Georgia yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent re-quest? 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, if I un-
derstood my friend, he is asking that we bring up a bill that will fund what it is the court said would be illegal to fund. I cannot yield for that kind of re-quest. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent re-quest cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
10 seconds to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill, that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its vital mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman from Georgia yield for the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest? 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I am 
prepared to yield back my time when my friend is. As soon as we pass this resolution, it will be in order to bring up any additional funding bills that come before the House today, but I cannot yield during this debate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent re-quest cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished leader 
of the Democratic Caucus, for purposes as she sees fit. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill, that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentleman from Georgia has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) for the purpose of a unan-
imous consent request. 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill, that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentleman from Georgia has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ), my classmate 
and good friend, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill, that would keep the Depart-ment open so it can carry out its mis-
sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentleman from Georgia has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the distinguished gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) for the pur-
pose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill, that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentleman from Georgia has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), my classmate 
and good friend, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill, that would keep the De-partment open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American peo-ple safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentleman from Georgia has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ), a new 
Member of Congress who is on the Oversight Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.020 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1131 February 25, 2015 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to oppose H.R. 5. The legislation rep-resents a significant backward step in the efforts to help all of our Nation’s children and their families prepare for their futures. 
I speak as a parent, as a grandparent, 
and as a past school board president. H.R. 5 abandons the historic Federal role in education at elementary and secondary levels. It is the role of ensur-ing the educational process of all of America’s students, including students from low-income families, students with disabilities, English learners, and students of color. It also fails to main-tain the core expectation that States and school districts will take serious, sustained, and targeted action, when necessary, to correct achievement gaps and to reform low-performing schools. 
Additionally, H.R. 5 fails to identify 
opportunity gaps or to correct inequi-ties in access to resources and supports that students need to succeed, such as challenging academic courses, excel-lent teachers and principals, after- school enrichment or expanded learn-ing time, and other academic and non-academic supports. 
The bill’s caps on Federal education 
spending would lock in recent budget cuts for the rest of the decade, and the bill would allow funds currently re-quired to be used for education to be used for other purposes, such as spend-ing on sports stadiums or tax cuts for the wealthy. 
Finally, H.R. 5 fails to make critical 
investments for our Nation’s students, including high-quality preschool for America’s children, support for Amer-ica’s teachers and principals, and in-vestment in innovative solutions for the public education system. 
For these reasons, I oppose H.R. 5. It 
would deny Federal funds to the class-rooms that need them the most, and it fails to assure parents that policy-makers and educators will take the ac-tion students need when they are not learning. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I have not had an opportunity to 
meet the gentlewoman from Michigan, but because I serve on the Rules Com-mittee, I have had an opportunity to see all of the amendments that she has submitted for this bill. I know one of those amendments that she submitted is to make sure that all of our learning plans take special note of children in foster care and to make sure those folks are not forgotten, and I am grate-ful to her for her attention to that issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I would ask my friend 
from Florida if he has any further speakers remaining. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I do. Mr. WOODALL. Then I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), a member of the 
Financial Services Committee. Mr. ELLISON. I want to thank the 
gentleman for yielding and thank the gentleman for his long service. 
Mr. Speaker, the passage of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 was created to address the enor-mous inequality in America’s edu-cational system, which created wide-spread poverty and segregation. Today, we know that we are still not edu-
cating Black and Latino students at the same level we educate White stu-dents. Fifty years after the enactment of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act, educating all children, re-gardless of their backgrounds, is still one of the most important challenges we face as a nation. 
That is why equity must start at the 
heart of any attempt to overhaul our education system, but the Student Success Act does little to help kids in Minnesota who are struggling in schools with too few resources. Rather than eliminating the disparities in our education system, the bill today will only increase the achievement gap and leave behind students from low-income neighborhoods and students with dis-abilities. 
b1330 
Education matters, far beyond the 
individual student. Three-fourths of the return on early education goes back to the community and ensures a healthier society and more stable econ-omy. 
One of the biggest gaps in literacy in 
the U.S. is between the children of col-lege-educated and non-college-educated parents. We must be more committed to maximizing the potential of all stu-dents. Our students and teachers de-serve better. I urge that we all oppose H.R. 5 so we can create education re-form legislation that ensures every student can realize their goals and dreams. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am grateful to the chair for permit-
ting me earlier to allow Mrs. L
OWEY to 
speak to the previous question. As I in-dicated, if we are not successful in de-feating this measure then I am going to ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the R
ECORD , 
along with extraneous material, imme-diately prior to the vote on the pre-vious question, if I may. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
M
ARCHANT ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ when we get to this. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to 
yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD ), my classmate and good 
friend. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise again to urge my 
colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion on the rule, amend it, and make in order H.R. 861. We are just 3 days away from the De-
partment of Homeland Security being without the funds it needs to protect our Nation. Secretary Johnson and agency heads have warned us that if the continuing resolution to fund the Department expires, national security operations will be disrupted and essen-tial personnel will be required to work without pay. They also warn that pass-ing another CR will not address the un-certainty of being able to meet our long-term security needs. 
Democrats have a responsible solu-
tion. Two weeks ago, Appropriations Committee Ranking Member N
ITA 
LOWEY and I introduced H.R. 861, which 
contains the precise language of the November 2014 bipartisan bill nego-tiated in good faith by the chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate Homeland Security Appropria-tions Subcommittees. 
H.R. 861 is cosponsored by every 
House Democrat. This bill would pass the House, pass the Senate, and be signed into law by the President. All it needs is for the Republican leadership to do the responsible thing and bring H.R. 861 to the floor for a vote. By doing this, we will demonstrate to the American people that we know our Na-tion’s security takes priority over poli-tics and unrelated policy debates. 
To let funding for Homeland Security 
expire or, instead of a full-year funding bill, take the easy way out by kicking a viable solution down the road with a continuing resolution, is to fail the American people and the trust that they have placed in us as Members of Congress to protect them and our coun-try from harm. 
Let’s pass H.R. 861 today. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In closing, there are 3 days left until 
the Department of Homeland Security will shut down. As I have said earlier, I don’t believe that is going to happen. I believe my friends will be about the business of making sure that it does not occur. I hope they do because our country needs to make sure that we are not in any insecure position going forward. 
Notwithstanding that, the 
brinksmanship continues, and we are here considering two bills that will go nowhere. That, to me, is the state of play right now. If my friends want to pass these education measures, they need to take care of business first. And it is time to quit messing around. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a list of ex-
traordinary organizations in this coun-try that are against H.R. 5. I lift from a list that I will insert into the R
ECORD  
the names of the Congressional Tri- Caucus; the American Association of People With Disabilities; the American Association of University Women; the American Federation of Teachers; the American Foundation for the Blind; the Association of University Centers on Disabilities; the Autism National Committee; the Center for American Progress; the Children’s Defense Fund; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.021 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1132 February 25, 2015 
the Disability Rights Education & De-
fense Fund; Easter Seals, which most of us contribute to; the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network; the NAACP; the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, the National Asso-ciation of School Psychologists; and the National Down Syndrome Con-gress. 
Disability plays a major role in this 
particular legislation, and the fact that all of these organizations are standing up saying that they are opposed to it should get our attention. 
In addition, the United Negro College 
Fund, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, and the United States Chamber of Commerce. 
OPPOSITION TO H .R. 5 
Congressional Tri-Caucus, The Advocacy 
Institute, Afterschool Alliance, American- 
Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, Amer-ican Association of People with Disabilities, American Association of University Women, American Federation of Teachers, American Foundation for the Blind, Association of University Centers on Disabilities, Autism National Committee, Autistic Self Advocacy Network, Center for American Progress, Cen-ter for Law and Social Policy, Children’s De-fense Fund, Committee for Education Fund-ing, Consortium for Citizens with Disabil-ities, Council of Great City Schools, Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates, Demo-crats for Education Reform, Disability Right Education and Defense Fund. 
Easter Seals, Education Post, Education 
Law Center, First Focus Campaign for Chil-dren, Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network, Human Rights Campaign, The Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, Law-yers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Leading Educators, League of United Latin American Citizens, Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, NAACP, NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, National Association of School Physcologists, National Center for Learning Disabilities, National Council on Inde-pendent Living, National Council on Teacher Quality, The National Center on Time and Learning, National Congress of American In-dians, National Council of La Raza. 
National Coalition for Public Education, 
National Disability Rights Network, Na-tional Down Syndrome Congress, National Education Association, National Urban League, Partners for Each and Every Child, Poverty & Race Research Action Council, Public Advocates Inc., Stand for Children, Southeast Asia Resource Action Center, TASH, Teach Plus, TNTP, The Education Trust, United Negro College Fund, The Lead-ership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
Mr. HASTINGS. All of these people 
are opposed to this measure, and yet we find ourselves going forward. It is time for us to get real in this Congress, stop having closed rules, and let all of the Members in this body participate in the decisional process as we argue measures that are needed on behalf of our country. 
This is a great institution, and the 
people that serve here are absolutely wonderful people, but somehow or an-other we have gotten stuck. And by getting stuck, we are not able to do the things that are vital for the Nation. We need to unstick it and get on with the business, knowing that we can sit in a room together and come to conclusions not only about education, but about 
energy and every aspect of American life that we have a responsibility for. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I have lots of agreement with my 
friend from Florida. I always do. I am always a little surprised by how much I agree with him when he comes down here to talk, but we do need to unstick this place. 
We are talking about two issues 
today. One is H.R. 5, the Student Suc-cess Act, where every Member in this room wants to see our children suc-ceed. Every Member in this room wants to see the achievement gap closed, and yet we grapple with how to achieve that goal together. 
We have also in this rule, Mr. Speak-
er, H.R. 529. That measure passed unanimously out of the Ways and Means Committee. We found a prob-lem, and we found a solution that we could agree on together to move it for-ward. It is moving forward. 
And in the tradition of being 
unstuck, I am told that just in the last few minutes the Senate has found a pathway to move forward on a DHS funding bill. Again, we passed that bill back on January 14. The Senate has been struggling to find a pathway for-ward. I don’t mean a pathway to pass it. I mean a pathway to even debate it. Apparently, we have seen that wall be broken down here in the last few min-utes, and I am glad to hear that. 
There is a role to be played, Mr. 
Speaker. There is a role for this House to play in our constitutional Republic. There is a role for the Senate to play and there is a role for the White House to play. That is true when we are talk-ing about Federal education policy. It is true when we are talking about Homeland Security policy. It is true when we are talking about immigra-tion policy. I am not always satisfied with how well we in the House defend that constitutional prerogative. 
Again, we are here today to talk 
about H.R. 5, which is going to fix a bill passed by an entirely Republican infrastructure here in Congress that today Republicans disavow as being a terrible mistake. They wish we could have done better. I am glad we are striving to do better. It is not a Repub-lican issue, it is not a Democratic issue. It is an American issue. And what could be more American than try-ing to help our public schools succeed? 
You hear a lot of worry in this Cham-
ber, Mr. Speaker. You hear folks wor-ried that if we change this provision or if we change that provision, what will be the impact on those children who right now are threatened by a substan-tial achievement gap in this country? But in the same moment, Mr. Speaker, someone will stand up on the other side of the aisle talking about those very same children and say: If we do not change these provisions today, we will sentence these children to a lifetime of underperformance, of not being able to 
meet their full potential. 
I don’t question anyone’s motive on 
this floor. In fact, I am grateful for the passion that folks have on this floor. 
This rule is only step one of H.R. 5, 
Mr. Speaker, and I am glad for that. When my colleague from Florida spoke earlier about the closed nature of the process and how much better and brighter this institution is when the process is opened, he is exactly right. He is right every time he says it, and I am right every time I say it. It is abso-lutely true. 
It is not fast. It is not efficient. Ar-
guably, sometimes it even borders on dysfunctional. But it is the right thing to do to in order to end up with the best product that we can at the end of the day. And to the degree that we are able to do that, Mr. Speaker, I believe we will continue to strive to do that. This bill today is an example of that. 
This rule, Mr. Speaker, just so folks 
know what they are coming to vote on, doesn’t deal with the amendments to the Student Success Act. We are plan-ning on going back to the Rules Com-mittee this afternoon for a completely new hearing in order to make as many amendments as we can available to the underlying bill. This rule is only to have general debate on H.R. 5 before the amendment process begins and to have debate on H.R. 529, that bill that passed unanimously out of the Ways and Means Committee hearing. 
So often we come down here and we 
are talking about divisive issues, Mr. Speaker. I am glad to be down here today talking about something on which we can agree: a good bipartisan bill coming out of Ways and Means, an opportunity to open up the process and have voices be heard on H.R. 5 today and tomorrow. 
The gentleman from Florida had it 
right, Mr. Speaker. I am blessed to be from a part of the country where folks understand that education isn’t just something. It is everything. 
Don’t talk to me about loving oppor-
tunity in this country if you don’t have a commitment to education. Don’t talk to me about lifting folks up from this rung of the ladder to this rung of the economic ladder if you don’t have a commitment to education. And don’t talk to me about taking somebody else’s dollars and spending them on education and thinking that alone is going to create better outcomes for that child. 
You need money, absolutely you do, 
but you need that commitment locally. You need the commitment of teachers, 
you need the commitment of prin-cipals, you need the commitment of mothers and fathers. You need the commitment of communities. And we have yet to figure out how to mandate that commitment from Washington, D.C. 
I am grateful that I live in a commu-
nity where we figured out how to grow it from within. You can walk into the worst school in my district, Mr. Speak-er, and you will find folks headed off to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.022 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1133 February 25, 2015 
Stanford on scholarships—first-genera-
tion Americans; you will find folks headed off to the University of Chicago on full scholarships—folks who come from generational poverty; you will find folks headed off, of course, to the University of Georgia, the finest insti-tution in the United States, because they want to be close to their family and they want to invest in the commu-nity that has been so good to them. Hope lives there. Opportunity lives there. 
I am grateful to Chairman K
LINE and 
the folks on the Education Committee for doing what they can. It is not all that I would like to see, but to do what they can to get out of the way of those innovators in my community, to do what they can to allow folks to experi-ment with some things and find out what works, as we have, and then take those local ideas and spread those ideas locally, do what they can to prevent the Federal Government from saying: We know best how to educate children, and instead turning the Federal Gov-ernment just into a funding stream, where we can, to say: You know how to educate children. We trust you. 
So often we conflate issues in this 
body, Mr. Speaker. The issue is not that children can’t learn. They can. The issue is not that public schools can’t teach. They can and they do. But there is an issue with generational pov-erty. There is an issue with an achieve-ment gap. 
I am not sure that H.R. 5, no matter 
who crafted it and how long we work to do it, I am not sure that we can solve that problem with H.R. 5. In fact, I don’t believe that we could—not with any Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act bill. 
We are doing what we can today, and 
I hope we will be back in this institu-tion tomorrow to do more. Goodness knows, we do a lot of things in this town that disadvantage that next gen-eration of Americans. I am proud today to be working on at least one bill that will do something to advantage those young people and their future. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 121 O FFERED BY  
MR. HASTINGS OF FLORIDA  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 5. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 861) making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-
mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 6. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 861. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. WOODALL. With that, Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous ques-tion on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting House Reso-lution 121, if ordered, and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1020. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 181, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 86] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.023 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1134 February 25, 2015 
Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Byrne 
Hinojosa Lee Long McNerney 
Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Speier Wilson (FL) 
b1411 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. S IRES, and Ms. P IN-
GREE changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to 
‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). The question is on the reso-lution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 243, noes 178, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 87] 
AYES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—178 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Blumenauer 
Byrne Hinojosa Lee Long 
McNerney Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Speier Wilson (FL) 
b1418 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.004 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1135 February 25, 2015 
STEM EDUCATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1020) to define STEM edu-cation to include computer science, and to support existing STEM edu-cation programs at the National Science Foundation, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 412, nays 8, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 88] 
YEAS—412 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly 
Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus 
Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—8 
Amash 
Brat Buck Duncan (SC) 
Garrett McClintock Sanford 
Westmoreland 
NOT VOTING—12 
Byrne 
Hinojosa King (IA) Lee Long McNerney 
Rangel Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Speier Wilson (FL) 
b1429 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. REQUESTING UNANIMOUS CON-
SENT TO CALL UP H.R. 861, DE-PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the House now bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill to protect America that would keep the Department open so that we can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe and, as well, protecting our national security over political security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
guidelines consistently issued by suc-cessive Speakers, as recorded in sec-tion 956 of the House Rules and Man-ual, the Chair is constrained not to en-tertain the request unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. 
f 
SECTION 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS 
PLANS AMENDMENTS 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, pursuant to House Resolution 121, I call up the bill (H.R. 529) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove 529 plans, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 121, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be con-sidered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 529 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) When the Economic Growth and Tax Re-
lief Reconciliation Act of 2001 became law, the tax treatment of section 529 college savings plans was changed so that qualified distribu-tions were no longer taxed as income. The favor-able tax treatment of college savings plans was made permanent with the passage of the Pen-sion Protection Act of 2006. 
(2) Section 529 college savings plans empower 
middle-class families to accumulate savings to offset the rising costs of attending college. 
(3) The latest data from the College Savings 
Plan Network shows that there are 11.83 million 529 accounts open throughout all 50 states, which represent $244.5 billion in total assets. The average 529 account size is $20,671. 
(4) States that sponsor 529 college savings 
plans have taken steps to ensure these plans are a tool that all families can use to save for col-lege, including setting minimum contributions as low as $25 per month to encourage participation by families of all income levels. 
(5) The President’s fiscal year 2016 Budget 
proposes raising taxes by taxing certain future distributions made from 529 college savings plans. 
(6) The tax proposed by the President would 
discourage the use of 529 college savings plans, requiring families and students to take on more debt. 
(7) Purchase of a computer represents a sig-
nificant higher education expense and therefore 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.029 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1136 February 25, 2015 
should be eligible for qualified distributions 
under 529 college savings plans. 
(b) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this Act 
to— 
(1) enact policies that strengthen 529 college 
savings plans, and 
(2) make 529 plans more modern, consumer- 
friendly, and responsive to the realities faced by students today. 
SEC. 2. COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY AND EQUIP-
MENT PERMANENTLY ALLOWED AS A QUALIFIED HIGHER EDUCATION EX-PENSE FOR SECTION 529 ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529(e)(3)(A)(iii) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(iii) expenses for the purchase of computer or 
peripheral equipment (as defined in section 168(i)(2)(B)), computer software (as defined in section 197(e)(3)(B)), or Internet access and re-lated services, if such equipment, software, or services are to be used primarily by the bene-ficiary during any of the years the beneficiary is enrolled at an eligible educational institu-tion.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 3. ELIMINATION OF DISTRIBUTION AGGRE-
GATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529(c)(3) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraph (D). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to distributions after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 4. RECONTRIBUTION OF REFUNDED 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529(c)(3) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by sec-tion 3, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CONTRIBUTIONS OF RE -
FUNDED AMOUNTS .—In the case of a beneficiary 
who receives a refund of any qualified higher education expenses from an eligible educational institution, subparagraph (A) shall not apply to that portion of any distribution for the taxable year which is recontributed to a qualified tui-tion program of which such individual is a bene-ficiary, but only to the extent such recontribu-tion is made not later than 60 days after the date of such refund and does not exceed the re-funded amount.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
this section shall apply with respect to refunds of qualified higher education expenses after De-cember 31, 2014. 
(2) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of a refund 
of qualified higher education expenses received after December 31, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act, section 529(c)(3)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘not later than 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this subparagraph’’ for ‘‘not later than 60 days after the date of such refund’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J ENKINS ) 
and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks on H.R. 529, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chairman R
YAN for his leadership on 
this critical and timely issue and my colleague Congressman K
INDof Wis-
consin for 4 years of bipartisan efforts to encourage families to invest for their children’s future. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 529, my 
legislation that reaffirms Congress’ commitment to not only preserving, but strengthening, expanding, and modernizing 529 college savings plans. 
Currently, there are nearly 12 million 
529 accounts open in all 50 States. Con-sidering there were only 1 million ac-counts open in 2001, the growth in pop-ularity of these accounts is truly re-markable and is still on an upward tra-jectory. 
The popularity of 529 accounts among 
American families is no mystery. High-er education costs across the country are rising at a pace that exceeds the rate of inflation, and folks are looking for ways to plan responsibly for the fu-ture. 
A 2014 Gallup Poll of America’s top 
financial concerns showed that among adults between the ages of 30 and 49, ‘‘not having enough money to pay for your children’s college’’ is a top con-cern for families, trailing only retire-ment concerns. 
It is natural that folks would turn to-
ward 529 savings accounts. These ac-counts are easy to set up and use and accountholders can make a monthly contribution as small as $10 to invest to their children’s future on a tax-de-ferred basis. 
The 12 million 529 accounts today 
have an average balance of around $20,000, which will go a long way to-ward helping families offset college costs and helping students to begin their careers with a lighter debt bur-den. 
When the President proposed a plan 
in his 2016 budget to tax future dis-tributions from 529 savings accounts, Members on both sides of the aisle were appalled. 
His billion-dollar tax proposal on 
families saving for college would have completely eliminated the purpose of saving responsibly for higher education in the first place and would have inevi-tably moved more students toward stu-dent loans and other sources of finan-cial aid. 
We fundamentally disagree with the 
direction of the President’s policy pro-posal, and instead, we want to make 529 college savings plans more con-sumer friendly and reflective of the re-alities faced by students today. 
This legislation will make computer 
purchases with 529 plans a qualified ex-pense. Computers are an essential part of higher education, and the law should be updated to reflect that. 
A Pew Research Center report in 2011 
found that a vast majority of under-graduate, graduate, and community college students use some sort of com-
puter to participate in a college experi-ence that now features online courses, class work, and e-textbooks. I believe this is a commonsense modernization measure. 
The bill will also remove distribution 
aggregation requirements, which are an outdated burden on 529 plan admin-istrators and States. When 529 college savings plans were originated back in 1996, the funds were taxed before they were deposited into the account and then taxed a second time when they were used to pay for higher education expenses. 
At that time, it made sense for plan 
administrators to aggregate accounts for beneficiaries with multiple 529 ac-counts in order to determine the tax-able dollars dispersed among the ac-counts. 
However, the law was changed back 
in 2001 so that 529 savings are only taxed once now, before they are put into the 529 account. The only taxable funds at disbursement are for non-qualified expenses. According to a GAO report from 2012 that has the most re-cent data on the topic, nonqualified distributions from 529 plans only made up 5.3 percent of total distributions in 2010. 
Because of the past changes to tax 
treatment of 529s, it no longer makes sense for plan administrators to aggre-gate these accounts for tax purposes. It represents an undue burden, which could potentially raise the administra-tive cost for operating these plans. This is why this legislation will remove these requirements. 
Finally, the bill will allow a student 
who receives a refund on any 529 quali-fied expenses to redeposit those funds into their 529 without penalty. 
Refunds of 529 dollars could happen 
for any number of reasons: a student may withdraw from a certain course, 
may receive a scholarship offer or other financial aid after their 529 plans have already been used, or may have to withdraw from school because of an ill-ness. 
Whatever the reasons, subjecting 
these funds to a penalty works against the spirit of 529 college savings plans, and this bill will correct that. 
These are sensible yet important im-
provements to 529 college savings plans that should receive resounding support from both sides of the aisle. As we con-tinue our work in the House to em-power hardworking families with bot-toms-up solutions, I urge my col-leagues to support the passage of this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am a strong supporter of 529 college 
savings plans. When I cochaired the Education and Family Tax Working Group with Representative D
IANE 
BLACK from Tennessee during the 113th 
Congress, we heard from education stakeholders that education tax bene-fits should reflect a three-legged stool 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.012 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1137 February 25, 2015 
with one leg helping families save for 
college, one leg helping families pay for college, and one leg helping fami-lies repay college. 
College is, indeed, expensive, and it is 
a wise public investment to use Federal incentives to encourage families to save for college. 
H.R. 529 makes three important im-
provements to 529 accounts: one, it makes computer technology an allow-able expense; two, it improves the cal-culation for taxing distributions to better reflect one’s earnings; and, three, it allows distributions that are refunded by a college upon a student’s withdrawal to be reinvested in 529 ac-counts within 60 days without being subject to a tax. 
I support these important improve-
ments to 529 education plans. In addi-tion, I hope that the Republican leader-ship will advance the bill’s sister bill, the Savings Enhancement for Edu-cation in College Act, which was H.R. 529 in the last Congress and also cham-pioned by Representatives J
ENKINS and 
KIND. 
This former H.R. 529 bill includes the 
two substantive improvements to 529s that advocates explain would best help middle-income families save more for college. 
We know that low- and moderate-in-
come families have a harder time sav-ing for college because they have less extra cash available to put away in a savings account. 
The Savings Enhancement for Edu-
cation in College Act would substan-tially help low- and middle-income families save by allowing low-income taxpayers to take advantage of the sav-er’s credit and allowing employers to match up to $600 a year in 529 contribu-tions. 
I think that these provisions are ex-
cellent. The saver’s credit currently helps offset part of the first $2,000 that low-income workers voluntarily con-tribute to IRA and 401(k) plans. Ex-tending this tax benefit for 529 plans is a commonsense way to help increase college savings by low- and moderate- income families. 
Further, I think that the employer 
match is an especially promising tool to improve college savings by lower-in-come Americans because it adds $600 a family didn’t have for college before that can grow and support education over time. 
These two improvements are needed 
because the savings data show that 529 savings have dropped tremendously since 2009. From 2005 to 2009, around 60 percent of the accounts saw contribu-tions; however, in the last few years, the account contributions have been closer to 45 percent. 
I am a bit surprised that these sub-
stantive improvements are not in-cluded in the bill before us today, and I truly hope that Republican leadership will advance these 529 provisions that would tremendously improve savings for lower- and middle-income Ameri-cans. In the interest of fairness, I also hope 
that we make computer technology an allowable expense for the American op-portunity tax credit. 
Currently, computers and software 
are not qualified expenses for the AOTC, and I think that the definition of qualified expenses should be uniform across 529s and AOTC benefits. These are all great improvements that have, in fact, been made. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1445 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield as much time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), the chair of the House 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
it won’t be all that much time. I just simply want to congratulate the gen-tlelady from Kansas on bringing this legislation forward. We brought this out of committee. We had no resistance because this is just a commonsense bill. 
This upgrades the law to reflect the 
realities of a college education. You ought to be able to buy a computer. You ought to be able to buy software with your college savings dollars be-cause it is an essential ingredient to your education. 
More importantly, if a person gets a 
refund if they cancel a class, if for some reason the college rebates money to you, you ought to be able to put it back into your savings plan. These are commonsense ideas that make this im-portant vehicle for savings more work-able and reflects the common problems that people have in this 21st century. 
It is essential that we give people and 
families the ability to save for edu-cation. This bill also sends a signal: we believe in the 529 plans; 529 plans are going to stay; they are a good thing; we are not going to attack them; we are going to develop and grow them. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I am pleased to yield 4 min-utes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND), who is a cosponsor of this 
legislation and a tireless advocate for education. 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
friend from Illinois for yielding me this time. 
I want to thank my partner in 
crafting this legislation, Representa-tive J
ENKINS . This has been the product 
of a few years of hard work, of listen-ing to various outside groups and try-ing to understand the difficulty of sav-ing for higher education that many working families are experiencing today. 
The legislation before us, H.R. 529, as 
the chairman of the committee just pointed out, is a commonsense proposal with some reasonable technical correc-tions to the 529 savings plans that al-ready exist in all 50 States, allowing for the qualification expense for com-puters and software, which is a new learning tool that sometimes is re-quired in the classroom for higher edu-cation. It allows for the refund of tui-
tion and expenses if you had to with-draw from college for some reason, and it also reduces and minimizes the un-necessary bureaucratic and administra-tive paperwork. In that respect, there are some commonsense steps that we can do to modernize the 529 program and make sure that it is working for more families. 
I do agree with my colleague from Il-
linois that we have a challenge of try-ing to democratize these programs a lot more. We have roughly 3 percent participation rate in 529s throughout the entire Nation. We have got to fig-ure out a way to do a better job of in-creasing those savings opportunities for more families, but especially lower income families that don’t have the disposable income right now in order to participate in these programs, whether it is the tax credit that Representative D
AVIS was talking about, employer 
matches, by thinking creatively of how we can democratize these so more fam-ilies can take advantage of them. That is going to be crucial. 
In Wisconsin alone, we have got 
roughly 257,000 accounts in the State Edvest program and Tomorrow’s Schol-ar 529 plans. The families have saved about $3.7 billion for college or their technical schools, reducing the need for greater student loans, helping them ac-cess college. These programs not only encourage savings for college but help middle class families get in the habit of saving for other important life events, such as retirement, that we have to do a better job at. 
I also think, given that the Congres-
sional Budget Office has a cost associ-ated with it, which is roughly $5 mil-lion a year—not a lot in Federal budget terms—that there is no reason at all why we couldn’t have brought this leg-islation to the floor today with an ac-ceptable pay-for so we are not adding any deficit to future generations. 
In fact, again, Representative D
AVIS 
offered, during the committee markup, a responsible amendment that would have done a better job of means testing the 529 contributions and cutting it off to families that earn up to $3 million. Now, to put this in perspective, the top 1 percent of income earners in Wis-consin earn less than $1 million. So it was still a very generous, high thresh-old, but it was enough money to pay for the $51 million expense over the next 10 years that the Congressional Budget Office scored this at. There is no reason why we can’t be making these type of tough decisions as well when it comes to policy changes that make sense for working families and act in a more fiscally responsible man-ner. 
I think these 529 accounts have been 
established. They do work well for those who can participate. And this is especially important for a State like Wisconsin today, whose Governor just submitted a budget proposal calling for a cut of over $300 million out of our university system, a university system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.033 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1138 February 25, 2015 
that is really the pride and joy of the 
State of Wisconsin, has given us a com-petitive advantage, not only in the upper Midwest, but throughout the Na-tion and the world, where we had some of the top scholars and researchers wanting to come there to do their work, students wanting to stay in the State so they can participate in these UW system colleges and universities that we have. 
Obviously, the Governor wants to 
take it in a different direction; $300 million worth of cuts gets into the bone. So, again, we have got to think creatively of how we can make it af-fordable for families to be able to send their kids on to school. This is one way to do it: savings in 529s. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. I 
yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman. 
We ought not also ignore other im-
portant financial aid programs that es-pecially speak to the needs of low-in-come children: the Pell grant program, work-study opportunities on and off campus, the GEAR UP and TRIO pro-grams. This, too, helps many stu-dents—including myself, who is the first generation that went on to school—to be able to afford higher edu-cation so we are not driving these kids deeper and deeper into debt. The aver-age undergrad in Wisconsin, by the time they graduate, has $28,000 worth of debt. It is the second largest debt in the Nation behind mortgages. At $1.2 trillion, it exceeds all credit card debt. 
So the 529 is another vehicle to try to 
alleviate that student indebtedness issue that is affecting more and more kids and families throughout the Na-tion. We ought to fix it by making a pay-for. This is a good first step, nec-essary policy changes. I encourage my colleagues to support the legislation. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield as much time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), an esteemed member of 
the House Committee on Ways and Means and subcommittee chair of the Subcommittee on Oversight. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlelady for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, do you notice some-
thing? Did you notice that, as Speaker and the person who is presiding over this Chamber today, oftentimes you hear a great deal of difficulty between the two parties and a lot of wrangling and a lot of different positions and so forth that manifests itself in arguing and so forth, but did you notice some-thing? You are hearing both sides of the aisle coming before you and com-ing before this House and saying the same thing, and that is we ought to move H.R. 529. 
There is a recognition, and I think 
my constituency in suburban Chicago is breathing a collective sigh of relief right now because they are saying: 
Hey, people are paying attention to things that matter to me and matter to my future and matter to my chil-dren, that is, they are taking a bill or a provision in the law that has been successful and they are improving it. They are bringing it up to date under the leadership of the gentlelady from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ), and she is joined 
by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), and everybody is 
coming together around that idea that says 529s need to be protected and de-fended. And we need to make sure that they are kept up to date, because back home this makes all the difference in the world. I think this is one of these types of moments that is very signifi-cant and that we can build on. 
I thank the gentlelady for her leader-
ship. I thank Mr. D
AVIS for his, and I 
rise in strong support of this measure. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Illinois, I thank the gentlelady, and I thank the Speaker. 
It is good news to be able to come on 
the floor of the House and be able to speak to hardworking parents and the basis of all of our joy when we are giv-ing an opportunity for our young peo-ple to be able to participate in higher learning, in this instance, college edu-cation. The 529 fix, if you will, deals with the savings accounts and tax-free disbursements for the purpose of pay-ing for college tuition, purchasing col-lege credits, and other qualified edu-cational expenses. 
I do want to join my colleague from 
Wisconsin and add that the idea of other equipment dealing with the new technology special needs services is crucial. 
I want to thank Mr. D
AVIS for his as-
tute work in the committee, looking to make this a little bit more balanced. Certainly we are appreciative of those who have been successful and have achieved financial success. I enjoy that. But I do think with our concern about a deficit—which, by the way, has been reduced substantially under Presi-dent Barack Obama—that this idea that Mr. D
AVIS had would have been a 
worthy inclusion into this legislation. 
However, I am grateful, again, that 
we are now high tech and the 529 ac-counts include computers and software as qualified educational expenses. It would also allow for refunded tuition, educational expenses, particularly if a student withdraws due to illness. 
I was talking to one of my young 
people, college students, and also my husband is a part of the team of higher education and sees it all the time where youngsters leave because they are ill and fail to let the professor know, and all of a sudden they are run-ning up a bill. 
I do want to say that this fix is ur-
gent because we need to help people save, but it is also urgent, Mr. Speaker, 
that we immediately move to put the Homeland Security funding on the floor of the House. I had asked yester-day for it to be immediately put on the floor of the House last night or today in order to do our duty, and our duty is to ensure the safety and security of this Nation. 
It is sad for me to note that those 
like Border Patrol agents and ICE agents and TSOs whom we pass by every day will be some of those who will be unpaid. They are essential, and we will go past them and thank them for their services—I often do in air-ports across America—but yet we will stand here and not have a resolution and a solution to pay them their sal-ary. 
We had a hearing today in Judiciary. 
I was very glad to note that I think the weight was on the side of the President that he had constitutional authority, that he is not rendering any immigra-tion status, that he is doing what he is allowed under the law; the Attorney General is allowed to have discretion as to employment status; no benefits will be conveyed on these individuals; and, frankly, we have an emergency and we need to pass that bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. I 
yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentlelady from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I won’t take 
that. I thank the gentleman for his kindness. 
Let me just say that I think we ap-
propriately are on the floor dealing with H.R. 529. I again thank the work of the Committee on Ways and Means ranking members and, as well, the ranking member and chairman of the full committee. 
But as we frame the work that this 
Congress must do, I don’t know how we stand here on Wednesday, 24 to 48 hours out from a collapse of the Department of Homeland Security, no funding, and actually are here and looking out at the face of first responders and those who are on the front lines of borders, airports, FAA, ICE officers, and we would stand and hold hostage these hardworking Americans who, in this climate when we are looking to malls or we are hearing, seeing videos and various charges of those who want to do harm, that we would not want an or-derly process for 5 million people who have about 14 items—14 items—that they must comply with to even be eli-gible, but 5 million people who simply want us to know that they are here and they are here to do good and not to do harm. That is an orderly process for knowing how to secure this Nation. 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
Illinois. 
With that, I ask for a vote for H.R. 
529 and H.R. 5 and the funding of Home-land Security. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded not to traffic the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.034 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1139 February 25, 2015 
well while another Member is under 
recognition. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), our majority leader. 
b1500 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I want to thank the 
gentlewoman for yielding and for her work on 529 and bringing this bill to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, during the President’s 
speech on the State of the Union, he presented what he called ‘‘middle class economics.’’ It didn’t take long for peo-ple to realize that the President’s plan meant taxing the middle class to pay for bigger government and pipe dream projects. Nothing demonstrated this anti-middle class agenda more than the President’s plan to attack education opportunity for middle class families by taxing 529 saving accounts. Now, after families cried out against the President’s plan, he dropped it, and I am happy about that. The President has rightly chosen to not do harm, but now he should work with the House to do some positive good. 
My wife and I have two children— 
Connor and Meghan. Connor is in col-lege today, and Meghan is a senior about to enter college. When we found out, with joy, that we were to have children, we didn’t have much great wealth, but we started putting away $50 a month. Why? Because we dreamt like every other American. It was no longer what you could become but what opportunities your children will have. 
Education has been the great equal-
izer in this country, and there is no greater way to do that than by allow-ing those who may not have great wealth but who have a great oppor-tunity with their children to have a 529 account. But, like anything, we should modernize it because education changes just as technology has changed. 
Could you imagine today sending 
your children to college but telling them to learn without having a com-puter? Isn’t that a part of the edu-cation system, too? That is what this 529 account will also expand to. So, today, when we talk on the floor, it is really about the future, but it is about the future of every single family from every walk of life. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I differ with the 
President on many issues, and I would say the majority of this House differs with the President in that he would tax every parent or every grandparent who wanted to put away for a brighter fu-ture for their child or grandchild. Luckily, he turned back. Today is a chance to work with us, to work with us on a greater America with some-thing that is stronger. What that means today is that we can all join so the 21st century can be even stronger, and we can keep the promise we made to every American—that every genera-tion will improve on the generation be-fore him. That is the opportunity that 
this 529 account gives us. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I agree with my colleague from Illi-
nois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) that this is, indeed, 
a bipartisan piece of legislation and that it is good for higher education and for those who are attempting to access it. 
I want to commend Ms. J
ENKINS and 
Mr. K INDfor their leadership in devel-
oping it. I agree with its purpose, and I urge its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle for engaging in this informative and productive de-bate. If America is going to remain competitive, I cannot imagine a more important thing than maintaining the affordability of higher education. There is much to be done, but today’s vote is a critical and simple step that Congress should take to empower folks to save for higher education and, ulti-mately, to make it more attainable for more hardworking Americans. 
I hope that Congress passes this leg-
islation today with the broad support that it deserves so that we can give American families an improved way to invest in their 529 college savings plans. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, as a sup-
porter of 529 college savings plans—including the College Savings Plans of Maryland—I am pleased to support today’s legislation, which makes three common sense technical changes to these valuable savings tools. 
First, HR 529 makes the purchase of a 
computer and internet access a qualified ex-pense for 529 accounts, reflecting the reality that computers and the internet are a modern necessity for today’s college students. Sec-ond, the bill allows students who receive re-funds from colleges to reinvest those refunds back into their 529 accounts, provided that re-investment occurs within 60 days of a student leaving college. And finally, the bill eliminates the existing aggregation requirement for pur-poses of calculating distributions that are in-cludible in a beneficiary’s taxable income. 
Mr. Speaker, unlike other tax bills that have 
come before us recently, today’s legislation does not seek to permanently extend tem-porary provisions of the code without paying for that permanence—and it does not add tens of billions of dollars to the national debt. Rath-er, HR 529 makes several modest improve-ments to a program already permanently au-thorized in law—and it does so at a much lower cost. 
Accordingly, I will cast a yes vote. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I will vote 
for H.R. 529, a bill that would expand section 529 college savings plans, when it passed the House today. I strongly believe in improving access to higher education, and encouraging families to save for college is a critical part of this in an era of rising tuition costs and deep-
ening student debt. Since 1996, 529 plans have saved American families more than $225 billion. H.R. 529 makes several changes to update 529 plans, including removing pen-alties for students who are forced to withdraw from college and expanding the eligible uses. While I will vote for this bill, I wish this Con-gress would do more. The cost of higher edu-cation continues to increase and millions of American students carry non-dischargeable debt that totals over $1 trillion. At the same time, my Republican colleagues have slashed Pell grants, refused to provide students with the low interest rates granted to America’s big-gest banks, and continue to support predatory, for-profit institutions that shortchange our most vulnerable students. I support the modest im-provements in H.R. 529, but I urge my col-leagues to take up further measures to im-prove access to college and reduce student loan debt. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 121, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. I am op-
posed to it in its current form. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will report the motion to 
recommit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ted Lieu of California moves to recom-
mit the bill H.R. 529 to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 5. PARENTS’ RIGHT TO KNOW COST OF BRO-
KERAGE FEES AND IMPACT ON LONG-TERM SAVINGS. 
Section 529(d) of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘R EPORTS .—Each officer’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘R EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each officer’’, and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) F EES.—Each such officer or employee 
shall make an annual report to each des-ignated beneficiary of an account under such program— 
‘‘(A) disclosing the type and amount of fees 
with respect to such account, 
‘‘(B) demonstrating the impact of such fees 
on the investment returns of such account over a 10-year and 20-year period, and 
‘‘(C) disclosing the range of fees for invest-
ments available to accounts under such pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 6. RATES OF RETURN AND LOW FEES. 
Section 529 of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(g) R
ATES OF RETURN AND LOWFEES.— 
Each officer or employee having control of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.035 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1140 February 25, 2015 
the qualified tuition program shall take such 
steps as are necessary to ensure, to the ex-tent practicable, high rates of return and low fees under such program.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, this is a final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Let me start by thanking my Repub-
lican colleagues for introducing this bill. It makes changes to 529 plans that many on my side of the aisle have also been calling on for years. I support 529 plans, as do many of my constituents. It helps people plan and pay for college, and my wife and I currently invest in 529 plans. 
There is one amendment to this bill 
that, I believe, will make it far better, and that is disclosure. The motion to recommit would put in an amendment that says that there has to be a sepa-rate report that talks about the types and numbers of fees and how much these fees are and how they impact the performance of the product over 10 to 20 years. 
Prior to entering politics, I served as 
a corporate vice president at a finan-cial services company, and it is clear that the foundation upon which Wall Street rests is disclosure. It is the so-cial compact that Wall Street has with Main Street. It is the compact that they have with investors in that they will describe a product—how it works, the fees on that product, and how it performs. By having a separate report that parents can see, one that talks about the fees on these products and how these fees impact the performance, it will allow middle class families to better gauge for themselves how their investments are doing and which in-vestments to select. Does this makes a difference? Yes, it does. Let me give you an example. 
Savingforcollege.com offers this sce-
nario: 
If an annual return for a 529 account 
is 7 percent and if one account charges 20 basis points and another charges 40 basis points, here is the difference on an investment of $5,000: over the course of 18 years, the 529 plan charging the lower fees will save the investor $542. The underlying bill would change exist-ing law to allow 529 funds to be used to purchase a laptop computer for school, and $542 would allow you to buy a laptop. 
Right now, every State has different 
rules for disclosure, and they have dif-ferent fees. For example, in my State of California, we have relatively low fees that range between $142 to $154 over 10 years, but then you have States like Montana and Arkansas, which have some of the highest low-end fees, which could range between $1,100 to $1,200 over 10 years. That makes a huge difference to middle class families. I urge my colleagues to support this 
motion to recommit, which merely provides disclosure to middle class families so they can better understand their 529 plans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
This motion would do the exact oppo-
site of what this legislation is trying to accomplish. This bill is attempting to simplify 529s, but this motion would add unneeded complexity, leading to fewer people saving for a college edu-cation. It would burden all families who are saving as well as burden States and plan administrators with more red tape. As the former State treasurer of Kansas, I believe I can offer a unique insight from my experiences with 529 plan administration. 
This simply adds an undo administra-
tive burden. It increases the costs, which would leave less money for stu-dents to spend on their higher edu-cation costs. It seems to mandate the increase of rates of return, and Con-gress should not be in the business of setting the risk of a personal invest-ment. It increases administrative ex-penses, and it goes in the opposite di-rection of the underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to defeat this motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 176, nays 243, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 89] 
YEAS—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NAYS—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.007 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1141 February 25, 2015 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Byrne 
Costa Hinojosa Lee Long Lynch 
McNerney Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Speier Wilson (FL) 
b1541 
Mrs. BLACKBURN, Messrs. LAB-
RADOR, ISSA, SANFORD, Ms. SINEMA, Messrs. DUFFY, WALDEN, FLORES, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi 
changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER  
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to 
reiterate the announcement of March 25, 2014, concerning floor practice. 
Members should periodically rededi-
cate themselves to the core principles of proper parliamentary practice that are so essential in maintaining order and deliberacy here in the House. The Chair believes that a few of these prin-ciples bear emphasis today. 
Members should refrain from traf-
ficking in the well when another, in-cluding the presiding officer, is ad-dressing the House. 
Members should wear appropriate 
business attire during all sittings of the House, however brief their appear-ance on the floor may be. 
Members should refrain from engag-
ing in still photography or audio or video recording in the Chamber. Tak-ing unofficial photographs detracts from the dignity of the proceedings and presents security and privacy chal-lenges for the House. 
Members who wish to speak on the 
floor should respectfully seek and ob-tain recognition from the presiding of-
ficer, taking the time to do so in prop-er form, including 1-minutes. The prop-er form would be to ask unanimous consent to address the House for 1 minute. 
b1545 
Members should take care to yield 
and reclaim time in an orderly fashion, bearing in mind that the Official Re-porters of Debate cannot properly tran-scribe two Members simultaneously. 
Members should address their re-
marks in debate to the presiding offi-cer and not to others in the second per-son or to some perceived viewing audi-ence. 
Members should not embellish the of-
fering of a motion, the entry of a re-quest, the making of a point of order, or the entry of an appeal with any statement of motive or other com-mentary, and should be aware that such utterances could render the mo-tion, request, point of order, or appeal untimely. 
Members should attempt to come to 
the floor within the 15-minute period as prescribed by the first ringing of the bells. This has been an ongoing prob-lem and Members should make every attempt to be here within the pre-scribed 15 minutes. Members should be advised that if they are in the Chamber attempting to vote, the Chair will try to accommodate them. But as a point of courtesy to each of your colleagues, voting within the allotted time would help with the maintenance of the insti-tution. 
Following these basic standards of 
practice will foster an atmosphere of mutual and institutional respect. It will ensure against personal confronta-tion, among individual Members or be-tween Members and the presiding offi-cer. It will facilitate Members’ com-prehension of, and participation in, the business of the House. It will enable ac-curate transcriptions of proceedings. In sum, it will ensure the comity that ele-vates spirited deliberations above mere argument. 
The Chair appreciates the attention 
of the Members to these matters. 
Without objection, 5-minute voting 
will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER. This is a 5-minute 
vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 401, noes 20, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 90] 
AYES—401 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt 
Aguilar Allen 
Amash Amodei 
Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight 
Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.008 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1142 February 25, 2015 
Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—20 
Clarke (NY) 
Ellison Fudge Grijalva Hastings Hoyer Johnson, E. B. Jones 
Kaptur McCollum Napolitano Pocan Richmond Rush Schrader 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—11 
Byrne 
Costa Hinojosa Lee Long 
McNerney Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Speier Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE 
of Texas) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. 
b1552 
Ms. BASS changed her vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote today because of a serious ill-ness in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 84, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 85, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 86, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 87, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 88, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 89, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 90. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN 
STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 124 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
bers be and are hereby elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
(1) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— 
Mrs. Capps and Mr. Polis. 
(2) C OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY .—Mr. Takano and Mr. Foster. 
(3) C OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS .—Ms. 
Clarke of New York. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 121 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to pre-
side over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1558 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to sup-port State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE) and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. S COTT) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today in strong support of H.R. 
5, the Student Success Act. This week, we have an opportunity to advance bold reforms that will strengthen K–12 education for children across America. 
A great education can be the great 
equalizer. It can open doors to unlim-ited possibilities and provide students the tools they need to succeed in life. 
Every child in every school deserves an excellent education, yet, Mr. Chair-man, we are failing to provide every child that opportunity. 
Today, approximately one out of five 
students drops out of high school, and many who do graduate are going to col-lege or entering the workforce with a subpar education. The number of stu-dents proficient in reading and math is abysmal. The achievement gap sepa-rating minority students from their peers is appalling. Parents have little to no options to rescue their children from failing schools. 
A broken education system has 
plagued families for decades. Year after year, policymakers lament the prob-lems and talk about solutions, and once in a while, a law is enacted that promises to improve our education sys-tem. 
Unfortunately, past efforts have 
largely failed because they are based on the idea that Washington knows what is best for children. We have dou-bled down on this approach repeatedly, and it is not working. 
Federal mandates dictate how to 
gauge student achievement, how to de-fine qualified teachers, how to spend money at the State and local levels, and how to improve underperforming schools. And now, thanks to the un-precedented overreach of the current administration, the Department of Education is dictating policies con-cerning teacher evaluations, academic standards, and more. 
No one questions whether parents, 
teachers, and local education leaders are committed to their students, yet there are some who question whether they are capable of making the best de-cisions for their students. 
Success in school should be deter-
mined by those who teach inside our classrooms, by administrators who un-derstand the challenges facing their communities, by parents who know better than anyone the needs of their children. If every child is going to re-ceive a quality education, then we need to place less faith—less faith—in the Secretary of Education and more faith in parents, teachers, and State and local leaders. That is why I am a proud sponsor of the Student Success Act. 
By reducing the Federal footprint, 
restoring local control, and empow-ering parents and education leaders, this commonsense bill will move our country in a better direction. 
b1600 
The Student Success Act provides 
States and school districts more flexi-bility to fund local priorities, not Washington’s priorities. The legisla-tion eliminates dozens of ineffective or duplicative programs so that each dol-lar makes a direct, meaningful, and lasting impact in classrooms. The bill strengthens accountability by replac-ing the current national scheme with State-led accountability systems, re-turning to States the responsibility to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.010 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1143 February 25, 2015 
measure student performance and im-
prove struggling schools. The Student Success Act also ensures parents have the information they need to hold their 
schools accountable. It is their tax money, but more importantly, it is their children, and they deserve to know how their schools are performing. 
Mr. Chairman, the bill reaffirms that 
choice is a powerful lifeline for families with children in failing schools by ex-tending the magnet school program, expanding access to high quality char-ter schools, and allowing Federal funds to follow low-income students to the traditional, public, or public charter school of the parents’ choice. 
Finally, the Student Success Act 
reins in the authority of the Secretary of Education. We must stop the Sec-retary from unilaterally imposing his will on schools, and this bill will do just that. Perhaps, Mr. Chairman, that is why the White House and powerful special interests are teaming up to de-feat this legislation. They fear the bill will lead to less control in Washington and more control in States and school districts. Let me assure the American people: that is precisely what this bill will do. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to help all children, regardless of back-ground, income, or ZIP Code, to receive an excellent education by supporting the Student Success Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 5, a bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, ESEA, a landmark civil rights law enacted under President Lyndon B. Johnson. As we approach the 50-year anniversary of its enactment, we can-not take lightly ESEA’s mission, goals, and achievements over the course of five decades. It is by that yardstick of history that we must judge H.R. 5 today and determine if it will move our education system closer to meeting the challenges of the 21st century and pre-pare our students for the global econ-omy. 
We all know too well that quality 
education is even more vital today than it was generations ago. In our rap-idly changing economy, our Nation’s continued success depends on a well- educated workforce. A competitive and educated workforce strengthens the very social fabric of America: people with higher levels of education are less likely to be unemployed, less likely to need public assistance, less likely to become a teen parent, and less likely to get caught up in the criminal justice system. Over the course of ESEA’s his-tory, we have recognized that for many politically disconnected populations, equitable access to an education has not been a reality. It was necessary for the Federal Government to fill in the gaps of funding our public school sys-tems. 
Inequality was inevitable when most 
school systems are funded by real es-tate taxes, and further by virtue of the 
fact that in our democratic society, we respond to political pressure. For 50 years, Congress has recognized that low-income students were not getting their fair share of the pie and that sup-plemental resources were absolutely necessary to ensure that all children had access to quality public education. As a result, Congress has a long-standing policy to target our limited Federal funding to schools and stu-dents who get left behind in an unequal system. 
Mr. Chairman, one of this bill’s most 
troubling provisions, which strikes at the heart of ESEA’s long history of targeting resources to our neediest stu-dents, is the so-called portability pro-vision. Now, present law gives greater weight to funding in areas of high con-centration of poverty. Under H.R. 5, portability, a State agency could use all of its title I funds to districts based solely on the percentage of poor chil-dren, regardless of the concentration of poor people in a district. 
As a result, much of the title I sup-
port intended towards those areas of concentration of poverty would be re-allocated to those wealthier areas. In other words, the low-income areas would get less, and the wealthy areas would get more. I ask: If that is the so-lution, then I wonder what you think the problem was? Analysis from a num-ber of organizations, including the De-partment of Education, demonstrates title I portability will take money from the poorer schools and school dis-tricts and give more to affluent dis-tricts. This disproportionately affects students of color, and this is just sim-ply wrong. 
Data shows that H.R. 5 would provide 
the largest 33 school districts with the highest concentration of Black and Hispanic students over $3 billion less in Federal funding than the President’s budget over the next 6 years. Further-more, the Center for American Progress found in its review of port-ability that districts with high con-centrations of poverty could lose an av-erage of $85 per student, while the more affluent areas would gain more than $290 per student. 
There is an overwhelming body of re-
search that shows that targeting re-sources to schools and districts with the highest concentrations of poverty is an effective way to mitigate the ef-fects of poverty. Current law reflects this evidence and targets funding to schools where there are greater con-centrations of poverty, and this bill rolls the clock back and reverses that. 
To add insult to injury, H.R. 5 elimi-
nates what is called maintenance of ef-fort, a requirement of ESEA that States maintain their effort and that the Federal money will supplement what they are doing. As a result of this bill, States could use their education funds to fund tax cuts or other nonedu-cation initiatives, thus turning ESEA into a glorified slush fund where poli-tics would drive funding allocations. And we know who is going to lose when 
politics are at play—our children. 
There are other flaws with H.R. 5. 
This bill sets no standards for college or career readiness and allows students with disabilities to be taught with less-er standards. It limits our investment in education over the next 6 years be-cause there are no adjustments for in-flation. It block grants important pro-grams, diluting the purpose and the outcome. Taken as a whole, these poli-cies will have a disproportionate im-pact on students of color, students with disabilities, and our English language learners. It is no wonder that business groups, labor groups, civil rights, dis-abilities, and education groups have all expressed deep concerns about this leg-islation. 
Mr. Chairman, I stand in strong op-
position to H.R. 5, as it will turn the clock back on American public edu-cation. In its current form, the bill abandons the fundamental principles of equity and accountability in our edu-cation system, it eviscerates education funding, it fails to support our edu-cators, and it leaves our children ill- prepared for success in the classroom and beyond. Therefore, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, it is now 
my great pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Early Childhood, Ele-mentary, and Secondary Education. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman for his great leadership on this bill and in the committee gen-erally. 
I rise in strong support this after-
noon because every student, Mr. Chair-man, every student deserves an effec-tive teacher, an engaging classroom, and a quality education that paves the path for a bright and prosperous fu-ture. That is what we all want. Unfor-tunately, despite the best of inten-tions, the Nation’s current K–12 edu-cation law has failed to provide stu-dents this fundamental right. In fact, the law has only gotten in the way. 
Far from taking us back to the past, 
this bill will take us to the future, where we should have been for a while now in terms of education, so that we can maintain competitiveness with the rest of the world and win in the 21st century. 
No Child Left Behind’s onerous re-
quirements and the Obama administra-tion’s waiver scheme and pet projects have created a one-size-fits-all system that hinders innovation and stymies local efforts to improve student learn-ing. As a result, too many young adults leave high school today without basic knowledge in reading, math, and science. They are ill-equipped to com-plete college and compete in the work-force, and consequently they are de-prived of one of the best opportunities they have to earn a lifetime of success. We shouldn’t shackle any student to that kind of future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.046 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1144 February 25, 2015 
Americans have settled for the status 
quo for far too long, and today we have an opportunity to chart the new course. The Student Success Act de-parts from the top-down approach that has inefficiently and ineffectively gov-erned elementary and secondary edu-cation and restores that responsibility to its rightful stewards: parents, teach-ers, State and local education leaders, and the local taxpayers. 
First, the bill gets the Federal gov-
ernment out of the business of running our schools. It eliminates the dizzying maze of Federal mandates that has dic-tated local decisions and downsizes the bloated bureaucracy at the Department of Education that has focused on what Washington wants rather than what students need. The whole theme of this bill is that we trust teachers, parents, local education officials, and our local taxpayers much more than we would ever trust a Federal bureaucrat. 
Mr. Chairman, I find it funny that 
the other side, those who are against this bill, actually cite the Department of Education in arguing what a bad bill this is. Imagine a Federal bureaucrat actually arguing to devolve its power back to its rightful owners. Of course they are going to be for the status quo. They benefit from the status quo. The students do not. 
Second, the bill empowers parents 
and education leaders with choice, transparency, and flexibility. It en-sures parents continue to have the in-formation they need to hold schools ac-countable and helps more families es-cape underperforming schools by ex-panding alternative education options such as quality charter schools. It also provides States the flexibility to de-velop their own systems for addressing school performance and the autonomy to use Federal funds in the most effi-cient way. 
This bill respects, Mr. Chairman, 
that it is the people’s property. It is their tax dollars. We shouldn’t be forc-ing any kind of maintenance of effort requirement on States or local juris-dictions. It is their decision to decide what to do with their money. 
With the Student Success Act, we 
have an opportunity to overcome the failed status quo of high stakes testing and Federal waivers. We have an oppor-tunity to reduce the Federal footprint in our Nation’s classrooms. We also have an opportunity to signal to moms, dads, teachers, administrators, and State officials that we trust them to hold schools accountable for delivering a quality education to every child. 
As my good friend, former colleague 
and fellow Hoosier Governor Mike Pence, said before the House Education and the Workforce Committee earlier this month: 
There is nothing that ails education that 
can’t be fixed by giving parents more choices and teachers more freedom to teach. 
That is exactly what this bill does. 
This bill fosters an environment to ac-complish that very thing. So I urge my colleagues to join me in replacing a broken law with much-needed, com-
monsense education reforms and ask you to vote ‘‘yes’’—‘‘yes’’—on the Stu-dent Success Act. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), a 
member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Thank you, Mr. 
Ranking Member, for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, there is overwhelming 
bipartisan consensus that we need to replace No Child Left Behind. And there is overwhelming bipartisan con-sensus that a rewrite of No Child Left Behind should promote local flexibility and support schools, not punish them. So I am deeply disappointed that the House has not come together to produce a bipartisan bill. 
Despite a common goal and a long 
history of setting aside differences to work together on this important legis-lation, this bill does not adequately support America’s students. Unfortu-nately, the Student Success Act shifts resources away from communities where poverty is most concentrated and freezes funding for America’s most needy students at a time when public school enrollment is on the rise and more than half the students come from low-income families. 
H.R. 5 does not support a well-round-
ed education for all students, it does not ensure college- and career-ready standards for all students, it does not promote quality afterschool programs, and it does not do enough to reduce emphasis on high-stakes tests. 
The original goal of ESEA was laud-
able—equity. ESEA deserves a full re-view by the House so we can implement thoughtful solutions that reflect the current needs in our schools. But this bill does not protect historically under-served students. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this act, and 
I ask my colleagues to do the same. We need a law that is serious about ad-dressing the challenges educators and students face today. 
b1615 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), who has been active 
in this bill. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to ask, if I could, for the chair-man of the Education and the Work-force Committee to engage in a col-loquy with me concerning the impor-tance of ensuring the Federal Govern-ment does not interfere with States’ rights over public education. 
Mr. KLINE. I, as the chairman of the 
full committee, would be happy to en-gage in that colloquy. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
believe there is no constitutional role for the Federal Government in edu-cation. 
However, I understand that the funds 
under this act are accepted voluntarily by each State, but I am concerned that State bureaucrats often simply accept these funds and all the strings without 
any input from our constituents or lo-cally elected officials. I saw this in the Texas House. 
I very much appreciate that the gen-
tleman from Indiana and Chairman K
LINE worked with me to protect the 
10th Amendment and to ensure that States knowingly accept the strings at-tached to these programs before they receive any funding under this bill. 
I want to be clear that this provision 
simply ensures that locally elected of-ficials, parents, and other interested stakeholders have the opportunity to stand up and voice concern or support for accepting Federal funding at their State capital before any unelected, un-accountable bureaucrat can accept that money and all the strings that come with them. 
I want to ask if the chairman concurs 
that this is the intent and the result of the language that you have included in the Student Success Act? 
Mr. KLINE. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Let me thank my colleague from 
Texas for his leadership on this impor-tant issue. I understand and appreciate your concern about this Federal role in education policy. 
That is why we were happy to include 
your amendment in the underlying bill. It made the bill stronger and gave an-other tool to parents and local officials to protect their rights when it comes to educating our children. 
This amendment, in combination 
with other strong provisions to rein in the Secretary, including an absolute ban on his ability to force any State to adopt the Common Core State Stand-ards or any other particular standards, ensures the Federal Government can-not dictate what is taught in schools, what assessments are given, or what standards are used. 
In fact, this amendment ensures 
States willfully accept the limited re-quirements that will come with these funds and reaffirms what decisions should be left to the States. 
I thank the gentleman for offering 
this provision and his commitment to a limited Federal role in education, and I yield back to the gentleman. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for protecting the 10th Amendment rights of the States to control their public school system and affirming a parents’ right to control their child’s education. 
I appreciate you confirming the in-
tent of this amendment. It will mean a far greater role for States and parents in their child’s education. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), a 
member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
hate to throw cold water on the last colloquy, but I think it is important to note as we debate this bill, which never had the benefit of a public hearing or a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.047 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1145 February 25, 2015 
single subcommittee hearing, is that 
the Federal mandate for annual testing does not change as a result of this law. 
What does change regarding that 
testing requirement is that the dedi-cated funding stream, which Congress at least had the decency to pass back in 2002, that is eliminated. 
What you are doing is you are main-
taining a mandate and you are elimi-nating the funding to pay for that mandate for testing. What we are end-ing up with, for all the talk about re-ducing the Federal footprint, is that we are doubling down on the Federal re-quirement that States have to have an-nual testing in schools, which every Member in this Chamber has heard about in loud protest over the last 13 years. 
What this shows is that when the 
process is broken—and it was broken in this case, no committee-subcommittee meetings, no hearings, rushing it to the floor on a hyperpartisan basis, not one single Democratic amendment was accepted at the committee during markup, that is what you end up with, is a deformed bill, which should be de-feated. 
I urge in the strongest terms possible 
a ‘‘no’’ vote. Let’s go back and do this the right way. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
Just to address a notion of what is 
done in secret and what is not done in secret and whether or not people have had a chance to weigh in on this legis-lation, as my friend knows—and I do thank him for not mentioning basket-ball, by the way—as my friend knows, this bill has had multiple hearings over several years. 
It has been debated in committee. It 
has been debated on the floor of the House. It has been debated in the media. It is much discussed and much known—in contrast to the bill, the amendment, a substitute that my friends and colleagues on the other side of the aisle brought forward in com-mittee, 851 pages, that nobody had seen outside the Democrat Caucus, so I be-lieve this bill is well known, and it is the right direction to move us forward into the future to make sure that all of our children receive the quality edu-cation they deserve. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself 30 seconds just to respond to the idea that our substitute was produced. 
I would apologize to the gentleman 
for having sprung the substitute on him. 
However, 2 legislative days after his 
bill was introduced, he scheduled a markup on the bill, so we produced a response to his bill in 2 legislative days. That is all the time we were al-lowed. 
We would have allowed hearings. We 
would have liked hearings on his bill and our bill, but that just wasn’t to take place because of the rush to judg-ment. I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ), the ranking 
member of the Early Childhood, Ele-mentary, and Secondary Education Subcommittee. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, I strong-
ly oppose H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act reaffirmed the Supreme Court’s decision in Brown v. Board of Education that every child has the right to an equal educational oppor-tunity. H.R. 5 undermines the law’s original intent, turning back the clock on equity and accountability in Amer-ican public education. 
As we commemorate the 50th anni-
versary of ESEA, Republicans have chosen to honor the anniversary by bringing a partisan bill to the House floor that tears apart the historic Fed-eral role in education. 
H.R. 5 should be known as the ‘‘En-
sure Students Don’t Succeed Act.’’ The bill is a backward leap in our country’s education system, not a forward one. 
Every student in America has a right 
to a quality education. It is our job as Members of Congress to make sure that right is protected, something that H.R. 5 does not do. 
I refuse to fail our children and their 
families because our children deserve so much more than this legislation pro-vides. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I am very, 
very pleased to yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the chair of the 
Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman of the committee. 
Mr. Chairman, the current K–12 edu-
cation system is failing our students, and State and local attempts to make it better have been hampered by an enormous Federal footprint. 
Parents and education leaders have 
lost much of their decisionmaking au-thority to Washington bureaucrats, and the Secretary of Education has bullied States into adopting the Obama administration’s pet projects. 
Unsurprisingly, student achievement 
levels remain worrisome. Just 36 per-cent of eighth grade students read at grade level, and only 35 percent are proficient in math. 
For far too long, our schools have 
been governed by a top-down approach that stymies State and local efforts to meet the unique needs of their student populations. We can’t continue to make the same mistakes and expect better results. America’s students de-serve change. 
Fortunately, this week, the House of 
Representatives has an opportunity to chart a new course with the Student Success Act, legislation that reduces the Federal footprint in the Nation’s classrooms and restores control to the people who know their students best: parents, teachers, and local leaders. 
The Student Success Act gets Wash-
ington out of the business of running schools. It protects State and local au-
tonomy by prohibiting the Secretary of Education from coercing States into adopting Common Core or other stand-ards or assessments and by preventing the Secretary from creating additional burdens on States and school districts. 
The bill reduces the size of the Fed-
eral education bureaucracy. Currently, the Department of Education oversees more than 80 programs geared towards primary and secondary education, most of which are duplicative and fail to de-liver adequate results for students. The bill eliminates over 65 of these pro-grams and requires the Secretary of Education to reduce the Department’s workforce accordingly. 
The Student Success Act repeals on-
erous, one-size-fits-all mandates that dictate accountability, teacher qual-ity, and local spending that have done more to tie up States and school dis-tricts in red tape than to support edu-cation efforts. It returns responsibility for classroom decisions to parents, teachers, administrators, and edu-cation officials. 
The bill also provides States and 
school districts the funding flexibility to efficiently and effectively invest limited taxpayer dollars to boost stu-dent achievement by creating a local academic flexible grant. It provides the public with greater transparency and accountability over the development of new rules affecting K–12 schools. 
Education is a deeply personal issue. 
After years of the Secretary of Edu-cation running schools through execu-tive fiat, we understand that people are concerned about what a new K–12 edu-cation law will do. 
That is why a number of key prin-
ciples have guided our efforts to re-place the law since we began the proc-ess more than 4 years ago: reducing the Federal footprint, restoring local con-
trol, and empowering parents and edu-cation leaders. 
Those principles are reflected 
throughout the legislation, including specific safeguards that protect the right of States to opt out of the law, as well as the autonomy of home schools, religious schools, and private schools. 
Organizations such as the Council for 
American Private Education, the Home School Legal Defense Association, and Committee on Catholic Education of U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops have expressed support for the Student Success Act because they know it will keep the Federal Government out of their business and preserve their cher-ished rights. 
A host of administration bureaucrats 
is attempting to defeat these much- needed changes. They know each re-form that returns flexibility and choice to parents and school boards represent a loss of power in D.C. 
It is time we put the interests of 
America’s students above the desires of Washington politicians. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. KLINE. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 1 minute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.048 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1146 February 25, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. By reversing the top- 
down policies of recent decades, the Student Success Act offers conserv-ative solutions to repair a broken edu-cation system. 
It would finally get Washington out 
of the way and allow parents, teachers, and State and local education leaders the flexibility to provide every child in every school a high-quality education. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS), a 
member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank Ranking Member S
COTT. 
I have to ask the majority: When did 
local control come to mean spend Fed-eral dollars but ditch the Federal over-sight? 
During our markup last week—and I 
certainly heard today Member after Member arguing how removing Federal standards would help local leaders make tough decisions. This is abso-lutely backwards. 
For 9 years, I served on the second 
largest school board in California, the sixth in the Nation, and I distinctly re-member every school in the district making a compelling case for extra re-sources. 
Which is why, frankly, we should be 
debating how to increase the size of the pie that goes to education, rather than only arguing on how to cut it up. 
I still remember particularly one 
board meeting agonizing over the deci-sion to move money from one needy school to another. We had to cut our budget, and we had to make a decision. In the end, the law and the safeguards around title I helped direct us to make sure the money went to the students that needed it most. 
Ultimately, the direction in the law 
helps us balance competing needs, and I urge opposition to the bill. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), a mem-
ber of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
b1630 
Mr. TAKANO. I thank the gentleman 
from Virginia for yielding time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong 
opposition to H.R. 5, also known as the Student Success Act. Having spent 24 years as a classroom teacher, I am es-pecially concerned about the title I funding mechanism in this legislation. We have seen time and time again that block grants often redirect funding away from intended populations and are a prelude to further cuts. 
I also oppose the Republican bill’s 
portability provision, which betrays the original intent of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. ESEA is meant to promote equitable oppor-tunity and education for all and to help raise the academic achievement of low- income children. This legislation will do the opposite. Finally, I object to the utter lack of 
Federal accountability in H.R. 5. While I oppose the current test-driven, high- stakes accountability system, I want the right accountability system, not no accountability system. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation goes 
too far. It cuts too deep and takes too many steps backward. I oppose H.R. 5. I call on my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to address this issue of 
grants and block grants and so forth we are starting to hear a little bit about. 
I have been hearing for years, as I 
talk to superintendents in Minnesota and around the country, their frustra-tion with the maze of Federal pro-grams, 80-some Federal programs, each with its soda straw of funding and re-quirements for action and reporting. They have told me again and again: I have got money here, and I don’t need it there. I need money here, and I can’t move that money. I don’t have the flexibility to move that money. I need to be able to put the resources where my students need it. 
So, by eliminating 65 of those soda 
straws of individual controls and giv-ing that flexibility to superintendents, we allow the money to be spent where it is needed the most. I think that is one of the great strengths of this bill, and it is one of the reasons why the American Association of School Super-intendents does support this legisla-tion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ), a member 
of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Ranking Member S
COTT. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill breaks the 
promise made 50 years ago to help all kids get a good, quality public edu-cation and to recognize the challenges faced by kids living in poverty. 
When talking about the problems 
with this Republican bill, one wonders where to start. Is it the tearing apart of public education that comes in the form of dismantling title I funding? or the fact that the portability scheme is a slippery slope to turning our public school system into one big taxpayer- funded voucher program with public dollars sent to private schools? or the fact that Republicans have failed to ad-dress the need for early education or the maintenance of efforts of edu-cation? or that this bill diminishes the focus on professional development for teachers or the clear protections for collective bargaining agreements that are already part of State laws? or, ulti-mately, that this bill provides insuffi-cient funding lower than what the title I authorization for last year authorized under the current law? 
This bill doesn’t provide real student 
success, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. KLINE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), a member of the committee. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I 
thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act was passed 50 years ago to embody the promise that education is a right, not a privilege. We are supposed to be guardians of that promise, not the architects of its de-mise. 
This reauthorization was an oppor-
tunity for Congress to delve in and de-bate the most pressing issues facing our schools. Sadly, the Republican ma-jority chose to introduce a partisan bill behind closed doors without a single public hearing. Now we have a bill that reflects that lack of inclusion, takes hundreds of millions of dollars from our most vulnerable children, and weakens the safeguards that govern taxpayer money. 
When I served on my local school 
committee, a tough economy meant some really difficult decisions. Not ev-eryone was happy, but we listened. We listened to teachers, administrators, parents, students, experts, and fiscal watchdogs, and we were guided by one simple principle: what is best for our students. It is a shame Congress couldn’t find the will to do the same. 
I urge my colleagues to reject H.R. 5. Mr. KLINE. I continue to reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ), a former college professor and 
now a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Ranking Member S
COTT. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 5. 
Two weeks ago, our committee came 
together expecting to seriously con-sider this bill, but instead Republicans said ‘‘no’’: ‘‘no’’ to moving beyond the status quo, ‘‘no’’ to investing in the fu-tures of our kids, ‘‘no’’ to supporting our teachers and principals, and ‘‘no’’ to ensuring the success of our neediest students. 
Guess what. You said ‘‘yes’’ to taking 
money from our poorest students like Robin Hood in reverse, ‘‘yes’’ to eras-ing the gains we have made over the past 50 years, and ‘‘yes’’ to denying students success. This bill ignores the obvious needs of our students and turns its back on some of our most vulner-able. 
I hope we are not fooled by the name 
of the bill. Student Success is a failure. It clearly sets up our students to fail. H.R. 5 fails on all accounts. It fails our neediest students. It fails to invest in our teachers and our principals. It fails to prepare students for college and ca-reers. This bill deserves an F. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. KLINE. I continue to reserve the 
balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.049 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1147 February 25, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, could you advise how much time is available to both parties? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has 15 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota has 13 min-utes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), a 
former mayor. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
It is our responsibility to provide 
America’s young people with every op-portunity to obtain a world-class edu-cation in the best possible environment so they can compete in an increasingly global economy. That is why it is crit-ical that we reauthorize ESEA the right way. Schools and educators de-serve certainty, continuity, and direc-tion based on new research and in-formed by our experience from the last decade, and students deserve the best education we can provide. H.R. 5 is not the right way to do it. 
H.R. 5 would freeze funding at cur-
rent levels for 6 years, representing over $800 million in cuts compared to presequester funding. By funding pro-grams with block grants and intro-ducing title I portability, this fails to support greater achievement of low-in-come students, students of color, stu-dents with disabilities, and English language learners. This fails students in so many ways. 
We should be working together to en-
sure that a reauthorized ESEA im-proves student achievement, supports teachers and principals, and provides high-quality education for all students. This bill does not accomplish this. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. KLINE. I continue to reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the ranking member on the 
Committee on Appropriations Sub-
committee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Upon signing the 
original Elementary and Secondary Education Act, President Johnson de-scribed education as ‘‘the only valid passport from poverty.’’ This bill threatens to tear up that passport. It caps Federal education funding at 2015 levels, levels which are already woe-fully inadequate after years of drastic cuts, and makes no provision for infla-tion, let alone the growing need for Federal education programs. 
The bill allows States to direct Fed-
eral dollars away from schools in dis-tricts with the greatest poverty. It per-mits States to reduce education fund-ing with no accountability. It allows schools in wealthier neighborhoods to use title I funding without having to target funds to the students with the greatest needs. It is a blatant betrayal of the ESEA’s fundamental purpose, which is to level the playing field for low-income kids. It weakens or eliminates many suc-
cessful programs, including 21st Cen-tury Community Learning Centers ini-tiative, which provides quality after school, summer school programs for disadvantaged children. 
Mr. Chairman, it used to be that hard 
work in schools and on the job was the surest ticket to the middle class. Today, that compact is broken. Mil-lions of hardworking families do not earn enough to make ends meet, let alone move up in the world. The cuts proposed in this bill would make mat-ters even worse. Kids from poor neigh-borhoods are already being neglected, while those from wealthy areas get an ever-increasing slice of the pie. These disparities reverberate throughout their lives to create an increasingly di-vided, unequal society. 
Let me put it simply: Without broad 
access to quality education, there is no future for the middle class. With this legislation, the majority is saying to America’s low-income kids: You are on your own. 
Mr. Chairman, that is not who we 
are. I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ISHOP ), a new member of the 
committee. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, be-cause our system, education system, is failing. Where I come from, we call try-ing to do things over and over again and expecting a different outcome in-sanity. I believe our system is broken to the extent that it is a moral impera-tive for Congress, at this point, to step up and act. Our students, our parents, our teachers should not have to settle for a failing system. 
Before Congress, I worked in the pri-
vate sector, and I also had an oppor-tunity to work in State government, including the opportunity to serve as the majority leader of the Michigan Senate. At that time, I saw firsthand how much more effective we can be at the State level to use State resources and control where they are going than to have the Federal Government come in, step in and use, and expect the State to spend it in a certain way. 
This system of top-down does not 
help the States; it puts us in a bad po-sition. As a State legislator, had I the opportunity, I would have come here and supported the cause as well be-cause it is the right thing to do. I do 
believe it is high time that we defend the 10th Amendment and rein back the Federal Government’s role, especially in our children’s education. Local teachers and parents know our children better than the Department of Edu-cation in Washington, D.C., ever could; and the result is that our system is broken, and that becomes clearer and clearer every day. 
I just want to mention a couple sta-
tistics that I find alarming but instruc-tive. First of all, 35 percent of our 
fourth graders are reading at a pro-ficient level. Only 26 percent of our high school seniors are proficient in math. Just a couple examples that I mention. Those examples are unaccept-able. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. KLINE. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. The Stu-
dent Success Act gives authority back to our States and expands opportuni-ties so our children can get the best education opportunity possible. That is what they deserve, and that is what I was sent to Washington, D.C., to sup-port. 
This bill is also critical in ensuring 
the Federal Government cannot force a failed program like Common Core on the States. When looking at education reform, it is also important to make sure that we continue to protect the rights of our home schoolers and our private schools. That is exactly what this bill does. 
Mr. Chairman, we must reduce the 
Federal Government’s footprint in our children’s classrooms because it is making a mess of the education sys-tem. We are long overdue for change, and I believe the Student Success Act will move our Nation in the right di-rection. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, because this bill lim-
its the amount of funding available, it moves money from low-income areas to wealthy areas, eliminates targeted funds for English learners and those with disabilities; it fails to set mean-ingful standards. 
A lot of organizations oppose the leg-
islation, including business organiza-tions, child advocacy groups, civil rights groups, the organizations sup-porting those with disabilities and health groups, including the Congres-sional Tri-Caucus; the Advocacy Insti-tute; the Afterschool Alliance; the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee; the American Association of People With Disabilities; the Amer-ican Association of University Women; the American Federation of Teachers; the American Foundation for the Blind; the Association of University Centers on Disabilities; Autism Na-tional Committee; Autistic Self Advo-cacy Network; the Center for American Progress; the Center for Law and So-cial Policy; the Children’s Defense Fund; the Committee for Education Funding; the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities; the Council of the Great City Schools; the Council of Par-ent Attorneys and Advocates, Inc.; Democrats for Education Reform; Dis-ability Rights Education & Defense Fund; Easter Seals; Education Post; Education Law Center; First Focus Campaign for Children; Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network; Human Rights Campaign; the Bazelon Center 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.051 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1148 February 25, 2015 
for Mental Health Law; Lawyers’ Com-
mittee for Civil Rights Under Law; Leading Educators; the League of United Latin American Citizens; the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund; the NAACP; the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund; the National Association of School Psychologists; the National Center for Learning Disabilities; the National Council on Independent Liv-ing; the National Council on Teacher Quality; the National Center on Time & Learning; the National Congress of American Indians; the National Coun-cil of La Raza; the National Coalition for Public Education; the National Dis-ability Rights Network; the National Down Syndrome Congress; the Na-tional Education Association; the Na-tional Urban League; the National Women’s Law Center; Partners for Each and Every Child; the Poverty & Race Research Action Council; Public Advocates Inc.; Stand for Children; Southeast Asia Resource Action Cen-ter; TASH; Teach Plus; TNTP; the Edu-cation Trust; the United Negro College Fund; the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. They are all in opposition to this legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b1645 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I often don’t come to the floor to speak, but I felt compelled on this par-ticular bill, H.R. 5, to talk about it. Why? Because I represent a district that has 90 percent of the public schoolchildren who live and receive re-duced or free lunches and it is impor-tant for me to just state for the record that I think that a bill that takes away funding from public schools—targeted funding for low-income and poverty students—would be an abomination. 
This bill is here because of the work 
of Lyndon Johnson 50 years ago. It was a civil rights bill, frankly. Why? It was an acknowledgment that socially dis-advantaged children needed additional help. Somewhere along the line, Mr. Chairman, we have lost as a nation the notion of ‘‘our children.’’ 
It is always ‘‘my child,’’ not ‘‘our 
children.’’ 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield the 
gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Until the 
parents of more affluent children see that their lives are intrinsically linked to children who are poor, we as a na-tion will never be the beloved commu-nity that so many civil rights leaders fought and died for. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Virginia for the opportunity to speak on this underlying bill, and I want to urge my colleagues to vote against 
H.R. 5. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a 
member of the committee. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I want to 
thank the gentleman from Minnesota for his work on this bill. It is a very important bill, and it is certainly very applicable to what is going on in our country right now. 
Mr. Chairman, Federal intervention 
in our Nation’s classrooms is at an all-time high, and the Obama administra-tion continues to believe that they think they know what is best for our children. However, despite the contin-ued intrusion into our children’s class-rooms, student achievement remains stagnant. 
Out of 34 countries, students in the 
U.S. rank 20th and 27th in science and math respectively, so it is clear that our education system is not adequately serving our children, and it is not going to be fixed by Washington bu-reaucrats. Our education system can only be fixed by parents, teachers, aunts, uncles, coaches, and community leaders—the people who actually know what is best for our Nation’s children. 
That is why I am supporting H.R. 5. 
I am supporting this bill to put some restraints on the administration, to rein in the Department of Education, and to put the keys to our children’s educations and futures back in local control where it belongs. 
It repeals out-of-touch teacher quali-
fication programs, and it allows State and local officials to determine who is qualified to teach their children. It also eliminates 65 programs and cre-ates a grant program with greater flexibility for school districts. 
We all know that children learn dif-
ferently and at their own pace, and without this bill, the Secretary of Edu-cation can prohibit funds from being sent to States unless they adopt cer-tain one-size-fits-all standards, like Common Core. 
I will be the first one to say that ad-
ditional reforms to our education sys-tem are needed. No, this is not the sil-ver bullet, but it is a great start, and it is a great bill. I support this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to state for the record 
that graduation rates have been up since No Child Left Behind was passed. Black and Latino children are doing better, so it has been working, but we need to continue to improve. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to read 
the Statement of Administration Pol-icy, which speaks to the administra-tion position on H.R. 5. The Statement of Administration Policy goes as fol-lows: 
The administration strongly opposes H.R. 
5, the Student Success Act, as approved by the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. Congress must act in a bipartisan 
way to reform the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to help States prepare all children for college and careers by giving them flexibility from No Child Left Behind mandates. However, H.R. 5 represents a significant step backwards in the efforts to help all of the Nation’s children and their families prepare for their futures. 
H.R. 5 abdicates the historic Federal role 
in elementary and secondary education of ensuring the educational progress of all of America’s children, including children from low-income families, students with disabil-ities, English learners, and students of color. It fails to maintain the core expectation that States and school districts will take serious, sustained, and targeted actions when nec-essary to remedy achievement gaps and re-form persistently low-performing schools. H.R. 5 fails to identify opportunity gaps or remedy inequities in access to the resources and supports students need to succeed, such as challenging academic courses, excellent teachers and principals, afterschool enrich-ment or expanded learning time, and other academic and nonacademic supports. 
Rather than investing more in schools, 
H.R. 5 would allow States to divert edu-cation funding away from the schools and students who need it the most through the so-called ‘‘portability’’ provision. The bill’s caps on Federal education spending would lock in recent budget cuts for the rest of the decade, and the bill would allow funds cur-rently required to be used for education to be used for other purposes, such as spending on sports stadiums or tax cuts for the wealthy. H.R. 5 fails to make critical investments for the Nation’s students, including high-quality preschool for America’s children, support for America’s teachers and principals, and in-vestment in innovative solutions for the pub-lic education system. 
The administration agrees on the need for 
high-quality statewide annual testing as re-quired in H.R. 5, so parents and teachers know how children and schools are doing from year to year and to allow for consistent measurement of school and student perform-ance across the State. However, this bill should do more to reduce redundant and un-necessary testing, such as asking States to limit the amount of time spent on standard-ized testing and requiring parental notifica-tion when testing is consuming too much classroom learning time. 
The administration opposes H.R. 5 in its 
current form for all of these reasons but par-ticularly because it would deny Federal funds to the classrooms that need them the most and fails to assure parents that policy-makers and educators will take action when students are not learning. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
5, his senior advisers would recommend that he veto the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I am 
happy to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), 
the chairman of the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. 
Mr. WALBERG. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, since No Child Left 
Behind was put in place, the Federal Government has dictated how States and school districts spend money, gauge student learning and school per-formance, and hire classroom teachers. 
Frankly, Mr. Chairman, it isn’t 
working. Washington bureaucrats, no matter how well meaning they are, will never have the personal understanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.051 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1149 February 25, 2015 
of the diverse and special and unique 
needs of students than the teachers, administrators, and parents who spend time with them. 
Mr. Chairman, I stand here today be-
cause I have to speak for Erin and Moses. Erin is my daughter-in-law and the mother of my four grandchildren. Moses was a student who tested her teaching ability and her passion for teaching. 
Erin came to teach in a fourth and 
fifth grade classroom for special needs students in Cicero, Illinois. Freshly minted out of her educational training and master’s program, she came in with a passion for teaching. 
She came in because she was sent in 
that classroom as a full-time, con-tinuing substitute because the teacher of that classroom had gotten up one day, had walked out of the classroom, and had never come back. 
Erin was given the opportunity of a 
lifetime of teaching these students, and she began to invest her life into those students, especially in one young stu-dent, a fourth grader by the name of Moses. 
Moses came from a difficult situa-
tion. Moses at that time in the fourth grade was not even fully potty-trained, but Erin invested her time and talent and, frankly, her treasure in the life of that student, as well as of the others. She had a wonderful outcome in work-ing with the parent in the home, as well as with Moses in the classroom. 
The next year, Erin was given the op-
portunity to be a full-time teacher, not a sub anymore. I will never forget the day when Erin came to me, with tears in her eyes, and said: ‘‘Dad, I’m not sure I’m cut out for teaching.’’ 
I said: ‘‘Erin, why? You had an amaz-
ing impact for that 6 months of time you spent in the same classroom last year.’’ 
She said: ‘‘Now, all I’m doing is fill-
ing out paperwork for Illinois, for Chi-cago, and for the Federal Govern-ment.’’ 
She ultimately had our twin 
grandsons and went from the classroom to the home, but there will be a day that comes when those four kids are at the stage when she can go back to the classroom. I want Erin to go back and have the ability to teach, to love on those kids, to direct them, to work with the parents, and not spend time filling out bureaucratic forms. 
Mr. Chairman, that is why I support 
the Student Success Act. It replaces Federal control with State and local control. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. KLINE. I yield the gentleman an-
other 1 minute. 
Mr. WALBERG. The bill allows 
States to establish and implement their own standards and assessments. The bill allows States to develop their own accountability plans for improving underperforming schools by elimi-nating federally prescribed school im-provement and turnaround interven-tions. The bill provides State and local 
school districts flexibility. 
Mr. Chairman, that is what we are 
speaking for. It is for the Erins and for the Moseses of the world—educational opportunities that should lead us into the future in great ways for this coun-try and to lead the world. 
b1700 
This is what we are talking about, 
Mr. Speaker. The Student Success Act places control back in the hands of education’s rightful stewards: the teachers, the administrators, the States, the parents, and, ultimately, the students. 
Let’s pass this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). 
The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE) has 4 minutes remaining, and 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, the Consortium for 
Citizens With Disabilities says: 
The Student Success Act does not fully 
support students with disabilities, and in fact, it creates incentives for schools and dis-tricts to take students with disabilities, un-checked, off the track from having equitable access to and achieving a regular high school diploma. 
Incidence data reflects that less than 1 per-
cent of all students have the significant cog-nitive disabilities, which corresponds to about 10 percent of students with disabil-ities. 
Without this limitation, we fear that 
schools may inappropriately assign students to the alternative assessment. Data show as-signment to these alternative assessments may lead to reduced access to the general curriculum and limit a student’s access to earn a regular diploma. 
That is why the disability groups op-
pose the legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, I just want to end 
with a reminder that this limits the funding. It transfers money from low- income areas to high-income areas. That is not just urban areas. There are over 2,400 low-income rural districts that will lose about $150 million, or 15 percent, of their total allocation, under the current law. The legislation elimi-nates targeting for English learners and those with disabilities. Finally, it fails to set meaningful standards. 
For those reasons, we should join the 
administration in opposing H.R. 5, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
As is always the case in these debates 
on the floor, we hear a lot of things. Some of them are actually factual; some of them are not. There is, shockingly, some hyperbole that comes along with this. 
We did hear some things, though, 
from both sides of the aisle that I think are worth underscoring. One of the speakers on the other side of the aisle talked about how schools and States need continuity—I think was his word—predictability. That is ex-
actly what we do not have now. 
Right now, this country is operating 
under the law of the land, which is No Child Left Behind, and under a big, convoluted scheme of temporary condi-tional waivers which provide no con-tinuity, no predictability, and that is why we are hearing on both sides of the aisle—from coast-to-coast and off the coast, as a matter of fact—that we need to replace No Child Left Behind. 
I believe that as we replace No Child 
Left Behind, we need to put responsi-bility in the hands of parents and teachers and school boards and States, and not in the hands of Washington, D.C. 
I think that it is not fair to say that 
there is not a problem. We heard from the ranking member that graduation rates have gone up. On the other hand, they haven’t gone up much, and we are still in a position where a fourth, or 26 percent, of high school seniors are pro-ficient in math. That means 74 per-cent—maybe I need to have a little math here—are not. Only 38 percent of those high school seniors can read at grade level. We have a problem with one in five students dropping out. We need to address that problem. 
We heard a lot of talk about where 
title I funds go and portability to pub-lic schools. It is a question, I under-stand. There is a disagreement here, but we happen to believe it is fair that if you are a poor kid, if you are eligible for title I funds, you ought to get those funds. There is a disagreement. I think the children, if they are eligible, if they are in poverty, ought to get their share of title I funds. 
One of the things we didn’t talk 
much about today as we talked about the problems out there, we know that in some areas of the country you have children trapped in absolutely failing schools where less than half of the kids graduate and those that graduate are nowhere near ready to go to college or go to work. 
So we have seen across the country 
and in most States public charter schools popping up, giving parents hope, giving them a chance to get those kids out of failing schools. 
I said this the other day in the Rules 
Committee, because it was so moving to me. I went to a charter school in north Minneapolis. There were 430 kids in that school. Their parents are de-lighted with the education they are getting now and thrilled to get their kids out of failing schools. 
When I asked the principal and the 
founder of the school if she could take more kids, she said: No, this is the right size for this school. She would like to replicate the school—and that is what this bill allows—so she can have another successful charter school. And how successful is it? There are a thousand kids, Mr. Chairman, on the waiting list to get in that charter school because their parents want to get out of a failing school system. This bill allows that to happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.053 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1150 February 25, 2015 
It comes down to, fundamentally: 
Who do you trust, Washington or local government? We want to put the con-trol in the hands of parents and local school boards and States. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Chair, I rise today in opposition of H.R. 5, the ill-named Student Success Act. H.R. 5 would undermine significant gains made by No Child Left Behind, and eviscerate the Elementary and Secondary Education Act by dismantling its foundation of equity and accountability. 
Under this bill, school districts with the high-
est concentrations of Hispanic students would lose more than $1.9 billion in federal funding. Los Angeles Unified School District which is more than 74 percent Hispanic faces the larg-est cut in Title I funds, over $80 million, which amounts to nearly 25 percent of their budget. 
School districts with a high concentration of 
students living in poverty could lose $700 mil-lion in funding and high-poverty districts could see cuts as large as 74 percent. The port-ability of Title I funds would divert and dilute limited funds from schools with high needs and high concentrations of poverty. This un-dermines the fundamental purpose of Title I: to assist high needs and high poverty schools. With 35 percent of Latino children under the age of five living in poverty, this is the time to increase, not decrease funding. 
Education is our nation’s great equalizer. I 
would not be where I am today if it were not for the quality public education I received. For over 50 years, ESEA has been our nation’s driving force for educational equity. Unfortu-nately, this Republican bill would dismantle the foundation of equality and accountability that ESEA has built over the last half-century. If we want our nation to remain a leader in the world, we must improve equal access to qual-ity education for the next generation. Our stu-dents are the future of tomorrow, and we sim-ply cannot let them down. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the committee 
rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. A BRAHAM , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public edu-cation, protect State and local author-ity, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
NATIONAL EATING DISORDERS 
AWARENESS WEEK 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
this week is National Eating Disorders Awareness Week. This time is dedi-cated to educating parents and chil-dren about the causes and serious health conditions and consequences of 
eating disorders. 
Eating disorders affect more than 14 
million Americans and have dispropor-tionate impacts on teens and young adults. Beyond genetic links, factors such as consistent exposure to mis-leading advertising that distort one’s own body image can lead to eating dis-orders. The key to containing this growing health issue is to spread awareness and promote authentic, healthy body images. 
That is why, Mr. Speaker, along with 
a bipartisan coalition, we have urged the Federal Trade Commission to up-hold their duty to protect American consumers by working with health pro-fessionals and the advertising industry to promote fair and responsible adver-tisements, especially for products geared for children and teens. 
If you suspect that your child has an 
eating disorder, please seek profes-sional help. There are many local re-sources available to families. 
f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF LOCAL 
BROADCASTERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ABRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extends their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of today’s Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Dakota? 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate so much this opportunity that we have this evening to inform and to edu-cate my colleagues in the House, fellow Members of Congress, and even the American people through C–SPAN, about the importance of local radio and television broadcasters. They are im-portant not only to our country, but I want to talk about how important they are to our communities—the commu-nities we live in, the communities they live in, the communities they work in. 
For decades, these broadcasters have 
been the first ones to respond to disas-ters and emergencies. They have saved numerous lives by their ability to be on the scene and to broadcast widely. 
They have helped communities pick up the pieces after a natural disaster or a manmade disaster. The broadcasters of our country, of our communities, have played a vital role in the quality of life in our communities. 
I have been blessed throughout my 
career not just in public service but in other positions to work with local broadcasters hosting telethons to help find cures for diseases like muscular dystrophy, cancer, and many other dis-eases that our communities have tack-led together. Now, we need to remember that these 
radio and television stations are not monolithic corporations. They are owned and run and managed by our friends and neighbors, the people that we see every day. 
Today is a big day. It is an appro-
priate day to celebrate—not just in-form and educate but celebrate—the role of America’s broadcasters in our communities. Because today, hundreds of Members of Congress were able to 
meet with their local television and radio station personalities and man-agers and representatives. Today, near-ly 600 broadcasters came to Capitol Hill to tell their story of public service and to remind their Representatives of their role. 
You may not know that these broad-
casters are required by statute to serve the public interest. When I hear about the stories they cover, when I see the types of stories they cover, the lives they have touched, the service that they are providing, I am heartened to know that we have a vibrant, thriving system of local broadcasting in this country. 
Unlike many other countries around 
the world, where national and regional news is what is available to their citi-zens, here in the United States, here in places like North Dakota and Texas and Arkansas and others, we have a system of local radio and TV stations so folks living in the same community are bound together by weather events, sporting events, news of the day, and human interest, all provided by an ac-curate local source. 
I know in North Dakota we have seen 
weather emergencies where informa-tion from our local broadcasters was all that was available for those suf-fering the impacts of a storm. Several years ago, I myself, with my family, in 1984, spent all night—this was before cell phones, I know—spent all night in a car in a blizzard that came upon North Dakota suddenly. We were just off the interstate. The only commu-nication we had was through KFGO Radio, which won a Peabody that year for broadcasting to us and to several others that were stranded in that storm. 
So, today, we are going to hear a 
number of stories from Members of Congress across the country also touched by their local TV and radio stations. I thank them for sharing sto-ries about their local stations. I will share some of mine as we go through-out this Special Order, but I want to call on somebody who knows a fair bit about broadcasting, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. C RAMER , I ap-
preciate the opportunity. It is an honor to be able to stand up and advocate on behalf of our broadcasters, who are not only my constituents and your con-stituents, but my colleagues, because I am, as you mentioned, a former broad-caster, and I know firsthand the impor-tance of broadcasting, as you indi-cated, to local and national commu-nities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.054 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1151 February 25, 2015 
You talked about a weather occur-
rence. Last week, my district and most of Arkansas was blanketed with ice. 
b1715 
I can tell you with certainty that a 
good number of my constituents were tuned in to their local radio station, their local television station, to hear about school closures and to hear about road conditions and to hear about other community closures and shelters that might be available and any number of things that are nec-essary in times of weather that could put them in a position of distress, so it is very, very important. 
I have got some statistics here that 
really speak to the value proposition that they bring to our economy. In my district alone, there are 20 local tele-vision stations and 233 local radio sta-tions in the State of Arkansas. That is statewide, not districtwide. 
These broadcasters contribute $9.83 
billion to our State’s GDP, and they have provided roughly 22,000 jobs in the State of Arkansas. 
Beyond Arkansas, in the entire coun-
try, local broadcasters account for 2.65 million jobs, and they provide—get 
this—$1.24 trillion to our GDP. 
As we talked about, they provide a 
variety of services to communities that they support. One of the things that I didn’t mention, as a broadcaster, I was a farm broadcaster, so you can appre-ciate this, being from North Dakota. 
Most farmers rely on those market 
reports, weather reports, bug reports, disease reports, any number of things, information that is relevant to produc-tion agriculture that they rely on, so that was one of the things that helped launch my career. I was able to start a farm news network, operated it, start-ed with four stations, and it is now up to 53 in a five-state area. 
All of that is very specific to the 
local community and what is grown and raised in those communities, and so farmers have come to rely on that, and I am sure it is the same in your home State of North Dakota. 
But I think the point that we are try-
ing to make here is that every commu-nity is unique. Every community has their own needs, and no one knows those needs better than the broad-casters who serve those communities. 
I just want to say, as a Congress, I 
think it is our duty to support broad-casters who do so much for the region and their communities, and I appre-ciate you taking the time to make this hour happen. 
Mr. CRAMER. If the gentleman 
wouldn’t mind, I would like to ask a question. I know we didn’t rehearse this, but in this era of all kinds of new information technologies available and ways of getting information, streaming and cell phones and smartphones and the like, maybe you could just share a minute or two about why it is still im-portant, what role the broadcaster, the free, over-the-air broadcast through the public spectrum, why that matters in this era of new IT. Mr. CRAWFORD. Well, you touched 
on it right there. It is free, over the air, they can access it. They don’t have to have any special tool other than a radio. 
Everybody’s got a radio in their car 
or in their tractor, in their truck, in the office, whatever; and when every-thing else fails, you can’t get a cell sig-nal, you can’t get your Internet, what-ever, the radio is reliable. 
From the farmers’ perspectives, 
which obviously I have an interest in, they rely heavily on that, and there is an element of trust. Their local broad-caster is usually a trusted source of in-formation, so that is why it is so im-portant and why they rely so heavily on their local broadcaster, whether that be their 6 p.m. news. 
I have been a news anchor on our 
local television station, and folks do become accustomed to hearing from you, and they trust that. 
Here is the other thing that is inter-
esting about broadcasters: they are in-tegrating new media in conjunction with their broadcasting, so it sort of supplements what their core mission is, to provide that service to the com-munity over the airwaves. 
The great thing about broadcasters is 
they are very innovative. They are not a static business model. They are de-veloping new technology, they are inte-grating new technology, and it all works together, with the core mission being to serve their communities. 
You see fundraising efforts for the 
Make-A-Wish Foundation on the local radio station. That is important. Radio stations and television stations are in-novative in community support activi-ties. 
AMBER Alerts, not only are they 
broadcasting those AMBER Alerts, but they are using texts and social media to supplement that and really help en-hance their broadcasting efforts, too. 
There is a lot of these things that 
you can’t get along without, I think, without our public broadcasters, our local community broadcasters—tele-vision and radio—who operate on the airwaves. 
Mr. CRAMER. Great points. Thank 
you so much for participating. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gen-
tleman for having this Special Order. 
Mr. Speaker, let me bring an addi-
tional perspective to the importance of local broadcasters, TV, radio. I live down on the gulf coast. We call where I live in my district ‘‘hurricane alley.’’ 
Just since I have been in Congress, 
Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Rita, Hurricane Humberto, Hurricane Ike, and Hurricane Gustav have all hit my congressional district. Now, some blame me. It is not my fault, but here they come, all of these hurricanes. 
We are down on the gulf coast, and as 
soon as the hurricanes come through, guess what, there goes the power—elec-tricity. Besides all of the flooding, the damage, the wind, all of this happens when hurricane season comes upon us 
in the summer. 
The local folks, to get information, if 
they are still at home, they are watch-ing local TV. Many are not because they have to leave because of rising water and wind damage. 
When Hurricane Ike came into Gal-
veston, Texas, it went across the is-land, and then when the wind shifted, it came back across the island, but that saltwater went across and came back. Tremendous damage in Gal-veston, Texas. 
The only thing the people could lis-
ten to or find information, really, was their car radio as they are trying to leave the area. The radio stations and TV stations that are still on the air are very vital for public safety and infor-mation and about the weather. People listen to the local broadcasters about what is happening right there. 
When Hurricane Rita came into 
Houston in 2005, approximately 2.5 mil-lion to 3 million people evacuated. Now, some say that this is the largest evacuation in American history. I don’t know. That is a lot of people on the road, and they are all headed north to get away from the wind and the rain and the flooding that is taking place. 
What people were listening to in the 
car was local radio stations that were on the air broadcasting, not just the weather, but the traffic that was tak-ing place. Eventually, the freeways, the interstates all allowed traffic to move on all lanes north. 
The way the folks found out about 
that was on the radio, the announce-ments being made by the Texas Depart-ment of Public Safety, Texas highway department, that the lanes had been shifted so that everybody could travel in all of the lanes that took place, so that information was so vital. 
It is not just important during hurri-
cane season. As already stated by the gentleman from Arkansas, it is impor-tant during even normal weather, if we can call what is taking place here in Washington normal weather, but the snow and the ice. People want to listen to local radio to find out—and local television. 
Also, even go back to Katrina. We all 
remember Hurricane Katrina. Folks in Louisiana left Louisiana, and they came to Texas, and as they were get-ting to Texas, guess what, Hurricane Rita hit Texas. 
Houstonians, primarily, when those 
folks from Louisiana were coming our way, were told by local media on where they could go to take things for those neighbors from Louisiana, everything from food and blankets, and go volun-teer to help out to find shelter for these individuals. 
Local radio, local television is broad-
casting how that can be done, how that can be help to those individuals. That couldn’t have been done if we didn’t have our local broadcasters who know the area, know the people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.055 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1152 February 25, 2015 
We have AMBER Alerts. That is 
throughout the country. 206 Texas chil-dren that were abducted had been res-cued because of the AMBER Alert sys-tem that was created in 1998 by the Dallas-Ft. Worth broadcasters. 
The other issue that I want to men-
tion is our—well, there are two more, and they are just as important. Local radio and television has local political issues and debates on our community, from the local politicians, the local of-ficeholders, and even others. That is all done locally by our broadcasters on tel-evision; it is done on radio all the time. There is political argument and debate by our local media. 
Something that is important to us— 
I don’t know about the Dakotas, but it is important to us. We like football in Texas. We like high school football. Let’s be a little specific. On Friday night, everybody is playing football at the high schools, at the stadiums. 
Our local broadcasters, yes, they are 
out there at the stadiums, and at 10 p.m. news, they have a little bit of news, and then they have a little bit of weather, and then they spend most of the rest of the news broadcasting tapes from the high school football games in the Houston area. 
They are very important, Mr. Speak-
er, to know exactly who won the game, who the visiting team was, high school football. We are not going to see that unless we have local broadcasting. Of course, high school football is on the radio as well. I do want to mention that important service that local broadcasters give us. 
We have a lot of great broadcasters 
in the Houston area, both on radio and on television. I would like to mention some of them. Channel 13 has Dave Ward. I think he has been on tele-vision, nightly news—I don’t know, I would hate to say 30 years, but maybe it has been that long or more—along with Gina Gaston. 
On channel 26, we have got Jose 
Grinan; channel 2, Bill Balleza and Dominique Sachse; then channel 11, Greg Hurst and Lisa Hernandez. 
Years ago, there was this local tele-
vision celebrity that worked for chan-nel 13. He turned out to be a celebrity named Marvin Zindler. He is an icon in 
the Houston area. 
He is a local broadcaster, and he 
spent time going around in the Hous-ton restaurants examining restaurants and, as he said, looking for slime in the ice machine. He did a nightly broadcast on restaurants that just weren’t up to the health standards of the city of Houston. 
Other investigative reporters are 
doing something very similar on the local basis as well, but it is all local. It is the local broadcasters that are doing it. 
I commend the gentleman, Mr. 
C
RAMER . I am sorry I talked so long. 
The local folks, we certainly couldn’t exist without them. Radio, television, we appreciate what they do, not just for football, but for the other things as well. Mr. CRAMER. I thank the gentleman 
from Texas, and I especially thank him for raising the football illustration, just because it is an opportunity— while he wondered if it was important in North Dakota, North Dakotans have become very accustomed to coming to Texas for football games because, for the last 4 years, the North Dakota State University football team has won the national FCS championship game in Frisco, Texas. 
Thank you for reminding us of that, 
and we look forward to a trip next year, perhaps. 
That said, I appreciate what you 
raised about how many broadcast sta-tions really—they are tools of the First Amendment, and they are also, obvi-ously, an important part of the First Amendment because that is where they derive their rights to express and to broadcast. 
Where would politicians be without 
broadcasting debates? So I appreciate that as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), just 
to let everybody know this is obviously 
a very important bipartisan Special Order because it a very important bi-partisan issue. 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-
tleman for the time and for organizing this Special Order. 
To be sure that folks do not think 
that local broadcasters are only impor-tant in the Midwest, I am here rep-resenting New England. We have many, many examples where our local broad-casters have really made a difference in Rhode Island. 
b1730 
I think sometimes the best way to il-
lustrate that is to give real examples of where that happened. 
So, for example, there was a docu-
mentary made about a homeless man finding help at Crossroads, which is the largest homeless services organization in the State of Rhode Island. WPRI-TV, a local broadcaster in the city of Provi-dence, secured the rights to this docu-mentary and took the opportunity to create a telethon around its airing. Viewers were asked to open their hearts and their pocketbooks and pledge by phone or online, and that ef-fort raised $85,000 for the shelter, pro-viding greatly needed funding as the housing crisis and economy created an ever-growing demand for the shelter services. So that is one example. 
Another example is, while residents 
of our capital city, the city of Provi-dence, waited for their electricity to be restored in their homes after Hurricane Irene cut off power to many in our State, WJAR-TV Providence simulcast the audio portion of its newscast on Clear Channel’s WHJJ-AM Providence. This arrangement allowed locals to re-ceive the TV station’s around-the- clock coverage on battery-operated ra-dios, which was obviously a very im-portant service. 
In our State, we have a wonderful fa-
cility, a school called Meeting Street, which is an organization that provides 
individual learning programs for thou-sands of children with developmental disabilities. And Meeting Street is really allowed to tell the story of its wonderful school to the community each year during its annual telethon on WPRI-TV. This 4-hour, commercial- free telethon preempts prime-time pro-gramming, and all production for the event is done in-house by the station. Last year, the telethon generated $500,000 from phone donations and long- term corporate commitments tied to the event, and it has raised billions of dollars over the years. 
The local newspaper and WNRI-AM 
in Woonsocket, Rhode Island, carry on the Milk Fund, which is a local tradi-tion that started in 1936 as a way to help struggling families. Each year through the month of December, mul-tiple fundraising efforts in Woonsocket raise money toward the purchase of milk vouchers. 
Another example: this past fall, lis-
teners tuned in to WKKB-FM in Provi-dence for its 2-day Promesa y Esperanza—Promise and Hope— Radiothon, which raises funds for St. Jude Children’s Hospital. The broad-cast is carried out in partnership with 15 sister stations throughout the coun-try to raise awareness of childhood cancer within the Hispanic community and to help St. Jude continue to offer treatment to all children, regardless of their family’s ability to pay. This year’s effort raised more than $100,000 in WKKB’s listening area alone, and more than $630,000 between the 16 sta-tions combined. 
And just one final example: LIN 
Media, which owns WPRI-TV in East Providence, established the Minority Scholarship and Training Program. Each recipient will receive a 2-year scholarship for up to $10,000 per year, which can be used for school expenses. In addition, LIN Media will provide each student with hands-on training through a paid internship program at one of its television stations around the country. Minority Scholarship re-cipients are assigned full-time posi-tions at LIN Media upon graduation and successful completion of the train-ing program. 
So these are just some examples, and 
I know there are examples like this all across the country where local broad-casters are really making a difference, not only helping raise needed resources for nonprofit organizations, getting in-formation to listeners and viewers dur-ing emergencies, but really helping to strengthen our communities. And I, for one, want to acknowledge the local broadcasters and to say thank you. I hope these examples help illustrate the value of our local broadcasters. 
I really thank the gentleman for or-
ganizing this Special Order hour and for yielding. 
Mr. CRAMER. I appreciate the gen-
tleman’s recognition of that and the very thorough list of examples of the incredible public service that our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.057 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1153 February 25, 2015 
broadcasters do in the Northeast. 
Thank you very much for that. 
It occurs to me, Mr. Speaker, as I lis-
ten to my colleagues talk about the importance of local broadcasters that they really have multiple public serv-ice roles. 
Certainly it is a public service to be 
able to give the news, to deliver the sporting games, to deliver the weather, to deliver emergency information for public safety, to let people know what is going on in the community. That is an important service. But the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) brings up, of course, many 
other charitable things. 
I have participated in many chari-
table events that were good, that raised decent money for important causes. But when a broadcaster gets in-volved, it adds value; it raises aware-ness; it sometimes brings celebrity to it. And you can see a charity lifted up by virtue of the fact that a local TV station or a local radio station or, in some cases, multiple stations took on the cause—not because there is any-thing in it for the broadcast station, not because there is anything in it for the managers. Sure, sometimes there are programs that have a sales compo-nent to it that you can go out and sell, but by and large, these are pure acts of public service, pure acts of charity that with just a little bit of airtime, just a little bit of local personality that is at-tached to a cause can validate the cause, elevate the cause, bring aware-ness to the cause, and create momen-tum for a cause that generates all kinds of other private sector involve-ment, whether it is volunteers or money—in most cases, both. We can solve a lot of problems when we get a broadcaster involved. 
I have had the opportunity to be part 
of a very special program that I know a lot of my colleagues have been a part of, whether out here or back at home, and that is Honor Flights. It was a local broadcaster in Fargo, North Da-kota, that saw a national story about the Honor Flight program that flies World War II veterans to see the me-morial built in their honor. 
So WDAY radio and television took 
it on in Fargo and created the Red River Valley Honor Flight and flew four flights of veterans. During that time, they broadcast leading up to it to bring awareness so that the veterans, themselves, could sign up. Then they broadcast the trips themselves to bring awareness and to honor these men and women, these heroes of the Greatest Generation and then, of course, brought the celebration home in a way that you couldn’t do without that in-volvement. 
That resulted in another Honor 
Flight chapter being raised up in Bis-marck, where I live, and I became the chairman of the Roughrider Honor Flight. We had five flights out of Bis-marck. 
The KX television network in North 
Dakota became our broadcast partner. Not only did they help by raising 
awareness, which helped me raise money, which helped us get more vet-erans signing up, but it got the whole community involved. At the end of it all, they provided a video documentary of the experience so that every veteran and their families who participated had that wonderful memory in a DVD that they could watch for the rest of their lives. 
Just this last weekend, I was on a 
radio show in Fargo called ‘‘Heroes of the Heartland.’’ It is on for an hour every Saturday, where a local veteran hosts the show, and it is all about vet-erans. I hope the show wins an award for what it does for veterans. 
While I was on the show answering 
questions about legislation dealing with veterans’ issues, people would call in and say: Did you know that the VA in Fargo is holding a public informa-tion meeting in a neighboring city on Saturday at whatever time, where vet-erans can come and air their griev-ances or give their appreciation or learn about the VA? And I thought: Wow, how cool is this, that because somebody knew of something, not only was the radio station there able to spread the information, but the lis-tener became the newsmaker. They be-came the broadcaster. 
That is the other neat thing about 
local radio, especially: it provides an opportunity where everybody is a broadcaster. If you see an accident or you find bad weather or you see some-thing happen that you want to alert the public about, you have that oppor-tunity now with new media, meaning broadcast media. So it was an honor to be on ‘‘Heroes of the Heartland.’’ 
I have the great privilege of rep-
resenting the entire State of North Da-kota. That is a big congressional dis-trict. Now, it is not as big as Montana or Wyoming or Alaska, but it is pretty big. I try to have a lot of town halls, like many of us do. We have a lot of town halls. But I have the opportunity, working with broadcast partners now, where every week I have a 1-hour talk radio town hall on multiple stations. KFYR-AM 550 in Bismarck was sort of the flagship station. KPLC out in Dick-inson carries it. AM 1100 The Flag is really where it was birthed, in Fargo. KTGO up in the Bakken, the heart of the Bakken, in Tioga, carries the talk radio town hall. 
People have the opportunity to ei-
ther call me live on the air and ask a question or call on an 800 number and leave a message for me if they can’t call during the show itself. It is broad-cast statewide, and then it is broadcast again in the evening on delay. It pro-vides a great opportunity for me to be in touch with my constituents and for them to talk to me and for me to be able to talk to them. 
As you can tell, Mr. Speaker, I am a 
big advocate for free over-the-air broadcast media, whether it is radio or television—or certainly both. And I think that even in the new media era, and I appreciated the gentleman from 
Arkansas, Mr. C
RAWFORD ’s thoughts on 
this, that we have this opportunity still, but that there is still an impor-tant role for free broadcast radio and television, that even with all the new media, that it only, in fact, enhances the importance of free over-the-air broadcasts. 
With that, I yield to another Member 
from Texas. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Thank you very 
much. It is an honor and a privilege to be here to speak about the value our local broadcasters bring to our commu-nities. 
I am a long-time radio guy. At 15 
years old, I started hanging around the radio station and ended up getting a job there through high school and col-lege and have worked on and off in radio ever since. 
I can tell you, our local broadcasters 
are such a value to our community. We have got a market now with all sorts of new technology for people to get music and entertainment—there is satellite radio; there is the Internet; there is Pandora—but nothing compares to what the local broadcasters can bring. Actually, all this competition, I think, is bringing a resurgence to local broad-casters. You are going away from lots of syndicated programs to more locally created programs that are more in tune to the needs of the community than something coming out from a central location piped over a satellite. 
You have got great opportunities. 
Local businesses now have more oppor-tunities to advertise, targeting local audiences. You have got news depart-ments that are beginning a resurgence in local radio and television stations as people realize they need local news in addition to the national news. And in times of an emergency, nobody comes to the aid of a community like the broadcast facilities. Typically, they will suspend programming in the event of a hurricane or some other disaster. It is your first source for information, where you can go to get fresh water, other disaster and emergency aid. It really brings out the best. 
Local broadcasters are committed to 
their community. Much like people who run for elected office, in order to get people to know you, to like you, to listen to you, and to watch you on a TV station, they have got to be out in the community, too. They have got to be at the local events, the chamber of commerce events. They have got to sponsor the charitable events. Broad-casters I know spend and donate mil-lions of dollars in airtime just to sup-port local charities and community ac-tivities. It is the backbone of America. 
We have got to be careful up here in 
Washington. We have got lots of stuff on our agenda here that could poten-tially adversely affect broadcasters. We have got to strike the right balance. 
We have got copyright reform on the 
agenda. We have got to find the right balance, where content creators are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.058 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1154 February 25, 2015 
properly compensated for their cre-
ative works but broadcasters aren’t pe-nalized such that they have got to shut down news departments or lay off em-ployees in order to meet those de-mands. We have got to make sure that we have got licensing and the Commu-nications Act reformed. 
Our Communications Act is very old. 
We have got to take a look at it and bring it into the 21st century. But we have got to be careful that we don’t cripple our local broadcasters, many of whom live in the communities and are valuable parts of the community and are basically, in some cases, the heart-beat of the community. 
I do want to reiterate that I think we 
are at a time where we really can see a resurgence in local broadcasting, local content, the return of more full serv-ice. It is not just wall-to-wall hits on the radio now. 
In order to garner a market com-
peting with XM, our local folks have to be out in the community. They have to be out with live remotes. They have got to be at community events. They have got to be bringing local news and local content and stuff that is relevant to people’s lives. They have done it for decades, and it is really great to see that resurgence and to be a part of it. It is a great time for broadcasters in America right now. 
Mr. CRAMER. If the gentleman from 
Texas would yield, you raised an im-portant point that I hadn’t thought about that is sort of natural and obvi-ous, and that is, if you are going to be a good local broadcaster, obviously you have to be a good local citizen. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Absolutely. You 
have got to be out at the events. You have got to say ‘‘yes’’ to the folks that come in and say: Could you give us a public service announcement for our cancer walk? Could you give us a pub-lic service announcement for our what-ever event? 
The community bulletin boards that 
you used to hear on the radio all the time are coming back, and that is something XM or satellite providers just can’t do. 
b1745 
Sure, they are getting the technology 
to localize some of the ads by downloading them into your devices. But it is not like the local broadcaster who is a part of the community. 
Mr. CRAMER. You raise very impor-
tant points. 
Again, I appreciate the reminder 
that, while we are, today, educating, informing, and celebrating local broad-casting, it is at risk; that we can take our eye off the ball, that we can as-sume or presume some things and wake up one day and find out that when that accident happens on the railroad tracks or the storm is coming that sud-denly there is nobody there to tell us about it. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. You need some-
body that has a local news presence. You don’t need somebody that has to bring a satellite truck in from a few 
hundred miles away and can’t get there immediately. Sure, The Weather Chan-nel will send Jim Cantore down. I think they want to kill him because they send him to all the dangerous lo-cations. But he doesn’t know the com-munity like the local weathercaster. 
We have got Dale Nelson in Corpus 
Christi. He has been doing the weather on our NBC affiliate. We jokingly call him ‘‘Dead Wrong Dale.’’ What other profession can you be in besides being a TV meteorologist and get it wrong half the time and still keep a job? But Dale knows the community, and he gets it right a whole lot more than he gets it wrong. We just like to rib him. But he knows the places that are going to flood. He knows the areas in the neigh-borhoods that are most susceptible to damage. Those out-of-town reporters don’t. 
The members of the media in local 
broadcasting are citizens of the com-munity, and what they do improves the lives of everybody in the community. They know the people. They shop at the grocery store with the folks. Their children are in school in the commu-nity. They know what is going on, and they can reflect what is going on and can react to what is going on in the community and really be a valuable asset for good. 
Mr. CRAMER. Well, you are a very 
articulate spokesman and advocate on behalf of local broadcasting, and I ap-preciate your taking the time and your expertise. By the way, you did pose it in the form of a question. I suppose some people can look at Congress and say: There is a group that can be wrong more than half the time and keep their jobs too. But at any rate, I have no-ticed that if you stay in good contact through your broadcast community with your constituents that helps as well. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. I appreciate 
your yielding the time and organizing this wonderful Special Order. 
Mr. CRAMER. Well, it is very impor-
tant because as I said, Mr. Speaker, at the beginning, over 600 broadcasters are in town today calling on the Mem-bers of Congress, calling on us, remind-ing us of the important role that they play in public safety, in public infor-mation, in public service, in many ways, in many ways, not just in deliv-ering the news, weather, and sports and being active in our communities and elevating those important causes that make for a quality community, con-tributing their talent, contributing their, of course, their broadcast spec-trum, which is really the people’s. I think that is really an important point that we sometimes forget—that there is a reason that broadcasters have this legal obligation to public service be-cause the people own the airwaves, and we rent them, if you will. 
It is important that broadcasters and 
Congress stay in close touch because, as the gentleman from Texas pointed out, this is a fragile relationship, and we can sometimes take them for grant-
ed while presuming that there will al-ways be other ways to communicate when we know, in fact, that when the lights go out, when the electricity goes off, when a storm hits, whatever the case may be, as long as you have a car radio and a good battery, or you have a battery-operated radio and the broad-casters are on the air, you can always get that information from your local, reliable, familiar, friendly broad-casters. 
So with that, Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the time and I appreciate my col-leagues from both sides of the aisle from across our country who have taken the time today to help inform, educate, and celebrate the American broadcaster. 
f 
THE FUTURE FORUM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ALLEN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, tonight is the inaugural Spe-cial Order hour of the Future Forum. Today young people across America are asking themselves how they are going to afford their education. And if they are even lucky enough to get an edu-cation, how they are going to be able to afford to pay off that education, how they are going to find a well-paying job that can help them pay off that edu-cation, buy their first home, start a family, and send their own kids to school. That is the issue that the Fu-ture Forum is going to address. We are going to address this issue, the Amer-ican Dream of homeownership, and something very important to millennials, diversity and equality. 
Millennials make up about 75 million 
people of the American population. It is the most diverse generation in America’s history. We believe in the Future Forum that we are uniquely suited for this because we are a part of the future too, and it is time that the party of the future starts talking to the future. We will be taking time on the House floor and at events around the country to meet with and listen to younger Americans about how we in government can better ensure that younger Americans have the opportu-nities that will allow them not only to dream but to achieve. This is a two- way conversation. We will use tech-nology and a collaborative approach in our communications and in our out-reach. 
Our policy priorities are very simple: 
college access and affordability, job se-curity and entrepreneurship, and equality and diversity. Many of the members of the Future Forum were called to public service because of what happened on September 11. A recent Center for American Progress survey found that the defining issue for millennials is September 11. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.059 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1155 February 25, 2015 
As I stand in this well, we are just 3 
days from the Department of Homeland Security being shut down. I have in-vited members of the Future Forum to share their own personal story about how they were called to service and what homeland security means to them and their constituents. 
I would first like to invite down a 
freshman Member. I yield time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the previous speaker for exer-cising tremendous leadership in help-ing to forge this, the Future Forum. I am proud to join him in being a found-ing member of this important caucus, one that I hope will go out and touch the lives of many young people throughout the country. 
In having a conversation with the 
previous speaker about what brought him to public service and what brought me to public service, I was relaying my personal story, and that happened to involve September 11. I was not one of the heroes by any means, just one of the ordinary Americans working in the private sector straight out of college, attempting to pay off a ton of student loans, and right here in the Wash-ington, D.C., area, just a couple miles from the Pentagon, that bright blue- skied beautiful morning when the world suddenly changed. 
Mark Twain had said a long time ago 
that America’s two best friends in the world are Miss Atlantic and Mr. Pa-cific. September 11, 2001, proved that that was no longer the case, that we were not a separate fortress unto our-selves and completely removed from the problems around the world. That was, as the previous speaker men-tioned, such an important event in my life and in the lives of so many people in their thirties and younger. 
As a member of this September 11 
generation, I decided right then that I would devote my life to public service. The very next year, actually, on Sep-tember 11, 2002, I began my graduate program in public policy and embarked on a path that about 14 years later has led here to serving in the Halls of the House of Representatives, attempting to make a difference, solve problems, and do so on a bipartisan basis. 
I know there are many people on the 
other side of the aisle, good Repub-licans, who feel the same way I do; that we can have our legitimate debates, that we can have our debates on public policy, but that when it comes, of all things, to the security of the American people, we need to put the nonsense aside and actually focus on protecting our people. 
So, Mr. Speaker, when we had come 
down here and planned to speak about the Future Forum, I had expected that my speech would be about the student loan debt crisis, something that is deeply affecting our generation, a gen-eration that is more indebted than any other in our Nation’s history. But, in-stead, we are here to talk about the 
fact we are just 3 days away from see-ing the Department of Homeland Secu-rity completely shut down, seeing the furloughing of 35,000 employees of the Department of Homeland Security. 
On the very same day that informa-
tion was released, three American citi-zens attempted to join ISIS, which should be called Daesh, the so-called Islamic State, who truly are evil and would do whatever they could to harm any one of the 310 million of us living in this country. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I would ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania, you talk about your call to service and after Sep-tember 11, and you think back to that day, and I don’t know if you remember, but I remember Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats, standing on the stairs of the Capitol, on the steps of the Capitol and singing ‘‘God Bless America’’ and ‘‘America the Beautiful.’’ It was such a moment of collaboration. Every day since that day, up until now, homeland security and our Nation’s security has always been about collaboration and biparti-sanship. I just wonder, to hear that the Department of Homeland Security could be shutting down, hearkening back to what you thought about col-laboration back then, does that gel, is that the collaboration that you had in mind and you always thought of around our Nation’s security? 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. The gentleman asks a great question. Actually it is the exact oppo-site of the sort of spirit that was in-voked on September 11. I remember seeing the pictures of—I believe it was a spontaneous gathering of both Demo-cratic and Republican Members serving in Congress at that time who came to-gether on the Capitol steps to sing ‘‘God Bless America.’’ 
I think it is a sad commentary that 
just a decade and a half later that we are here at an incredibly dangerous time, mind you, in some ways actually more dangerous than the days imme-diately following September 11, and in-stead of talking about how we can come together in an overwhelmingly bipartisan fashion, pass this what should be noncontroversial bill to fund our Department of Homeland Security, the fact that we are right here caught up in a partisan fight over this is deep-ly disappointing and does not at all jibe with the spirit of September 11, and I think the spirit of a generation that was called to serve in the wake of those events. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I yield 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU), someone who has served our 
country not just in California’s Legis-lature and not just in the Congress but also in our armed services, and is cur-rently serving in the Air Force Re-serves. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, let me start off by saying elections have consequences. I respect the American voter. I respect what the 
voters in our Nation did last November when they gave Republicans control of the United States Senate and control of the U.S. House of Representatives. My sincere plea and request to my Re-publican colleagues across the aisle who control Congress is: Please do not shut down the Department of Home-land Security. 
The Republican leader in the U.S. 
Senate is now poised to delink the issue of funding for security for our homeland from immigration reform. I hope my colleagues across the aisle will do the same. That is because im-migration reform has very little to nothing to do with protecting our homeland. I would love to have a de-bate on immigration reform. I think we need to do that. I would love to vote for bills on immigration reform. But they are not linked to funding for Homeland Security. 
Let me just give you an example. 
Let’s talk about DREAMers who came as children to our Nation and who can serve in the United States military. I served in Active Duty in the Air Force, and I am still in the Reserves. So DREAMers can serve in the U.S. mili-tary. To say that we are going to de-port them because they are a homeland security risk and we are not going to fund Homeland Security because of that is ridiculous. There is no reason to link those two issues. If you don’t like DREAMers, if you want to deport DREAMers, fine. Let’s have a debate on that. But they are not a homeland security risk. To link these two issues doesn’t make any sense. The Repub-lican leader in the United States Sen-ate has figured that out. I hope that this House does it as well. 
There are some grave consequences 
to this. In my State of California alone, nearly 27,000 employees of Home-land Security will either be furloughed or will get no pay and cannot come to work. 
b1800 
These folks are folks that protect our 
homeland. It is unacceptable that this is going to happen. 
The other way Homeland Security 
works is they provide grants to local first responders across the Nation to law enforcement, to firefighters. On Friday, if Homeland Security shuts down, those grants stop, and these local responders stop. 
This is a very real issue, and we, in 
Congress, our first priority is to pro-tect the American public. Shutting down Homeland Security will be the exact opposite of that. I really hope that the Republicans who control both Houses do not shut down Homeland Se-curity. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I also 
wonder, Mr. Speaker, what the gen-tleman from California thinks, as somebody who is serving in the Re-serves right now and serving shoulder to shoulder with some young DREAM-ers, what would it do to the morale of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.061 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1156 February 25, 2015 
the ranks if DREAMers who are put-
ting themselves on the front lines, will-ing to go serve the country they call their own, the United States, in battle, if the House GOP had their way and those DREAMers were removed and de-ported from our country? 
What would that do to the morale of 
our troops? 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. That is 
a great question. Let me just explain a little bit what are some of the profes-sions that the DREAMers do in the military. 
Because of their language skills, the 
U.S. military needs some of these lan-guage skills, so that the U.S. military knows what these terrorists are doing in other parts of the world. 
To have the language skills that 
DREAMers possess, that is one reason that we have them serve in the U.S. military. They have a direct effect on trying to prevent terrorist attacks into our homeland. To say that ‘‘we are not going to fund Homeland Security be-cause we want to deport you’’ is ridicu-lous. 
Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman yield 
for another question? 
There are a few categories that the 
DREAMers are able to serve in the military. You mention their language talent. 
As somebody who, himself, is in the 
military, don’t you think we are miss-ing out on a lot of potential among kids that have already gone through the DACA program, but we are still not admitting as regular enlistees or no less given the chance to become offi-cers? 
I know a kid in my district, his whole 
life, he wanted to be in the military. He didn’t even find out that he wasn’t American until he was 15. He went through DACA, he did everything right, and they are still not letting him join the military. 
What kind of talent are we missing 
out on by not letting these DACA kids enlist in the regular manner? 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. That is 
a fantastic question. Having now been in the military for 19 years, it is very clear that their main criteria for mili-tary service is: Can you complete the mission? 
How good you are at completing the 
mission has nothing to do with whether or not you have a piece of paper that says if you are documented or not. The U.S. military is losing out on a signifi-cant amount of talent, people who oth-erwise would do great things for our military to protect our homeland and so on. 
Again, it makes very little to no 
sense to link these two issues, which really shouldn’t be linked; really, that is what this is all about. Let’s just have separate debates on both issues. The U.S. Senate is about to do that. 
I hope the House can do that as well. Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
thank the gentleman from California. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to invite to 
join our conversation another fresh-man Member from Massachusetts, 
somebody who has also served our country very honorably in the Marines, S
ETHMOULTON . 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. S WALWELL . 
I think our Republican colleagues 
have a point, which is that we need to have a debate about immigration. This is an issue facing our country, it is a serious issue, and in many respects, it has reached crisis proportions. We need to talk about it, we need to have that debate, but it cannot be at the expense of our Nation’s security. 
I just returned from a weeklong trip 
to the Middle East—to Iraq, to Afghan-istan, to the UAE, to Kuwait, and to Jordan—to try to understand the situa-tion on the ground and especially the threat that ISIL or Daesh poses to the United States of America. 
I can tell you that that threat is seri-
ous and severe. There are those who think that this will just be a Middle Eastern problem, that it won’t ever come to infect our homeland. I don’t share that view. I think it is a serious threat. ISIL has brutally killed Ameri-cans abroad and made clear their in-tentions to kill Americans here at home. 
That is the kind of protection from 
threats like that that the Department of Homeland Security provides. We cannot put our Nation’s security at risk for a debate that is critical, that needs to happen, but that is separate from keeping Americans safe. 
Our most sacred responsibility as 
Members of Congress is to protect our 
homeland. Right now, the partisan brinksmanship around funding the De-partment of Homeland Security is put-ting that safety at risk. 
I served my country for four tours in 
Iraq. I was proud to serve, I was proud to go every time, but I don’t want to see Americans have to keep going back to that part of the world because we can’t provide for our security here at home. 
We have a lot of work to do in this 
Congress, and a lot of it requires bipar-tisan cooperation. Immigration is one of those issues. It is an issue that we need to debate on the floor of the House. 
We need to take up the Senate bill 
for comprehensive immigration reform, debate its merits, and decide whether it does enough to ensure the safety of our borders and the future of those who aspire to be Americans, but none of that should happen at the expense of our Nation’s security. 
The crisis that we are facing today is the re-
sult of partisan politics that places the safety and the lives of the American people at risk. 
Last week I returned from a trip to the Mid-
dle East, and I learned that the threat of a ter-rorist attack on the United States is real. Ter-rorist organizations including ISIL pose a seri-ous national security threat and have made clear their intentions to commit acts of ter-rorism both abroad and here at home. 
Our number one responsibility as members 
of Congress is to prevent that from happening and keep Americans safe. Holding hostage the funding for the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security over the Presi-dent’s executive action on immigration is a disservice to the men and women who put their lives on the line everyday both at home and abroad to protect us all. 
There is no doubt that Congress needs to 
address immigration reform. It is an issue that is deserving of a debate and I look forward to participating in that discussion with both Democrats and Republicans. However, attach-ing immigration policy to this appropriations legislation is simply irresponsible and hijacks the intellectual debate that should take place on this Floor. 
If you disagree with the President’s actions, 
then let’s have that debate. 
However, with such threats to the security of 
the American people, now is not the time to play political games with an agency that is charged with protecting the homeland from acts of terrorism. 
If Congress fails to fund the Department of 
Homeland Security, agencies and grant pro-grams critical to the safety of Americans will no longer be able to carry out the responsibil-ities that they were created to uphold, includ-ing the TSA, U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and the United States Coast Guard. 85% of all enlisted Coast Guard personnel do not live on base—they cannot afford to miss a rent or mortgage payment on their homes. Many Americans don’t realize this, but not only are Coast Guardsmen important to the safety of fishermen in my home state of Mas-sachusetts and to all coastal states, but they are also deployed globally alongside our mili-tary in support of critical national security mis-sions. 
When I was in Iraq, I needed to focus on 
the mission. For Coast Guard personnel per-forming high-risk drug cartel interdictions or patrolling the Persian Gulf, we needed their 100% focus on the mission at hand. So last summer when an Iranian boat aimed a 50 cal-iber machine gun at American Coast Guards-men deployed in international waters in the Persian Gulf, those are the American men and women in harm’s way who would still be re-quired to put their lives on the line despite not receiving a paycheck so that their families at home can put food on the table and pay rent. 
In my home state of Massachusetts, we re-
cently experienced a series of historic snow storms that resulted in record-breaking snow accumulation and caused millions of dollars in damages to homes, business and roadways. Without the support of funding from FEMA, Massachusetts will have to bear the brunt of the clean-up and repair costs in spite of the likelihood that Massachusetts will be eligible for federal disaster aid relief. 
Further, failure to pass an appropriations bill 
for DHS would furlough or deny payment to the 4,735 law enforcement officials, disaster response officials and many other homeland security personnel in Massachusetts. 
Republicans know that the right thing to do 
is to fund the department. This is why, earlier today, the Senate passed a clean bill to fund the department. 
This is not a partisan issue. This is an 
American issue. I implore the Republicans to have the debate on immigration, and have it soon. Talk about our differences there, but let’s not put our citizens, our country, and our allies at risk by holding funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security hostage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.062 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1157 February 25, 2015 
I’d like to thank my friend from California 
again for the opportunity to speak this evening. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Actu-
ally, I have a question for the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. I know you are active on social media, I follow you, and I see you are very in touch with your constituents, particularly those on social media. 
I am wondering: What are you hear-
ing from young people about the House GOP’s inability to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security? What do young people think about the inability to separate an important immigration issue, as you talked about, and some-thing so critical and as important as homeland security? 
Mr. MOULTON. What I hear from 
young people is they want the Congress to get things done for the American people. Our job is to come here and de-bate the important issues of the day, but, ultimately, it is to get things ac-complished, it is to pass bills, it is to make laws, it is to fund important in-stitutions of our government. 
What people say is they want us to 
get it done. They want us to have that debate on immigration reform, they want us to do that, too, but they need funding for the Department of Home-land Security. 
My generation has grown up under 
the threat that we came to face on Sep-tember 11. Many of my friends were in New York on that perilous day and watched the planes crash into the World Trade Center towers. It is a re-markable testament to the success of the Department of Homeland Security that, over the past decade, we have not had another attack. It is a remarkable achievement. We should not put that achievement at risk. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
thank the gentleman from Massachu-setts, and I invite to join the conversa-tion a leader in our party, someone who serves on the House Rules Com-mittee and also the House Appropria-tions Committee, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from California for getting this time for this important message and to just talk with people. That is really what this body, at its very best, does: we talk amongst ourselves, we solve problems. 
What you are hearing about today, 
namely, that we are 3 days away from shutting down our own national secu-rity, is an example of this body not solving a problem—in fact, causing a problem. 
You think: Who is causing this? Why 
is our security going to shut down in 3 days? Who is doing this? Who is shut-ting down the Department of Homeland Security? 
The sad answer is that we are doing 
it to ourselves. There is no reason for this manufactured crisis. 
I want to share my story from 9/11. 9/ 
11 is something that, in our generation, we all remember where we were. It is like the Kennedy assassination to our 
grandparents’ generation or like the Moon landing. Everybody knows ex-actly where they were and what they were doing when we heard about the Twin Towers. 
I was at a conference near Wash-
ington, D.C., here. Like anybody who was near one of the sites, it was scary because we didn’t know what was going on. The rumor was: all planes are fly-ing into buildings, we are under attack. 
They thought there were bombs at 
one point. It was a madhouse to try to escape the area and get out of the city. We drove all the way back to Colorado, and I never got to see what was hap-pening to the towers in realtime or the immediate aftermath because, for the next 25 hours, I was just listening to it on the radio in the car, and my friend and I took turns driving. 
That was a unique moment when peo-
ple came together. It didn’t matter if you were Democrat or Republican. Our petty differences melted by the way-side as we came together around a na-tional response. 
In many ways, it is sad to see our Na-
tion go back to those same kind of par-tisan divisions which, unfortunately, reduce our national security. When we are talking about the Department of Homeland Security—which I would point out was set up after 9/11. That was set up to ensure that something like 9/11 doesn’t happen again. 
It coordinated agencies in a new way 
that didn’t occur before, encouraged in-telligence sharing among the agencies about domestic threats, and now, a lot of that work is just 3 days away from being defunded over a totally different issue, one that we are happy to talk about, by the way. 
I mean, we talk about DREAMers 
and what a pathway to citizenship could look like and immigration re-form and what the President can do and can’t do, and those are all impor-tant discussions, and there are many diverse opinions in this body about them. 
I would hope nobody with any opin-
ion, no matter how extreme, would hold our national security hostage over this. I am reminded of what one of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle said, disappointed in his own party over this particular strategy. 
He said: ‘‘Unfortunately, we have 
taken a hostage that we don’t want to shoot.’’ I think that is very much the case. Yes, they are taking our own se-curity of our Nation and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security hostage. Do they actually want to shoot that hostage? 
Our friends and colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle, they are not bad people. They believe in protecting our country. I hope they don’t go through with it, but they have gotten them-selves into this predicament over rhet-oric that threatens to jeopardize our national security. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
would ask my colleague, knowing that, as we speak—and the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania pointed this out, Mr. B
OYLE —three Americans are in custody 
right now because of their intent and the steps they took to want to join ISIL. As we speak, our enemies are plotting against us. 
Although my colleagues across the 
aisle, the House Republican leadership, wish to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, our enemies do not intend on shutting down their efforts to attack America. 
What do you think, knowing that 
Colorado is home to a large airport, Denver International Airport, what is going to happen to the TSA officers who are charged with detecting these hidden bombs that al Qaeda has put out there that they would like to put on our airliners, detecting people who are trying to come back to the United States after fighting alongside with ISIL, what is this going to mean in places like Denver and across Colo-rado? 
Mr. POLIS. We had a young lady 
from our district—you mentioned peo-ple—we had a young lady from our dis-trict, 19, from Lafayette, Colorado, who tried to get over to Turkey and then to Syria to join ISIS. 
Fortunately, for her parents, for her 
family, frankly, for her own life, thanks to the efforts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, it was interdicted. Her travel plans were de-tected, and she was detained at the air-port and not allowed to join ISIS. 
Thank goodness we had the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security connecting those difficult-to-connect dots. I don’t even know how they did it to this day because, obviously, people go to Tur-key on tourism all the time, but they used several points of information to figure out that this young lady was trying to join ISIS, and, thankfully, they were able to return her to her family. 
That is the kind of thing that, unfor-
tunately, happens every day across our country. If in 3 days this Congress doesn’t take action, we are tying our own hands behind our back in our fight against terrorism, which makes abso-lutely no sense. 
Look, you and I, Mr. S
WALWELL , I am 
sure, were equally passionate about our views on immigration. We would love to see DACA expanded, and I would love to see a pathway to citizenship, but it would never cross my mind, no matter how I want to see those things, that I would shut down the security of the country just to get it. 
I think most Americans don’t think 
that way. I mean, here we are as some of the young Members, I think that perhaps some colleagues on the other side are acting even younger, like pre-schoolers and kindergartners here, where they either get all the toys or they are not letting anybody else play with them. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
haven’t named that generation yet. 
Mr. POLIS. We haven’t named them 
yet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.021 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1158 February 25, 2015 
That is the approach here. If they 
don’t get their exact way, well, fine, we are not going to keep the Nation safe. I mean, that just doesn’t make sense in any deliberative body, like we all grew up thinking that Congress was the lofty deliberative body. 
That just doesn’t make sense, that 
kind of reasoning. 
b1815 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Thank you, Mr. P
OLIS. 
Mr. S WALWELL , I would just take 
issue. My wife, as you may know, is a kindergarten teacher and is teaching that generation, and I think she would take issue with you comparing Mem-bers of Congress to the kids she teach-es. I think she would say the kids she teaches are much better behaved than many of us here in Congress. 
But, you know, I do want to just cir-
cle back to a point that Mr. P
OLIS 
made, Mr. S WALWELL made, a number 
of the speakers here tonight have made. This is a false choice. We can have the necessary debate on immigra-tion and immigration reform. There has been a great American tradition going back to the very beginning of, on the one hand, praising the immigrants of yesteryear while simultaneously ex-pressing concern about the immigrants of the present day. That was the case in the 1840s and in the 1880s and in the 1920s, and so it is today. 
That debate will always be a part of 
who we are as a nation of immigrants and as a nation of laws. I think that de-bate needs to happen, and we need to have that here on the floor of the House, the same way they did in the Senate where they passed the bill with 70 votes on a bipartisan basis. 
So let’s get to that debate. Let’s not 
allow this sideshow over holding up a Homeland Security bill that I think all of us agree here, all 435 of us agree that we need. These are real, dangerous threats we face, people who actually thought that al Qaeda was not extreme enough so they wanted to go, instead, join an even more murderous, more barbaric group. As the sign that Mr. S
WALWELL had up was showing, our en-
emies are certainly not shutting down their efforts, nor should we. 
I do want to ask Mr. S
WALWELL a 
question—and I think this is important whether you are near the Denver Air-port or the Philadelphia Airport or the bay area—and that is: What message do you think it sends to ordinary citizens who are looking to their Congress to just get things done and protect them, the people who aren’t necessarily strongly ideological one way or the other, who just want to believe that their government can work, what kind of message do you think we are sending to them this week with this sort of be-havior? 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. It is a 
message of dysfunction. 
And I know Mr. P
OLIS, just like Mr. 
MOULTON , is also very much in touch 
with the doers and DREAMers who are defining the innovation economy, 
whether it is in the bay area or Colo-rado or Philadelphia or Boston and Cambridge. These folks, they see the shortest distance between two points as a straight line. They don’t see it as a partisan line. They are problem solv-ing by nature, and they can’t under-stand why politics would get in the way of something so simple as funding the Department of Homeland Security. 
My own personal September 11 story, 
as Mr. P
OLIS was saying, is: I was head-
ed to Capitol Hill that morning. I was an intern for Congresswoman Ellen Tauscher. I remember the gray suit that I was wearing was the one I wore every day at that time as I was wracking up my own student debt. As I got to the Capitol, I was turned around because the building had been evacu-ated. What I do remember, though, in addition to the color of the suit I wore and the phone call that I got from the staff assistant telling me to go home, I remember those Members of Congress singing ‘‘God Bless America.’’ 
I remember in the weeks and the 
months and the years afterwards the bipartisan 9/11 Commission Report. I remember the creation of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and I felt so honored when I was elected to come to Congress to be asked to serve on the Committee on Homeland Security. I felt so honored in my second term to be asked to serve on the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. 
I cannot believe that just 14 years 
later, after all this bipartisanship and collaboration, while every other issue around us seems to be mired in grid-lock, we have always agreed that we fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity that was created out of Sep-tember 11. Today, to think that we are so close to shutting down that Depart-ment, it really does defy the collabora-tion that came out of September 11. 
I would ask my colleague from Colo-
rado, who is in the Future Forum, but he is one of the more senior Members of Congress in the Future Forum—I think he is now serving his fourth term—what do you think about the collaboration that we have seen around Homeland Security up until now? 
Mr. POLIS. As I like to remind my 
friend from California, there is not really a strict age limit, per se, of the Future Forum, but I am very proud to still be under the 40 number, at least for another half year. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
are all in our thirties here. 
Mr. POLIS. Good. Good. We are all 
still in our thirties. 
But look, I think that what is hap-
pening is that when people of all ages, but particularly young people look at Congress and they look at this kind of thing with, ‘‘Well, you, yourselves, are shutting down security?’’ when they look at that, when they look at when the whole government shut down, again, do we remember why? Not real-ly. I don’t remember why the Repub-licans shut down government. There wasn’t really a reason. They gave up, 
and they reopened it. It didn’t make sense. When people see that, they lose faith in this institution; they lose faith in democracy; they lose faith in them-selves. We can’t allow that to happen. 
The only way for this body to change, 
for the quality of government to change, is for people to be invested in that change, to have that same sense of solidarity that came after 9/11, not just around disasters, but every day; when it is election day, to make sure to vote; when it is time to write and call your Congressperson, if you have a Congressperson who thinks it is okay to shut down the Department of Home-land Security, call that Congressperson, show up at their town hall meeting. Guess what. It is not okay to play games with our national security. 
As my colleague from Pennsylvania 
pointed out, many kindergartners are more mature than somebody who ei-ther wants to have it their way or not at all and to send all the toys home. That is really what we face here in this scenario. I think we have really hit upon one of the reasons that people of all ages, but particularly younger peo-ple, are losing faith not just in this in-stitution, but as a part of the democ-racy it represents and how it really is our role to try and reinfuse that hope in not just, again, the competency of this institution, but the institution of representative government and the vi-sion that our Founding Fathers put in place through the Constitution. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you, Mr. P
OLIS. 
Something we haven’t really talked 
too much about yet, and we have al-luded to the fact that we are charging these transportation safety officers with detecting these hidden bombs that al Qaeda is determined to put on our airplanes, we are charging the Border Patrol agents to protect our border and make sure that is secure, but if this shutdown happens, they still have to do that job. The threats continue to elevate and escalate, but those employ-ees will not get paid. 
I wonder what my colleague from 
Massachusetts, Mr. M
OULTON , someone 
who flies home, logs a lot of miles going back and forth between Wash-ington and his district, flying into Logan, you look those transportation safety officers in the eye every week when you are coming to Washington and getting off the plane in Boston, what is the morale going to be among our TSA workforce, among our Border Patrol workforce if they still have to do the job as the threats escalate but we are not going to pay them? 
Mr. MOULTON. Thank you, Mr. 
S
WALWELL . 
There is no question that their mo-
rale and their mission effectiveness will be hurt. In fact, it will hurt my own morale because I am very proud to serve in the United States Congress, but I am not going to be proud to walk through that security gate and have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.063 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1159 February 25, 2015 
look them in the eye when they recog-
nize that I am partly responsible, as a Member of this body, for not giving them the basic pay that they need for their families. 
You know, another element of the 
Department of Homeland Security is the U.S. Coast Guard, and many of us know that the U.S. Coast Guard pro-tects our shores. I represent the fishing community of Gloucester north of Bos-ton, and Gloucester has gone through some hard times and has often had to rely on the Coast Guard to save its fishermen in the worst storms. Those Coast Guardsmen not only protect fish-ermen in Gloucester. They also work with our military and Department of Defense overseas. There are Coast Guardsmen and -women stationed in the Middle East today. 
Can you imagine having to do such a 
difficult mission, to be in the Persian Gulf defending American ships against the threat of an Iranian attack and yet not knowing whether your rent will be paid back at home? That is an unac-ceptable risk for us to take, and it is an unacceptable burden for us to ask them to bear. You are absolutely right, sir, this is going to severely impact their morale. When morale is im-pacted, it hurts their ability to do this incredibly important job. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. While 
the workers are going to still have to do the job and not get paid, much of the Department will shut down, and an important part that will shut down will be Department of Homeland Secu-rity grants. 
I have had the opportunity in just 
the last few weeks to go and visit about a half dozen firehouses. I call them firehouse chats. I just pop in and meet with the brave men and women who are serving as firefighters in our community. If this shutdown happens, for example, we will see all of the as-sistance to firefighters’ grants stopped. So the men and women who are re-sponding to car accidents, building fires, God forbid, if a terrorist attack occurred, the people who are going to run into the burning buildings, who rely upon these grants to hire fire-fighters, to give them the equipment they need, that is all going to be stopped. 
So I am wondering if you have heard 
in your district or if you have talked to your law enforcement and public safety officials about the grants they depend upon and what it would mean if that funding just went cold. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. It would be, in a word, dev-astating. 
I am proud of the fact that a part of 
the district I represent is the city of Philadelphia, Philadelphia Fire De-partment, one of the largest and oldest in our Nation, also a number of volun-teer fire departments in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. There are so many of them around the country. To put them in this position is just deeply unfair. I am also thinking, as I am looking 
to my friend to the right, fellow fresh-man, Mr. M
OULTON , he happens to be 
from Massachusetts. They right now are devastated with mountains of snow that fortunately most of us in the rest of the country, while we have had snow, not nearly the way they have had it in New England. It is important to note that a number of those who work in FEMA are the officials who re-ceive those grant applications, those emergency applications that so many in Massachusetts and Vermont and other parts of New England and other parts of the country are applying for right now because they have been so overstretched, given this incredible winter that we have had and record breaking in terms of snow. So they can keep on doing the applications and ap-plying for assistance. The only problem is, come Saturday, we shut down the Department of Homeland Security, there will be no one on the other end to receive them. 
I want to make one final point, and I 
think that this really strikes at the heart of why we are here and why the Future Forum was created. 
This is my first year in the House. I 
might end up serving one term, might end up serving 10, who knows? For any-one who serves here, they all talk about the fact that it goes by ex-tremely quickly. We, right now, are Members of a body with an approval rating of approximately 9 percent. I don’t want to dedicate my life to public service in an area that is so poorly re-garded by the American people. That is not something I want to do. I don’t think that is something that other Members on the other side want to do. 
It is important to our American de-
mocracy that whatever your ideology may be, whatever political positions you may have, we have to show the American people that their institu-tions of government can work. The American people, the overwhelming majority of Democrats and Repub-licans, have lost confidence in us, in all of us. I don’t think this kind of a polit-ical fight, frankly, benefits either side. I think it is only a race to who loses less. We can end this now. Let’s do the responsible thing, the mature thing, the right thing. Fund Homeland Secu-rity, and then get on to the important debates that we must be having. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. That 
is right, Mr. B
OYLE . Mr. M OULTON  
talked about this. We are taking an issue—immigration—that there are two sharply different sides on in this House, and that is fine. That debate needs to happen. Most people on our side, almost everyone on our side wants a pathway to citizenship. But that debate must happen. 
Because of that debate, what we are 
seeing is the one issue that we have al-ways agreed on since the Department of Homeland Security was created is now as divisive as the immigration issue, meaning that the Republicans would like to politicize an issue that has always had bipartisan support and 
make that just as divisive as they have made the immigration issue. I think that is, frankly, unfortunate. 
Mr. M
OULTON , I would invite you to 
close here on just your overall perspec-tive on why we should or should not tie immigration to Department of Home-land Security funding. 
Mr. MOULTON. Thank you, Mr. 
S
WALWELL . 
You are absolutely right, because im-
migration is a debate that we need to have. It is a national security debate in and of itself. We cannot hold the De-partment of Homeland Security hos-tage to that debate. It needs to occur. We ought to have that debate. We ought to have it here on the floor of the House. But our most sacred respon-sibility and the present threat here is to make sure that our people are safe. 
b1830 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania, my friend and colleague, Mr. B
OYLE , for bringing up the issue of 
FEMA grants. We have been faced with unprecedented snowfall in Massachu-setts, and it has put our first respond-ers to the test. They are providing for the security of the people of Massachu-setts right now, and we are all banding together to make sure that we get the FEMA grants that we need and de-serve. In fact, it is a great example of a crisis that is bringing Republicans and Democrats together. The Demo-cratic delegation of Massachusetts is working hand in hand with our Repub-lican Governor to make sure that we get these applications in so that we can get this funding that we desperately need. Yet that is all going to grind to a halt if the Department of Homeland Security is not funded. 
Right here, today, we can see the ef-
fects that failing to fund the Depart-ment, shutting it down, will have. Even worse would be if we had to see the ef-fects of another attack on our home-land. Having been to the Middle East in the past week, having seen the unprec-edented challenges that our first re-sponders face at home, we cannot af-ford to put our Nation’s security at risk. All of the young people out there—those who are our age in the Fu-ture Forum—want a government that works. They want a government they can believe in, and they want a govern-ment that will make them safe. 
Let’s pass a clean funding bill. Let’s 
fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity. And let’s show the American people that our Congress can do its job. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
thank the gentleman from Massachu-setts. I thank my colleagues from Cali-fornia, Colorado, and from Pennsyl-vania. 
Mr. Speaker, I will close by saying, 
as Mr. M
OULTON alluded to, our prin-
cipal responsibility can be found in, lit-erally, the first sentence of the Con-stitution, which is: We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union . . . to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.065 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1160 February 25, 2015 
the common defense of the United 
States. 
There is no agency that has a harder 
job or a job that is more important in protecting our homeland than the De-partment of Homeland Security. We should be here today, on our first evening of the Future Forum, talking about the rising amount of student debt that millennials carry. We should be here today talking about how hard it is to get a job if you are a young per-son and if you have just finished col-lege. We should be here today talking about how hard it is to buy a home if you are carrying all of this student debt. We should be talking about the need for diversity and about having a pathway to citizenship for immigra-tion. 
Instead, bizarrely, we are here talk-
ing about the real possibility that the Department of Homeland Security, cre-ated out of a bipartisan coalition in the early 2000s, could shut down and leave us more vulnerable. 
I hope that our better angels will 
guide us. I hope that the spirit that those House Members had when they stood on the steps of the Capitol after September 11 prevails, that we work more collaboratively, and that we re-member, at the end of the day, we are charged with protecting the people. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S 
CONSTITUTIONAL OVERREACH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the opportunity to address the House this evening, and I appreciate the opportunity to continue the con-versation that was started by my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle tonight. 
Listen, there is a future in this body 
that, hopefully, is going to look a lot different than what it has looked like in past decades. I would fully concur that government should work and that we should keep the government open, but we must also defend the Constitu-tion, and that is the paradox that we are faced with this week. I rise with some frustration from my side of the aisle and from what I have seen from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in recent days. 
I have seen speeches upon speeches 
upon speeches about a partial shut-down of the Department of Homeland Security. I have seen big signs in the well of this House, scaring the Amer-ican people about a potential partial shutdown. I have seen press con-
ferences across the country, including in my hometown of the Tampa Bay area, scaring the American people about something that has not yet hap-pened. Recognize that all of these speeches, all of these signs are coming not from members of our community, not from the people who elected us; these speeches, these signs—the ‘‘sky is falling’’ mentality—are coming from our elected leaders, from Members of this body. 
Why does that matter? Why do I rise 
tonight to continue the conversation started by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle? 
It is this: all we are hearing are 
speeches, and all we are seeing are signs. We are not hearing solutions. 
To this entire body—to both sides of 
the aisle—our constitutional authority was infringed upon when the President signed his executive order. That is not a partisan issue. We have a responsi-bility to confront that constitutional overreach. Yes, one mechanism we used to do that was the power of the purse. That is a fundamental power of this body, the power of the purse, and it was appropriate that we responded to the President’s unconstitutional overreach by exercising our constitutional privi-lege, that of the appropriations proc-ess. 
Here is what I would point out to the 
American people tonight about the speeches that they hear from my friends and colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Recognize something very important: what is being presented in the midst of this debate over the con-stitutional overreach of the President is merely an ‘‘all or nothing’’ approach. It is either we pass a clean bill—and as the leader on the other side said, he will deliver 188 votes if we pass a clean bill—or it is nothing. Friends, col-leagues, that is not legislating. That is using the bully pulpit. That is politics. That is not legislating. 
So what I would ask tonight is: 
Where are the solutions? Where is the conviction on the other side of the aisle? Where are the efforts to pass a bill that accommodates all Members of this body, Members on the other side, and, yes, something the President can sign? 
You see, I am actually a Member of 
Congress who thinks that the first pri-ority of this body is to fund the govern-ment and to fund the Department of Homeland Security. I am looking to work with colleagues on the other side of the aisle to say: How do we do that? We have a responsibility to do that. 
I have three Coast Guard installa-
tions in my district. They are men and women—it is absolutely true what is talked about—who will have to go to work on Saturday morning with only the promise to be paid later. That is wrong. That is a failure of this Con-gress if we let that happen. 
We do have until Friday evening to 
solve this, and I believe we will, but I am asking, actually, for accommoda-tion and cooperation from the other 
side of the aisle. What will it take? What will it take? 
Think about this: Rather than put-
ting signs on the floor, rather than condemning our side of the aisle for trying to respond to the constitutional overreach of the President, what if we talk about provisions that will actu-ally build consensus and get a majority of this body, regardless of Republican, Democrat, Independent—whoever you are—to fund the Department of Home-land Security and to also respond to the constitutional overreach of the President? I think we can get there. 
Do you know what I have never heard 
from the other side of the aisle? I have never heard: What if we remove the funding prohibition in the original House bill that prohibited the imple-mentation, the further exercise, of DACA? They criticized it. If we remove it, does that get us the votes to pass a bill? 
I understand there is disagreement 
over the President’s executive order from last September. I think it was wrong. Members on the other side don’t. A Federal judge has said it is un-constitutional. The President of the United States said over 20 times he didn’t have the authority to do it. Yet he did it. What if we allowed 6 months to let the courts work their will? It is perfectly reasonable. 
If you are a Member of this Congress 
who stood up on opening day and took the oath to defend and protect the Con-stitution of the United States, to de-fend and protect the obligation of your office, why don’t we agree upon a 6- month delay in the implementation of the President’s executive order, an ex-ecutive order a Federal judge has al-ready put a hold on? Does that get us there? Does that get us the votes nec-essary? 
What my colleagues on the other side 
of the aisle tonight said is absolutely true: Congress should work, Congress should govern. The American people should expect that of all of us. 
It doesn’t matter our partisan affili-
ations, but it does matter whether or not we truly exercise the convictions about which we pontificate on the floor here tonight. It is not about signs. It is not about the bully pulpit. It is not about press conferences. 
Any Member who stands up here to-
night, Republican or Democrat, and says that we will be worse off as a na-tion on Friday night if we have not funded the Department of Homeland Security is absolutely right. We must fund the government. But where is the effort on the other side of the aisle to actually reach a compromise? It is not there. 
I promise you that I have watched 
my colleagues from the time I got here this week—every speech. The leader on the other side of the aisle made an im-passioned speech about the importance of funding Homeland Security, and he is right. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.066 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1161 February 25, 2015 
My question is this: When will you 
abandon your ‘‘all or nothing’’ ap-proach? Because exactly what you criticize this side of the aisle for is ex-actly the type of behavior that my col-leagues on the other side are engaging in as well. We have failed the American people if we let that lack of coopera-tion overtake this body and lead us off a cliff on Friday night. 
The question to my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle is: Who is willing to step forward with a proposal that gets us there as a body? 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time 
this evening. I look forward to ensur-ing that our Department of Homeland Security is fully funded come Friday night. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO CUBA AND OF THE EMERGENCY AUTHORITY RELATING TO THE REGULATION OF THE ANCHOR-AGE AND MOVEMENT OF VES-SELS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–12) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent the enclosed notice to the Federal Reg-
ister for publication, stating that the 
national emergency declared on March 1, 1996, with respect to the Government of Cuba’s destruction of two unarmed U.S.-registered civilian aircraft in international airspace north of Cuba on February 24, 1996, as amended and ex-panded on February 26, 2004, is to con-tinue in effect beyond March 1, 2015. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , February 25, 2015. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 42 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2156 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. V ALADAO ) at 9 o’clock 
and 56 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–29) on the resolution (H. Res. 125) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for pub-lic education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the per-formance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of 
official business with POTUS. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 26, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
537. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Clothianidin; Pesticide Toler-ances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA-HQ- OPP-2014-0253; FRL-9919-59] received Feb-ruary 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
538. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Ohio; PSD Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, and 2010 SO2 NAAQS [EPA-R05-OAR-2011-0888; EPA-R05-OAR-2011-0969; EPA-R05-OAR-2012- 0991; EPA-R05-OAR-2013-0435; FRL-9923-48-Re-gion 5] received February 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
539. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Ohio; Transportation Conformity [EPA-R05- OAR-2014-0662; FRL-9923-45-Region 5] re-ceived February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
540. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of 
Implementation Plans; Mississippi; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards [EPA-R04-OAR-2012-0698; FRL-9923-55- Region 4] received February 24, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
541. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; South Carolina; In-frastructure Requirements for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R04-OAR-2012-0694; FRL- 9923-56-Region 4] received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
542. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Direct Final Approval of Other Solid Waste Incineration Units State Plan for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants: Indiana [EPA-R05-OAR-2009-0554; FRL- 9923-35-Region 5] received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
543. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Implementation of the 2008 Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone: State Implementation Plan Require-ments [EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0885; FRL-9917-29- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR34) received February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
544. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants; Delega-tion of Authority to Oklahoma [EPA-R06- OAR-2008-0063; FRL-9923-22-Region 6] re-ceived February 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
545. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Authority to Louisiana [EPA-R06-OAR-2010- 1054; FRL-9923-11-Region 6] received Feb-ruary 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
546. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Promulgation of State Air Quality Implementation Plans for Des-ignated Facilities and Pollutants: Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming; Negative Declarations; Control of Emissions from Existing Sewage Sludge Incineration Units [EPA-R08-OAR- 2014-0811; FRL-9923-40-Region 8] received Feb-ruary 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
547. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Protection System Maintenance Reliability Standard [Docket No.: RM14-8-000; Order No.: 803] received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
548. A letter from the Assistant Director 
for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Sudanese Sanctions Regulations received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE7.067 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1162 February 25, 2015 
801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
549. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for Coastal Migratory Pelagic Re-sources of the Gulf of Mexico and South At-lantic [Docket No.: 001005281-0369-02] (RIN: 0648-XD709) received February 23, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
550. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Automatic De-pendent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) Out Performance Requirements To Support Air Traffic Control (ATC) Service; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FAA-2007-29305; Amdt. No.: 91-334] (RIN: 2120-AI92) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
551. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Immediately adopted final rule — Re-moval of Special Federal Aviation Regula-tion No. 87 — Prohibition Against Certain Flights Within the Territory and Airspace of Ethiopia [Docket No.: FAA-2000-7360; Amdt. No.: 91-335] (RIN: 2120-AK59) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
552. A letter from the Chief Counsel, Saint 
Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Seaway Regu-lations and Rules: Periodic Update, Various Categories (2135-AA36) received February 20, 2014, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
553. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0146; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-243-AD; Amendment 39-18094; AD 2015-02-25] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
554. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0750; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-147-AD; Amendment 39-18097; AD 2015-03-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
555. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0079; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-091- AD; Amendment 39-18085; AD 2015-02-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
556. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0624; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-005-AD; Amendment 39-18072; AD 2015-02-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
557. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0142; Directorate Identifier 2012-NM-161- AD; Amendment 39-18093; AD 2015-02-24] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
558. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Technify Motors GmbH (Type Certifi-cate Previously Held by Thielert Aircraft Engines GmbH) Reciprocating Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2010-0683; Directorate Identifier 2010-NE-25-AD; Amendment 39- 18065; AD 2015-02-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
559. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. (Type Certificate Cur-rently Held By AgustaWestland S.p.A.) (Agusta) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0465; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-044-AD; Amendment 39-18089; AD 2015-02-21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
560. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0230; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-242- AD; Amendment 39-18070; AD 2015-02-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
561. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Viking Air Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0096; Directorate Identifier 2014-CE-040-AD; Amendment 39-18077; AD 2015-02-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
562. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Costruzioni Aeronautiche Tecnam srl Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0876; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-CE-032-AD; Amendment 39-18076; AD 2015-02-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
563. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0087; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-234- AD; Amendment 39-18098; AD 2015-03-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
564. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0078; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-235- AD; Amendment 39-18084; AD 2015-02-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
565. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2009-1088; Direc-torate Identifier 2008-SW-76-AD; Amendment 39-18091; AD 2014-12-11 R1] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
566. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (formerly Eurocopter France) [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 0133; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-066-AD; Amendment 39-18088; AD 2014-22-51] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. FOXX: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 125. Resolution providing for fur-ther consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to sup-port State and local accountability for pub-lic education, protect State and local au-thority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–29). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R AN-
GEL, and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 1055. A bill to improve access to oral 
health care for vulnerable and underserved populations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, Veterans’ Affairs, and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , 
and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): 
H.R. 1056. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for protection of maritime navigation and prevention of nu-clear terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Ms. L
OFGREN , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER ): 
H.R. 1057. A bill to amend title 35, United 
States Code, to provide for an exception from infringement for certain component parts of motor vehicles; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 1058. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to en-sure that Internal Revenue Service employ-ees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25FE7.000 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1163 February 25, 2015 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 1059. A bill to prohibit the Internal 
Revenue Service from asking taxpayers questions regarding religious, political, or social beliefs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself and Mr. 
GARAMENDI ): 
H.R. 1060. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to take actions to support non- Federal investments in water infrastructure improvements in the Sacramento Valley, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself 
and Ms. F
UDGE ): 
H.R. 1061. A bill to reauthorize the farm to 
school program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-
self, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. P ETERSON , and 
Mr. R OKITA ): 
H.R. 1062. A bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill 
of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revi-sion of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. N
EAL, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. 
ROSKAM , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R ENACCI , 
Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. B ECERRA ): 
H.R. 1063. A bill to amend the Harmonized 
Tariff Schedule of the United States to eliminate tariffs on technological goods pro-viding educational value for children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. 
L
OEBSACK , and Mr. K IND): 
H.R. 1064. A bill to reinstate year-round 
Federal Pell Grants under the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 1065. A bill to require that States re-
ceiving Byrne JAG funds to require sensi-tivity training for law enforcement officers of that State; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-
self and Mr. P
OMPEO ): 
H.R. 1066. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to promote the use of adaptive trial designs, Bayesian methods, and other innovative statistical methods in clinical protocols for drugs, bio-logical products, and devices, and with re-spect to the requirement to conduct post-approval studies and clinical trials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1067. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend the temporary expan-sion of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to ensure that judges of the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims may enroll in the Federal Em-ployee Group Life Insurance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself and Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska): 
H.R. 1068. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to carry out a tribal trans-portation self-governance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-
self and Mr. C
UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 1069. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to require information on con-tributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 1070. A bill to provide for adequate 
and equitable educational opportunities for students in State public school systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 1071. A bill to amend section 1120A(c) 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to assure comparability of oppor-tunity for educationally disadvantaged stu-dents; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 1072. A bill to establish a commission 
to conduct a comprehensive review of Fed-eral agencies and programs and to rec-ommend the elimination or realignment of duplicative, wasteful, or outdated functions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): 
H.R. 1073. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to secure critical infra-structure against electromagnetic threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. T AKAI): 
H.R. 1074. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to exempt certain flights from increased aviation security service fees; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Ms. 
M
CSALLY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. 
GOSAR ): 
H.R. 1075. A bill to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry‘‘; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. F ARR): 
H.R. 1076. A bill to increase public safety 
by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK (for herself, 
Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. G ALLEGO ): 
H.R. 1077. A bill to modify the boundary of 
the Casa Grande Ruins National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Ms. E
SHOO , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  
of California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. S PEIER , and 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 1078. A bill to amend the Balanced 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to exempt from sequestration certain user fees of the Food and Drug Administra-tion; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
RYAN of Ohio, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P AYNE , 
and Mr. K ENNEDY ): 
H.R. 1079. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide grants to States to establish a com-prehensive school counseling program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself and Ms. M
ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): 
H.R. 1080. A bill to amend the Individuals 
with Disabilities Education Act in order to limit the penalties to a State that does not meet its maintenance of effort level of fund-ing to a one-time penalty, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P EARCE , 
and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 1081. A bill to assist coordination 
among science, technology, engineering, and mathematics efforts in the States, to strengthen the capacity of elementary schools, middle schools, and secondary schools to prepare students in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. 
PEARCE ): 
H.R. 1082. A bill to strengthen Indian edu-
cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1083. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to apply the Medicare restriction on self-referral to State plan requirements under Medicaid, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. 
L
AMBORN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. R USSELL , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
and Mr. C OLE): 
H.R. 1084. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to modify the criteria for se-lecting communities to participate in the Small Community Air Service Development Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 1085. A bill to repeal the Prevention 
and Public Health Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. 
G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. P OMPEO ): 
H.R. 1086. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to issue or revise regulations with re-spect to the medical certification of certain small aircraft pilots, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25FE7.100 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1164 February 25, 2015 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself 
and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 1087. A bill to ensure that methods of 
collecting taxes and fees by private citizens on behalf of State and local jurisdictions are fair and effective and do not discriminate against interstate commerce for wireless telecommunications services; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-
self, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
KILMER ): 
H.R. 1088. A bill to extend the trade adjust-
ment assistance program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska): 
H.R. 1089. A bill to help fulfill the Federal 
mandate to provide higher educational op-portunities for Native American Indians; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Mr. 
G
ARRETT ): 
H.R. 1090. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1091. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to use negotiated rulemaking to develop a rule about agriculture quarantine inspection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1092. A bill to designate the Federal 
building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Ave-nue in Miramar, Florida, as the ‘‘Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Bureau of Investigation Miami Field Office‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H. Res. 124. A resolution electing Members 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H. Res. 126. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing United States efforts to promote Israeli- Palestinian peace; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H. Res. 127. A resolution recognizing line-
men, the profession of linemen, the contribu-tions of these brave men and women who protect public safety, and expressing support for the designation of March 31, 2015, as Na-tional Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 1053 Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States, ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 1055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 1056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, of the Con-
stitution 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, of the Con-
stitution 
Article II, Section 2, Clause 2, of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 1057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the Con-
stitution which says, ‘‘To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by se-curing for limited Times to Authors and In-ventors the exclusive Right to their respec-tive Writings and Discoveries.’’ 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 1058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 1059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. L
AMALFA: 
H.R. 1060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution 
grants Congress the authority to regulate commerce between the states, and has pre-viously been used to authorize the Bureau of Reclamation, which this bill addresses. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority for this bill is 
pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 1062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
‘‘Congress shall have the power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
General Aviation contributes $150 billion 
to the U.S. economy and supports 1.2 million jobs. This legislation will both protect the rights of over 400,000 general aviation pilots currently flying and encourage more to par-ticipate in this community. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 1063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mrs. BUSTOS: 
H.R. 1064. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 1065. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce Clause, Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 1066. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1067. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1068. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1069. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. The Con-
gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 1070. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the United States Constitution, the Con-gress shall have the power ‘‘[t]o regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 1071. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the United States Constitution, the Con-gress shall have the power ‘‘[t]o regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 1072. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25FE7.100 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1165 February 25, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Con-stitution, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any De-partment or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: 
H.R. 1073. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 1074. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 1075. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 1076. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 1077. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 18 To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 1078. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United 
States Constitution 
This states that ‘‘Congress shall have 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare fo the United States 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1079. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 1080. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 1081. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 1082. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. McDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1083. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 1084. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 1085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. ROKITA: 
H.R. 1086. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 1087. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clauses 1 and 3 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 1088. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 3—‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. TIPTON: 
H.R. 1089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in Congress). 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 1090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3’s authority to 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article 
I, Section 8, Clause 18 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H.R. 178: Mr. R OKITA and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 188: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
HASTINGS , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 197: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 199: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 217: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. C REN-
SHAW . 
H.R. 231: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D ESANTIS , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 249: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R OKITA , and 
Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 281: Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mr. A US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 284, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 335: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 353: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 354: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 358: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S ERRANO , and 
Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 438: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 451: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 452: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 456: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. 
LYNCH . 
H.R. 461: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 465: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C RAMER , and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 532: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H.R. 546: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. 
CRENSHAW . 
H.R. 555: Mr. M ARCHANT and Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK . 
H.R. 571: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 583: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 584: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 590: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 594: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R USSELL , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, and Mr. 
PALMER . 
H.R. 600: Mr. H ECKof Washington and Mr. 
RANGEL . 
H.R. 609: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 620: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 654: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 663: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia. 
H.R. 674: Mr. B EYER and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 680: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 689: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 699: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 700: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. D ELBENE, 
and Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 703: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
MCCAUL, and Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 704: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. M CCAUL, and Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 707: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, and Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 712: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 716: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 727: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia, and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 729: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 732: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 751: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 756: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 757: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. 
REICHERT . 
H.R. 767: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 774: Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 797: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 803: Ms. F OXXand Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 818: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 823: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P ETERS , 
and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 842: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. K ILMER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.029 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1166 February 25, 2015 
H.R. 843: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 850: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 855: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 864: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 867: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 880: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 882: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 887: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
and Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 894: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 902: Mr. H OYER . 
H.R. 903; Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 916: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 918: Mr. C OLE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , and Mr. 
HILL. 
H.R. 919: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. V ELA, Mr. R YANof Ohio Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 923: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 924: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 940: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. C LAW-
SONof Florida, and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 955: Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. M CSALLY , and 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 963: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 975: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C HAFFETZ , and 
Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 981: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. 
BOUSTANY . 
H.R. 986: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 988: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 996: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 1004: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1005: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1006: Mr. S ARBANES and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1009: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . 
H.R. 1017: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1021: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 1024: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. S ABLAN , and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1026: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 1031: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. K IND, Mr. V ELA, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
SCHRADER , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. K EATING , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. T ORRES , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
KILDEE , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Ms. E STY, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Ms. K USTER , Ms. M ENG, Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mr. M URPHY of Flor-
ida, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. B EYER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
PELOSI , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S IRES, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
CLYBURN , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. L EVIN, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1032: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.J. Res. 33: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
and Mr. H UNTER . 
H. Res. 15: Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H. Res. 28: Ms. H AHN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
COOK, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
and Mr. T AKAI. 
H. Res. 45: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H. Res. 54: Ms. L EE, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UIZ, 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
and Mr. C OOK. 
H. Res. 93: Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 112: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H. Res. 122: Mr. M ARINO . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative K LINE, or a designee, to H.R. 5, 
Student Success Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE7.024 H25FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1085 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2015 No. 32 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. We acknowledge today, O Lord, Your 
power, mercy, and grace. We need Your power, for the challenges we face re-quire more than human wisdom and strength. We need Your mercy, for we transgress Your law and fall short of Your glory. We need Your grace, for we cannot offer anything to merit Your favor or gain Your love. 
Empower our Senators for today’s 
journey. Lord, give them confidence to draw near to You, that they may find grace to help them in this time of need. In an unstable world, where freedom lovers are challenged to live coura-geously, guide our lawmakers to be models of courage. May they send the right signals to an unstable and dan-gerous world. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 240. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday President Obama took the ex-treme step of vetoing good American jobs. He sided with partisan extremists and powerful special interests over the middle class. 
It says a lot about the priorities of 
this administration. But if the White House thinks this is the end of the new Congress’s push for American jobs, it is wrong. I will soon have more to say about this and what the Senate plans to do. 
For the moment, the Senate is fo-
cused on overcoming another extreme idea: the Democrats’ Homeland Secu-rity filibuster to defend Executive overreach. 
Many Senate Democrats led their 
constituents to believe they would do something about the kind of Executive overreach President Obama referred to as ‘‘unwise and unfair’’ and ignoring the law. Those are the words of the President of the United States. We have since heard excuses from Demo-crats to cover for their refusal to do so. But the time for excuses has now passed. Democrats will soon have an-other chance to prove they were seri-ous. 
Later this week, the Senate will con-
sider a bill from the senior Senator from Maine that is about as reasonable as you can get. Obviously, President Obama was right to refer to the kind of overreach he took in November as ig-noring the law. Senator C
OLLINS ’ sen-
sible bill focuses simply on preventing the most egregious example of Execu-tive overreach from taking effect. It is as simple as that. 
The Collins bill is not tied to funding 
of DHS, either. So there are no excuses left. Democrats should join us in vot-
ing for this commonsense legislation. 
In the meantime, we have offered 
Democrats a chance to prove they were serious about something else, and that is funding the Department of Homeland Security. 
It is really something to watch 
Democrats vote and block funding for this Department one day and then hold a hypocritical press conference the next. Democrats need to end their weeks-long filibuster of Homeland Se-curity funding and end it right now. 
We have continually offered them 
sensible opportunities to do so. Yester-day, we offered them yet another. But it will require their cooperation to achieve. 
The dual-pronged approach I have 
outlined—allowing the Senate to stop unwise and unfair overreach on the one hand and to fund DHS through the fis-cal year on the other—is a sensible way forward, but it can’t be achieved with-out cross-partisan cooperation. 
The onus continues to be on the 
Democratic Party to keep the Depart-ment of Homeland Security funded. Democrats can fund DHS now—not by holding more hypocritical press con-ferences but by ending their senseless filibuster and cooperating across the aisle. 
That is what Americans expect. That 
is what Democrats can finally work to-gether with us on to get done now. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.000 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1086 February 25, 2015 
The Senator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, it is my 
understanding that we are in morning business with permission to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, when I 
reran for the Senate in 2010, there were two major issues that dominated the campaign and that continue to domi-nate the discussion and debate in the Senate postelection. One was the Af-fordable Care Act, now called ObamaCare, which was pushed through without any bipartisan support. There was a lot of concern among the Amer-ican people about the impact this would have on their lives. That was an issue of intense discussion and debate during that campaign. 
The second was the plunge into debt 
at a level Americans had never seen be-fore in the history of the country. It took nearly 200 years, from the begin-ning of our Nation until 1981, to reach the $1 trillion debt mark. That is a lot of governing. That is a lot of growth of America. But we were essentially on a path—including expenditures for war and so forth—that didn’t take us deep-ly into debt relative to our gross do-mestic product. 
All of a sudden, in 2010, there was the 
revelation that debt held by the public was rapidly nearing the $10 trillion mark—a tenfold increase in less than 30 years. It took 190 plus years to get to the first $1 trillion and only 30 years to add ten times that amount. That was a hot topic of debate during the 2010 elec-tion. During that election, the Amer-ican people came out in significant numbers and said: Get to Washington and do something about this. 
In the background, a debt clock was 
ticking away, and not only on my website but clocks around the country at different times, and people were as-tonished at how fast those numbers were churning. 
That led to a pretty intense effort on 
the part of both parties and on the part of many organizations. I can remember Simpson-Bowles—a former Chief of Staff of President Bill Clinton along with a former distinguished Senator from Wyoming, a Republican and a Democrat together—Simpson-Bowles. The public was getting behind this—a $4 trillion, over 10 year fix to the prob-lem. It was pretty dramatic, yet there was a lot of momentum for it. That was shot down, unfortunately, by the President when it was presented. 
Following that, we had the Gang of 6, 
a bipartisan effort, and the Joint Com-mittee on Deficit Reduction—the group of 12, 6 Democrats and 6 Republicans working diligently to try to put some-thing together, along with outside or-ganizations, to fix the debt. There were any number of these—the Domenici Rivlin task force—proposals that were worked on together in a bipartisan way, realizing that as the debt was 
continuing to accumulate it was going to have major negative consequences to the future of our children and grand-children and perhaps even our own gen-eration. 
We stand here today, having gone 
through all that—the Vitter com-mittee, which I was a part of; eight of us agreeing with the President, with no staff and no press, closed room, months and months and months of negotia-tion—only once again to come up short. Ultimately, we sacrificed so many things we thought we needed to do just to get something going. But once again it was shot down in the end by a President who really wasn’t will-ing to accept even the provisions he had proposed in his budget proposal that was publicly proposed. We took those and said: Can we at least do these, Mr. President? You have an-nounced this is your initiative. But it was a no go. 
Well, as a member of the Committee 
on Appropriations, I then tried to work with various agencies. They all had to come before us to make their requests known for the coming year. I asked them: Do you have a plan B in place? What do you mean plan B? What is plan B all about? 
Plan B is the fact that mandatory 
spending is running away with our budget and the available amount of money for your discretionary spending is shrinking every year. So what is your plan B in terms of having less money available, whether it is for health care, for education, for building roads? All of the discretionary issues that fall under the discretionary spend-ing that we are in control of, we no longer have control of. That is shrink-ing and you are going to have to do more with less. And I asked that they provide a plan B before they could get my clearance in terms of supporting their requests. 
They never came forward. No, we 
have to stay with what the President’s budget is and so forth. So here we are now, over $8 trillion more than where we were in 2010, and an $18 trillion-plus deficit. 
Everyone knows this is 
unsustainable. Everyone in America knows we are careening toward insol-vency, with an inability to cover even some of the most basic functions of government. 
I talk to agencies about a policy of 
triage. I suggested they separate out what they absolutely essentially have to do and we will fund it. Then part B is what they would like to do if they had the money to do it. Part C is their asking: Why are we doing that in the first place or that program is long past its need, its existence or it hasn’t worked. Let’s start there, with part C, and let’s get rid of excess spending that has no real function going forward or it is duplication or fraud or waste or whatever. 
That leads me now to this poster. I 
have kind of gone from acting like the President’s Chief of Staff to the co- 
chair of the ‘‘go big guy’’ in terms of what we need to do. We can’t go there, but maybe we can go a little. And we are all the way down now to what I call ‘‘waste of the week.’’ 
Let us at least identify those things 
that the Government Accountability Office and the Congressional Budget Office have identified as those things we know don’t work, that we know are a waste, that we know are duplication, and let’s see if we can get at least some start in terms of dealing with this debt. 
Senator Coburn took the lead on that 
in the last several sessions of Congress. We are going to miss him because no one can do it better than he did in pointing out and really embarrassing a lot of us in asking: Why are we funding that? I am not trying to take his place. But I did, with my staff, come up with the idea to at least let our colleagues know—those who say we can’t cut a penny more, we have cut too much— that, yes, we can cut more. We can at least do something to address this debt or have money to offset a needed fund-ing program. 
So we are going to inaugurate ‘‘waste 
of the week’’ today. In its debut, I will go back to something I tried to amend when we were addressing the unem-ployment insurance issue. Ultimately, I was not able to offer the amendment thanks to the majority leader’s filling of the tree and not allowing any amendments. I made a big stink about it. I didn’t understand why we could not at least take that up. 
So waste of the week this week is the 
cost to the taxpayer for those in the safety net receiving Social Security Disability Insurance or unemployment insurance and getting checks from both agencies. 
Now, if you can prove to the appro-
priate government agency that you can’t work, you can be eligible if you go through the process for Social Secu-rity Disability Insurance. But if you go to the Social Security Disability Insur-ance agency and make your claim, you can’t then go to the unemployment in-surance agency and say you can’t work, that you can’t find work, that you are able to work but that you need to get that check from that agency. What has been documented now is the fact that there are very significant numbers of people who are gaming this issue and receiving checks from both agencies. 
Either you can work or you can’t 
work. You are eligible for one safety net program or the other, but not both. That totals $5.7 billion of duplication. 
My amendment that I had offered 
under the unemployment insurance ex-tension in the last Congress was simply to say you can’t do both, and we are going to put procedures in place so we can find out who is doing both. 
One would think this would be pretty 
simple, even in the paper age, but we are in the digital age. I don’t under-stand why the people administering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.002 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1087 February 25, 2015 
this can’t simply take the Social Secu-
rity number and plug it into unemploy-ment insurance and say: Do you have this person’s name with this Social Se-curity number? Are they receiving un-employment insurance? Or vice versa. It ought to be the push of a button on a computer so that it is not all that costly and makes a great deal of sense. 
The worst they would have to do is 
pick up the phone and say: I have John Doe here whose Social Security num-ber is X. He is applying for Social Secu-rity Disability Insurance. Do you have him on the unemployment role? Or vice versa. I am sorry, Mr. Doe, but you can’t do both, and you are gaming the system. This duplication of benefits costs $5.7 billion. That is a pretty good savings. 
This is the first of what will be a 
weekly presentation of programs that are no longer needed, that are duplica-tive, where there is fraud or waste in-volved. I am going to bring this for-ward every week, and we are going to try to add it all up. 
We start here with $5.7 billion, and I 
have my spending thermometer going up to $100 billion. I think we can go much higher than that. Tom Coburn said we could, through his Wastebook and the work he has done. 
So we have already inked it in here. 
We are going to start filling this in by coming here every week. 
People may say: Well, that is small 
change. Look, $5.7 billion is not small change. In comparison to our debt, does it solve the problem? Absolutely not. It is at least a start. Can we at least not come together in sensible things such as this and at least get started in the right direction? 
In the meantime, I think we are still 
going to be pushed into situations by crisis, when no longer the countenance of the investment world in America in terms of the rate of return is accept-able, because the debt continues to ac-cumulate. 
So here we are, back to 2010, back to 
where we were. I know it is not talked about very much at this stage. We have foreign policy issues and domestic issues we have to engage in. But the clock is ticking away, minute after minute, second after second, and it is a continued plunge of the deficit spend-ing—borrowing money we don’t have in order to pay for things we need, but also paying for things we don’t need. 
So I will be here every week with a 
new proposal. We will be filling in this chart, and hopefully at least start us on the process once again of getting through to one major challenge we have here in this Senate, the Congress, and the executive branch, and that is dealing with our debt. It is genera-tional theft. It is putting the burden on our children and grandchildren, and even on workers here today. It is hold-ing down our economy. It is one of the major challenges this Congress has not successfully addressed and which this administration has not successfully ad-dressed. It is kicking the can down the road to the extreme, and we do not 
need to forget that. We need to empha-size it. This is my small step, after many large steps that have failed, to try to continue to alert the American people and alert my colleagues that there is money we can save and spend and run a much more efficient, effec-tive government. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRINCIPLED STEWARDSHIP OF 
THE AMERICAN WEST 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, over 
the past week while I was home in Wy-oming traveling around our State, I had a chance to talk with students about their hopes for the future, and I talked with many small business own-ers about their efforts in trying to cre-ate jobs. 
The people of Wyoming work hard 
and take seriously the Western values of family and community. They are committed—they are committed—to preserving the West’s role in providing natural resources that improve the lives of millions of people all across America. 
This commitment is shared by the 
Senate Western Caucus—a caucus which I chair in the Senate—as well as is shared by the Congressional Western Caucus under the leadership of Wyo-ming Congressman C
YNTHIA LUMMIS . 
Recently, we released a joint report 
titled ‘‘Principled Stewardship of the American West.’’ This new report has details about specific things we should be doing right here in Congress, spe-cific things Washington should let the people in the West do for themselves. The whole report is available on my Web site, Barrasso.senate.gov. 
Now I want to talk about four spe-
cific principles that guide the work of the Western Caucus that are contained in this very report. These principles are based on the idea that the people who live on the land are the best stew-ards of the land. Our main goal is to empower the residents, the workers, and the leaders in the West and local leaders throughout the country to make the decisions that best serve their families and their communities. These principles stand in stark con-trast to the failed approach Wash-ington has taken for far too long. 
The first principle in our report has 
to do with energy. The members of the Western Caucus are united. We will promote access to our Nation’s abun-dant, affordable, secure, diverse, and reliable energy and mineral resources. That means increasing energy security for the United States. We can do that by producing more energy responsibly 
right here at home. It also means open-ing access to international markets so we can help the energy security of our allies as well. 
The second principle we talk about in 
the report ‘‘Principled Stewardship of the American West’’ focuses on envi-ronmental stewardship in the West. We take very seriously our commitment to ensuring the health of the land, the wildlife, and the environment. Thou-sands of people are working across the West to protect our communities. These are people who live in the West, not bureaucrats in Washington, DC. Nobody is better qualified than the people who actually walk the land and breathe the air they are trying to pro-tect. 
Our report encourages locally led 
conservation partnerships to build on the work being done by people who rely on the health and the safety of the land. This means making sure regu-lators base their decisions on science, not on personal ideology, and that their work is done out in the open. On this front I will be introducing legisla-tion to stop the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s takeover of the waters of the United States. 
The third principle in this report fo-
cuses on agriculture and forestry. As an environmental stewardship, the Western Caucus believes the States are better equipped than Washington to de-velop good farm policies. Crops, breeds of livestock, soil types, and the grow-ing seasons vary greatly across this country. These factors come together in the West very differently from what might be seen in the Northeast or in the South. A bureaucrat in Washington simply cannot write regulations that cover every part of the country with any hope of success. Western States must be allowed to make these deci-sions for themselves to help the farm-ing and ranching way of life continue to thrive in America. 
One task we can do at the national 
level is to promote active management of our forests to ensure that our forests remain healthy. As many as 82 million acres of our National Forest System need treatment to deal with the threats of fire, insects, and invasive species. When forests deteriorate, they are more vulnerable to wildfire. Fires cause erosion and threaten water qual-ity. When forests get overgrown and unhealthy, they stifle habitats critical for deer, elk, wild turkeys, and other animals. The members of the Western Caucus know how important it is to re-sponsibly manage our national forests, and we will push for legislation to make sure that continues to happen. 
Finally, the report focuses on a West-
ern approach to judicial and regulatory reform. This includes stopping the law-suit abuse that special interest groups have used to set public policy without the public actually being involved. It includes protecting private property owners from excessive Washington reg-ulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.003 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1088 February 25, 2015 
Agencies such as the Environmental 
Protection Agency and the U.S. Forest Service have a history of interfering with the use of private property. These agencies have fined and bullied land-owners throughout the West. Too often the goal of the bureaucrats is to pro-tect their own turf, not to protect the land or to serve the people. Honest, hard-working taxpayers get crushed be-neath the resources of a Federal legal system that operates without over-sight. The Western Caucus favors con-servation through local cooperation and partnership, not through intimida-tion and an attitude that ‘‘Washington knows best.’’ 
This report’s four principles and the 
ideas it discusses are based on what members in the Western Caucus hear back home. These are the topics I hear from people as I travel around Wyo-ming. These principles promote respon-sible energy, food and timber produc-tion, while preserving what makes the West a unique place in America. 
Last year more than 10 million peo-
ple from around the world visited Wyo-ming. They are drawn by its beauty and natural splendor. The people of Wyoming and all Western States know they have a responsibility to manage and protect the land and waters in a way that allows all of us to enjoy them. The goal of the Senate and Con-gressional Western Caucus is to pre-serve and protect everything that is special about the West so that families who have lived there for generations can continue to live there for genera-tions in the future. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AIRLINE SMOKING BAN 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today 
marks the 25th anniversary of a law that has affected millions of Ameri-cans. It was a law that came about be-cause of a dare. It happened in an air-port in Phoenix, AZ. I was catching a flight from Phoenix to St. Louis—I think to Chicago—and I was late. I ran up to the United Airlines counter, and the ticket agent started processing my ticket to get on the flight. 
She said to me, ‘‘Here is your board-
ing pass,’’ and I looked at it and no-ticed she had put me in the smoking section on the airplane. 
I said to her, ‘‘I don’t want to sit in 
the smoking section. Isn’t there some-thing you can do about this?’’ 
She said, ‘‘You came here too late. 
And incidentally, Congressman, there is something you can do about it.’’ 
I got on that airplane and got stuck 
in the middle seat in the smoking sec-tion in the back of the plane, sur-rounded by smokers, wedged in there, and I looked around the plane and thought: This makes no sense at all. There is an older person who may have a pulmonary problem. There is a moth-er with a baby sitting in a nonsmoking 
section two rows away from me. And I thought to myself: I am going to do something to change this. 
I went back to the House of Rep-
resentatives. I was a relatively new Member of Congress. I introduced a bill to ban smoking on airplanes. My staff thought it was crazy. Nobody had ever beaten the tobacco lobby at anything. To take them and most of the airline industry on was a fool’s errand, but I did it anyway. I got a lot of help along the way from some amazing colleagues. I finally got a chance to bring it to the floor for a vote, and to the shock and surprise of the tobacco lobby, we won. We banned smoking on airplane flights of 2 hours or more. 
I called my friend Frank Lautenberg, 
who was a Senator from New Jersey, and I asked him if he would take up the cause in the U.S. Senate. He agreed to, and he passed the same measure. 
So this day marks the 25th anniver-
sary of the signing into law a ban on smoking on airplanes. It is obvious why it passed. Members of Congress are part of the largest frequent flyer pro-gram in the world, and they hated it as much as I did on that flight from Phoe-nix to Chicago. But it did something I never imagined. Malcolm Gladwell wrote a book called ‘‘The Tipping Point.’’ It turns out that moment was a tipping point because people all across America 25 years ago started asking a very basic question: If second-hand smoke is dangerous in an air-plane, isn’t it dangerous in a train, on a bus, in an office, in hospitals, in res-taurants, in a tavern, in a bingo hall— and the list went on and on. All across the United States, States started changing laws and banning smoking. 
Today, if you walked into the doors 
of the Capitol here smoking a ciga-rette, somebody would stop you and say: Wait a minute, we don’t do that here. In the old days, nobody would think twice and there were ashtrays all over. 
When I first came to the Senate, 
there were no rules when it came to smoking—none. We developed them after I made a few points to those in charge. But that was the culture and the situation 25 years ago. 
I think that effort to take smoking 
off airplanes has led to a lot of other dramatic efforts to protect Americans from secondhand smoke and from dan-gerous situations. I think lives have been saved. There are so many of us who can tell family stories about losses related to lung cancer and pulmonary disease. I can tell my story. 
I was 14 years old when my father 
died of lung cancer. He was 53 years old and smoked two packs of Camels a day. He died an early death. I didn’t stand by his bed at the hospital and say ‘‘I will get even with that tobacco lobby,’’ but I remembered him as I started this ban. 
So I just wanted to make a note in 
the R
ECORD today in the Senate to sa-
lute the memory of my friend Frank Lautenberg, who was my partner in 
passing this important legislation, and to remind us there are other things we can do to make this world a little bet-ter and a little safer. One of those things relates to e-cigarettes, a new in-vention tobacco companies are jump-ing up and down to market to children in America. We have seen in a short pe-riod of time the number of kids using these electronic cigarettes double. It has a chemical in it, the same one that is in cigarettes—nicotine—that is ad-dictive. Tobacco companies know that if they can lure children into cigarettes or e-cigarettes, they are going to cre-ate an addiction in these young people that will be tough to break and won’t be healthy at all. 
I hope the Food and Drug Adminis-
tration will step up and do their job and regulate these products and these e-cigarette products to protect the children across America. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
week we are deciding whether we are going to shut down the Government of the United States of America again. Again. I think it was about a year and a half ago that the Senator from Texas on the other side of the aisle took to the floor and called for shutting down the Government of the United States of America, protesting President Obama’s Affordable Care Act. He did it, and the hardship that created for people all across the United States who relied on essential government services is well documented. The impact it had on the men and women who work in our gov-ernment was also documented. It cost our economy. It was a bad thing to do. It was a political strategy which on re-flection was the absolute worst, to shut down our government. 
Well, this week we face another shut-
down, and this time it is the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. This De-partment is the one Department that is charged with keeping America safe from the threat of terrorism. It was created after 9/11 because we wanted to make sure we put together 22 agencies that worked together to protect us. You see them in so many different places. This agency runs the Coast Guard. Its cutters are patrolling Lake Michigan and our coastline—the Atlan-tic and Pacific and the Gulf of Mexico as well. You see them when you go to the airport—TSA is under the super-vision of the Department of Homeland Security. You may not know it, but your local fire department is depending on grants from this same agency so they can buy new equipment and train the people who are responding to fires in their community. 
Over and over again the Department 
of Homeland Security invests in the safety of America. So why in God’s name would we have a political strat-egy to stop funding the Department of Homeland Security? That is exactly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.004 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1089 February 25, 2015 
what we are faced with—exactly. Come 
the end of this week, this Department will basically lose its funding and be on emergency status. Why would we do that at a time when we have been warned about terrorist groups attack-ing malls across America? We are going to shut down the agency, stop funding the agency that protects us against terrorism in the streets of America. 
At a time when ISIS is kidnapping 
people from all over the world, behead-ing them, burning them to death, kill-ing them by execution, we are going to drop our guard and say: Well, we are not going to fund the Department of Homeland Security. Why in the world would any politicians in either House of Congress think this is a wise tactical move? 
It turns out this funding bill was sent 
to us by the House of Representatives on the condition that we take up the debate over immigration policy in America. I think we need to debate that policy. I have no objection to it. I feel very strongly about some aspects of it. But why would we make the De-partment of Homeland Security play the role of hostage over this debate on immigration? The right thing to do to protect America and the people who live here is to fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
I offered a unanimous consent on the 
floor 2 weeks ago asking the Repub-licans to join the Democrats in funding this Department. Senator M
CCONNELL , 
the majority leader, objected. I think that was a mistake. Now I think we un-derstand, as we reach this deadline of shutting down this valuable agency of our government, that we cannot let this happen. 
What is it about this immigration de-
bate that has driven some politicians in Congress to the point where they are threatening to shut down this Depart-ment, to cut off its funding? It turns out they object to some of the Execu-tive orders issued by the President on immigration. 
Remember, it was the Senate that 
passed a comprehensive immigration bill 2 years ago. I was part of the group that wrote it. We passed it on the floor with 68 votes, and the Republican House of Representatives refused to even call the bill, or any bill, on the subject. And when they failed do any-thing to fix our broken immigration system, the President said: I am going to issue some Executive orders to deal with this problem if Congress refuses to act, and he did. 
The Republicans hated those Execu-
tive orders by President Obama like the devil hates holy water. They hate them so much that they would shut down the Department of Homeland Se-curity in protest over the President’s action. One of the things that troubles them the most is something called DACA. DACA is a shorthand descrip-tion of the President’s Executive order which allows those who would qualify under the DREAM Act to stay in the United States and not be deported. The DREAM Act is a bill I introduced 
14 years ago. I introduced it because I learned there were children brought to America by their undocumented par-ents, who grew up in this country, went to school in this country, were good citizens in America, but had no future because they had no home. My DREAM Act said if you were one of those chil-dren brought here by your parents, we are not going to hold you responsible for your parents’ decision. We will give you a chance to become legal in Amer-ica. That is what the DREAM Act said. That is all it said. The President’s Ex-ecutive order said: We are not going to deport these young children now grow-ing up in America. We are going to give them a chance to stay here, to study here, and to work here. Many of the Republicans hate the idea of giving these young people a chance. Sadly, what they are doing is turning down an opportunity for America to benefit from some of these extraordinary young people. 
Time and again I have come to the 
floor of the Senate to tell the stories of these young DREAMers, and I will tell another one today. 
This lovely young woman is Mithi 
Del Rosario. Her parents brought Mithi to the United States from the Phil-ippines when she was 5 years old. There was no question about whether she was going to come; she was part of the fam-ily. 
She grew up in California. She was an 
excellent student and her lifetime goal was to be a medical doctor. In high school she was on the principal’s honor roll and an AP scholar. She received a Golden State Seal Merit Diploma and a Governor’s Scholar Award. She was quite the student. 
Mithi was admitted to the University 
of California at Los Angeles, one of the Nation’s top universities. At UCLA she volunteered as a research assistant. She wanted to get into a lab that stud-ied the high risk of infants to develop autism. 
Mithi also volunteered, while a stu-
dent at UCLA, as a crisis counselor for their peer helpline, advising students who were the victim of rape, child abuse, and substance abuse. She even-tually became a trainer for new coun-selors. Mithi also volunteered as a mentor and tutor for at-risk middle school children in the city of Los Ange-les. 
She graduated from UCLA with a de-
gree in psychology. Her options were limited in terms of medical school be-cause she is undocumented. She was unable to pursue her dream to become a doctor. Then in 2012, President Obama issued an Executive order es-tablishing the DACA Program, allow-ing students such as her a chance to stay in America and not be deported. Her whole world changed. 
She began working as a research as-
sistant at the UCLA School of Medi-cine, and she has applied to attend medical school. She still volunteers at the autism research lab where she started her research career 7 years ago. 
Her ambition is to be part of the treat-ment and research effort to help chil-dren with autism. She also has served as peer mentor to 10 undergraduate students at UCLA. 
She wrote me a letter and asked that 
I relay a message to the Members of Congress who are engaged in the debate on whether to shut down the DACA Program which gives her a chance to stay in the United States. These are her words: 
Please, please listen to our stories. This is 
my home, and the only country I know. DACA gives us greater opportunities to give back to the country we love. 
This young lady, and millions like 
her, grew up in the classrooms of America pledging allegiance to that flag. It is the only flag they have ever known. They can only sing one na-tional anthem—the national anthem that is closest to their heart for the United States of America. But now there is an effort underway by some politicians in Congress to deport her and send her back to the Philippines, and to say: Despite all you have done with your young life, despite all the talents which you bring to Los Angeles and to California, despite your promise to enter into the medical profession and to serve in a cause that all of us re-alize is so important, autism re-search—despite all of that, leave Amer-ica. That is the message that comes through in this bill sent to us by the House Republicans. 
They want to deport Mithi Del 
Rosario. They want to send her out of this country and toss her away despite all of the investment we made, and she has made, in her life. Mithi, and other DREAMers like her, have so much to contribute. 
The Republican bill that is before us 
would deport hundreds of thousands of young people just like her, and it would stop the President’s effort to give the parents of citizens—American citizen children—a chance to work temporarily and legally in the United States. 
It is hard to imagine that so many on 
the other side of the aisle have lost sight of who we are as a nation. We are a nation of immigrants, and that immi-grant spirit has made us different in this world we live in. 
The people who risked everything to 
come to the United States, to a coun-try where they may not have even spo-ken the language and gave up every-thing and came here—they are a spe-cial brand of risk takers, and we have a little bit of their DNA in our blood. 
My mother was an immigrant. She 
was brought here at the age of 2, and her son now serves in the U.S. Senate. As I have said so many times on the floor, that is my story, it is my fam-ily’s story, and it is America’s story. 
I cannot believe my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle have forgotten America’s history and America’s story and are willing to turn their backs on a young woman such as this and say: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.005 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1090 February 25, 2015 
We don’t need you. You can leave. In 
fact, we are going to make you leave. We are going to force you out of this country. 
America won’t be a stronger country 
if we deport Mithi and others like her. We are not going to be a better country if we tear apart American families. We are not going to be safer when we should be deporting criminals, not those who aspire to be medical re-searchers. 
Instead of trying to deport DREAM-
ers and mothers and fathers, congres-sional Republicans should support a clean appropriations bill. Let’s do that. Let’s pass a bill to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Let’s get that done so once again we don’t have a Republican shutdown of any branch of our Federal Government. Let’s get that part done. And then if we are going to engage in a real debate on im-migration, let’s do it. The majority is controlled by the Republicans in the House and the Senate and they can do that any time they want. Let’s engage in that debate and let’s do it in an hon-est fashion. Let’s do it in a hopeful and positive view of what America’s future will be when young people such as Mithi Del Rosario have their chance to become part of an America that em-braces talent and skill and thanks young people for the sacrifice they made to make a better life for all of us who live in this Nation. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF 
THE CHAIR 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess for 5 minutes subject to the call of the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:27 a.m., 
recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 10:29 a.m. when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. C
OTTON ). 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that when the Senate resumes the motion to proceed to H.R. 
240 following morning business today, that Senators be permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, Senators are per-mitted to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed such time as I may consume as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
THE MIDDLE EAST AND UKRAINE  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, a lot of 
us are deeply concerned about the situ-ation in the Middle East, in Ukraine, in China, to which we have paid very lit-tle attention to as they expand their territory. 
I ask unanimous consent that I be al-
lowed to engage in a colloquy with the Senator from South Carolina. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, there is 
a huge credibility gap. The Washington Post probably said it better than I probably could, and it is entitled ‘‘A credibility gap,’’ in the Washington Post, by Fred Hiatt, editorial page edi-tor, February 22. He says: ‘‘If his nego-tiators strike an agreement next month, we already know that it will be far from ideal,’’ talking about the Ira-nian nuclear deal. 
He continues: 
The partisanship needs no explanation, but 
the record of foreign-policy assurances is worth recalling: 
This is very interesting and I think 
deserves the attention of all Ameri-cans. 
In 2011, when he decided to pull all U.S. 
troops out of Iraq, Obama belittled worries that instability might result. Iraq and the United States would maintain ‘‘a strong and enduring partnership,’’ Obama said. Iraq would be ‘‘stable, secure and self-reliant,’’ and Iraqis would build a future ‘‘worthy of their history as a cradle of civilization.’’ Today [as we know] Iraq is in deep trouble, 
with a murderous ‘‘caliphate’’ occupying much of its territory and predatory Shiite militia roaming through much of the rest. 
The same year, Obama touted his bombing 
campaign in Libya as a model of U.S. inter-vention and promised, ‘‘That’s not to say that our work is complete. In addition to our NATO responsibilities, we will work with the international community to provide assist-ance to the people of Libya.’’ 
My friends, we all know what has 
happened in Libya and the reason is— despite what Senator G
RAHAM and our 
then-former colleague Senator Lieber-man said—we had to do some things in Libya to make sure there was stability in Libya. Obama then walked away. 
Continuing from the article: 
Obama also said then, ‘‘Some nations may 
be able to turn a blind eye to atrocities in other countries. The United States of Amer-ica is different. And as president, I refused to wait for the images of slaughter and mass graves before taking action.’’ That was be-fore Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad’s barrel bombs, systematic and well-documented prison torture and other depredations of civil war killed 200,000 of his compatriots, and drove millions more from their homes. 
In August 2011, Obama declared that Assad 
must ‘‘step aside.’’ In a background briefing a senior White House official added, ‘‘We are certain Assad is on the way out.’’ In August 2013 came Obama’s statement that ‘‘the worst chemical attack of the 21st century . . . must be confronted . . . I have decided that the United States should take military action against Syrian regime [military] tar-gets.’’ 
As a personal aside, the Senator from 
South Carolina came over to the White House, and the President of the United States assured us that he was going to take military action and we were going to degrade Bashar al-Assad and up-grade the Syrian Army, and, obviously, the article states that ‘‘no military ac-tion was taken, and Assad remains in power.’’ 
Defeating the Islamic State is one we 
have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years—successful in Yemen and Somalia that we have pur-sued for years. Just last month in the State of the Union Address, President Obama presented his Ukraine policy as a triumph of ‘‘. . . American strength and diplomacy. We are upholding the principle that bigger nations can’t bully the small by opposing Russian aggression supporting Ukraine’s de-mocracy,’’ he said. 
We all know. We have watched 
Ukrainians slaughtered, slaughtered with the most modern equipment that Vladimir Putin has. That great na-tional bloodletting is going on, and we are watching, thanks to the assistance of the Chancellor of Germany and the President of France—in the finest tra-ditions of Neville Chamberlain—we are standing by and watching that country be dismembered. 
What the Senator from South Caro-
lina and I are trying to say is what General Keane said the other day: 
. . . al Qaeda and its affiliates exceeds Iran 
and is beginning to dominate multiple coun-tries. In fact, al-Qaeda has grown fourfold in the last five years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.006 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1091 February 25, 2015 
Radical Islam is clearly on the rise, 
and I think our policy of disengaging from the Middle East has contributed to that rise. 
So there is no policy in Iraq, there is 
no policy in Syria, there is no com-bating or assisting even the Ukrainians as they attempt to defend themselves against the wholesale slaughter of their countrymen by Vladimir Putin. 
My friends, we have had ample testi-
mony before the Armed Services Com-mittee, people who served this country with distinction for many years—Re-publican and Democratic administra-tions. All of them have said they have never seen the world in more turmoil, and these things don’t happen by acci-dent. It is not like hurricanes or earth-quakes, it is a matter of a failed, feck-less foreign policy that began in 2009 and the chickens are coming home to roost. 
May I mention—my friend from 
South Carolina—this is where we are with the Islamic State. We are hearing from the administration, I believe, that we are gaining. Look at the Islamic State, January 10, of Syria in red—this is the Islamic State and contested places—and look at August 31. Obvi-ously, there are significant gains. One more chart, please. 
Looking at this chart, these are the 
areas of all of that part of the world that are now controlled or under at-tack by ISIS, including, by the way, we now see ISIS gaining a foothold in Libya. 
Mr. GRAHAM. I thank the Senator 
from Arizona. 
What I would like the body to recog-
nize is that our Presiding Officer, who just left, Senator C
OTTON , was an in-
fantry officer in Iraq, and I can’t imag-ine how he must feel. Our current Pre-siding Officer is a reservist in the Ma-rine Corps who has served in harm’s way in battlefield areas, and he was a commander in the Marine Corps. It is great to have people in the Senate who have worn the uniform and they under-stand what is at stake here. 
Senator M
CCAINand I have tried to 
be consistent, if nothing else, about this situation. Here is the first ques-tion America has to answer: Is this someone else’s war? I have heard very prominent commentators on cable tele-vision say: I am tired of fighting other people’s wars. 
Does ISIL represent a threat to our 
homeland? I think it does. And more importantly, they indicate they mean to hit us here. The head of ISIL, the Is-lamic State and the Levant is what I want to call it, served time in a mili-tary prison in Camp Bucca in Iraq, where I did some reserve duty, and when he was released from the camp and turned over to the Iraqis he told the colonel in charge of his release: I will see you in New York. 
They are recruiting foreign fighters 
coming in by the thousands. They hold passports that would allow them to go to Europe and come back to our coun-try, and their goal is not only to purify their religion, to kill or convert every 
Christian they find, but also to attack us. 
So to those who say this is not our 
fight, I think you are making a huge mistake, as we did before 9/11. 
Regional forces have to be part of the 
mix. The goal to degrade and destroy ISIL is the right goal. The strategy will fail as currently being considered unless we visit this issue. 
As Senator M
CCAINsaid, what you 
see on this map is not an accident. It is a predictable outcome of three things. The President’s decision in 2011 not to leave a residual force behind in Iraq to secure our gains has come back to haunt us. The military command infra-structure of this country advised a minimum of 10,000 troops to be left be-hind as a residual force. 
I visited Baghdad, along with Sen-
ators M
CCAINand Lieberman, to try to 
persuade the Iraqi political leadership to enter into an agreement to allow us to have a residual force. Prime Min-ister Maliki said: I am willing to do it if the other groups in Iraq are willing to do it. They were all willing to do it. He asked me: How many troops are you talking about? I turned to our ambas-sador and our commander at the time, and they tell him and me: We are still working on that. 
Press reports simultaneously were 
suggesting the White House, led by the Vice President, by the way, was driving the residual force to below 3,000—a number incapable of making a dif-ference. 
So when the President of the United 
States says he was willing to leave a residual force behind, that is not accu-rate. In a debate with Governor Rom-ney, Governor Romney suggested he would support a residual force of 10,000, as President Obama was contem-plating, and President Obama inter-rupted him and said: No, I am not con-templating that. 
He held our departure in Iraq as the 
fulfillment of a campaign promise. He said: We can leave with our heads held high. We have accomplished our task. 
Here is what I said on April 3, 2011: 
If we’re not smart enough to work with the 
Iraqis to have 10,000 to 15,000 American troops in Iraq in 2012, Iraq could go to hell. I’m urging the Obama administration to work with the Maliki administration in Iraq to make sure we have enough troops—10,000 to 15,000—beginning in 2012 to secure the gains we have achieved. This is a defining moment in the future of Iraq, and in my view they are going down the wrong road in Iraq. 
I am referring there to the Obama ad-
ministration when I say ‘‘they are going down the wrong road.’’ 
No voice was louder than that of Sen-
ator M
CCAIN. Senator M CCAIN advo-
cated, above all others, the surge when Iraq was slipping away under the Bush administration. When Senator M
CCAIN 
told President Bush his strategy was not working, President Bush, to his great credit, adjusted his strategy. 
Senator M
CCAIN, 3 years ago, was the 
leading voice in this country to argue for a no-fly zone in Syria so that Assad, who was on the ropes, could be 
taken down, and to train a Free Syrian Army at a time when it really would have mattered. The President ignored the advice not only of Senator M
CCAIN 
and myself but his entire national se-curity team. 
So the President got the answer he 
wanted in Iraq. He pulled the plug on troops. And what we hoped wouldn’t happen did happen. When he said no to a no-fly zone and the training of a Free Syrian Army, the vacuum that had been created in Syria was filled by ISIL. ISIL is a direct result of Al Qaeda in Iraq, which was on its knees in 2010, being able to come back because we withdrew troops and we allowed a safe haven to be formed in Syria. 
So, President Obama, this map is the 
result of bad policy choices on your part, and you are doubling down on bad policy choices. 
The third thing that was a huge mis-
take is drawing a redline when Assad used chemical weapons against his own people and virtually doing nothing about it. I am glad the chemical weap-ons have been taken out of Syria—at least we think all of them have been taken out—but 220,000 Syrians have been killed with initial forces by Assad, and Assad is stronger than ever. He is nowhere near going or leaving. 
Between Assad and ISIL, they rep-
resent the dominant military force in-side Syria. Syria is truly hell on Earth, and all of this is going to come back to haunt us here at home. 
So the reason we are here on the 
floor today is to learn from the past. I have made mistakes. Everybody has made mistakes. But the key is to ad-just when you make mistakes. The strategy President Obama is employing to degrade and destroy ISIL will fail, and let me tell you why. 
If you could liberate Mosul with the 
Iraqi security forces and the Kurds, we are going to need more than 3,000 U.S. forces to accomplish that task, because they do not have the capability that our military possesses to ensure vic-tory. 
Once you liberate Mosul, you have to 
hold and build Mosul. Anbar Province has yet to be liberated. We have to con-vince the Sunni tribal leaders in Anbar to disassociate with ISIL and join us, and they are not going to do that un-less we are part of a team on the ground. They don’t trust the Iraqi se-curity forces that are mainly Shia. So unless we get more capacity on the ground to ensure success, we will fail in Iraq. But Syria is the weak link in 
the chain. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Before my colleague 
leaves Iraq, is it not true that the only real fighting being done now is the Peshmerga Kurds but also the Shia mi-litia, who are inflicting human rights violations on the Sunni, and the same people we fought against during the surge that my colleague talked about before, which is Iranian backed and Iranian trained? 
Mr. GRAHAM. Right. The Iraqi secu-
rity forces have crumbled. The most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.008 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1092 February 25, 2015 
dominant power on the ground is the 
Shia militia, backed by Iran and the Kurds in the north. And by the way, the aid we are providing to the Kurds never gets up to Erbil, and we need to fix that. 
Iran has inordinate influence in 
Baghdad. So to get the Sunni tribes to pull off of ISIL, they have to believe that Baghdad is going to be a better venue for them in terms of their polit-ical grievances, but they also need to see Americans on the ground to make sure this thing will work. They are not going to pull off ISIL unless we are there. They do not trust the Iraqi secu-rity forces. 
As to Syria, Syria is the biggest 
problem of all. That is where most of ISIL resides. That is where their lead-ership resides. That is where they have the largest number of fighters. There is no ground game in Syria. There is no Kurdish presence that has the capa-bility to dislodge ISIL. The Free Syr-ian Army are being killed as fast as we can train them. 
Here is the flaw. The goal is to train 
the Free Syrian Army’s young men throughout the region and send them into Syria to destroy ISIL. The prob-lem with that is the moment we send them into Syria to defeat ISIL, Assad will attack them because he knows one day they will turn on him. 
So we have asked the question, under 
the authorization to use military force that is being sent over from the White House, could we stop an air attack by Assad’s forces so they will not kill the people we train to fight ISIL, and they said no. 
So we are training people to go into 
Syria to fight ISIL who will be slaugh-tered by Assad if we do not have the ability under this authorization to pro-tect the people we train. Senator M
CCAINsaid this over and over again. 
That is immoral and militarily un-sound. There is no strategy indeed to deal with Syria that has any chance of success. And if we don’t get Syria right, we can’t hold the gains we make in Iraq. 
So the President, after all these 
years, with 220,000 people being killed, having the largest terrorist army in the history of terrorism occupying a space the size of Indiana, with 30,000 to 50,000 fighters, depending on who you believe, still hasn’t come to grips with a strategy that will protect this na-tion. He doesn’t understand the mis-takes he has been making for the last 3 or 4 years. He is not self-correcting. 
He is perpetuating what I think is a military fraud. 
The longer it takes to destroy ISIL, 
the more exposed we are here. And at the end of the day, the Iranians are sizing us up and they see us as a paper tiger. 
The last thing I would say about 
Ukraine is that Russia has invaded Ukraine. When they say they have no weapons inside Ukraine, when they say they have no troops, they are liars. 
Russia has dismembered their neigh-
bor, Ukraine. We in the Western world have sat on the sidelines and watched 
this happen. They have trampled all over the Budapest memorandum, where we persuaded Ukrainians to give up their nuclear weapons in the late 1990s and we would guarantee their sov-ereignty. When they need us to provide 
defensive weapons, we are absolutely absent at their time of dire need. The Iranians are watching our response to Putin. How could they feel we are seri-ous about stopping their nuclear pro-gram when we seem not to be serious about anything else? 
The reason we will not be more ag-
gressive in Syria is because President Obama doesn’t want to deal with Assad, who is a puppet of Iran. He doesn’t want to jeopardize the negotia-tions we have ongoing with the Ira-nians regarding their nuclear ambi-tions. His desire to get a deal with Iran is preventing us from degrading and de-stroying ISIL, and we will pay a heavy price for these mistakes. 
How would my colleague sum up 
where we are? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Could I just mention to 
my colleague—and it has been made perhaps larger than it should have been, with all of the crises and the tragedies that are transpiring, but the President of the United States refuses to refer to this as radical Islam. Why that is is hard to understand because it is clearly radical Islam. It is a perver-sion of an honorable religion, but ev-erything they are doing is based on their perverted interpretation of the Koran. They are Islamic. While we re-spect the religion and we respect the people, we don’t respect radical Islam and we have to recognize it for what it is. 
Let me read this, from February 24: 
Scores of Syrian Christians Kidnapped by 
Islamic State—Islamic State militants swept into several of Assyrian Christian villages in northeastern Syria in recent days, taking scores of hostages, including both civilians and fighters, according to numerous inter-views with residents ....  The attacks have 
displaced hundreds of families and sharpened Middle Eastern Christians’ fears of the Is-lamic State. 
Which the President of the United 
States refuses to recognize as radical Islam. When you don’t even recognize it or identify it for what it is, how in the world are you going to be able to combat it? 
Finally, I would say to my friend one 
more time, if he would respond, that the Ukrainians wanted to defend them-selves. One of the richest and proudest aspects of American history is that we have helped people who are struggling for freedom, whether it be in Afghani-stan after Russia’s invasion or others. And others have helped us, going all the way back to our Revolution when the French and Polish and others came in and helped us. How can we ration-alize our failure to give them weapons to defend themselves by saying: Well, they can’t beat the Russians anyway. 
Why don’t we listen to their pleas for 
help? Why don’t we listen to their cries? Why don’t we listen to the fact they have lost 5,000; that right now the 
most sophisticated weaponry the Rus-sians provided these ‘‘separatists’’ is being used to slaughter them? 
To me it is the most unbelievable 
view, that somehow we don’t want to provoke Vladimir Putin, who has taken Crimea—they have written that off— shot down an airplane, at least with Russian equipment; moved and dis-located eastern Ukraine; and has caused an economic crisis. And we don’t want to provoke Vladimir Putin? It is staggering. 
Mr. GRAHAM. In conclusion, in 1998 
we were a signatory to Budapest memorandum that asked the Ukrain-ian people to give up over 2,000 nuclear weapons housed on their soil in return for a guarantee of their sovereignty. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. That included the State 
of Crimea as part of the territorial in-tegrity of Ukraine. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Exactly. The Russians 
were a signatory to that Budapest memorandum. 
Clearly, the Russians have stepped 
all over it, and we are not doing any-thing. So in the future, would you give up your nuclear weapons relying on a promise by the United States? 
This is important because we want to 
deter Iran from trying to get a nuclear weapon. I think this emboldens them to get a nuclear weapon. 
As to radical Islam, it is hard to de-
feat an enemy if you don’t understand what motivates them. 
The Nazis did not want just the Ger-
man-speaking regions surrounding Ger-many. It wasn’t about the Sudetenland. It wasn’t about the Rheinland. It wasn’t about the issues Hitler claimed at the time. He wrote a book telling us what he wanted to do. People should have read the book. It was about creating a master race to govern other races. The Aryan race would be the dominant race on the planet—with some people not worthy of living, such as the Jews, and others 
would be slaves. 
When we listen to what ISIL is say-
ing and what motivates them, they want a master religion for the world, not a master race. If you are a Chris-tian, you can pay a tax and convert or die. If you are a Muslim outside of their view of the faith, you just die. If you are an agnostic, you die. If you are a libertarian, you die. If you are an American—Republican or Democrat; they could care less—you die. 
They are taught by their interpreta-
tion of the Koran literally to kill all that stands in their way of the caliph-ate. We can close Gitmo tomorrow. We could throw the Palestinians under the bus or give the Palestinians everything they want and throw Israel under the bus. It wouldn’t matter. 
We didn’t bring this war on our-
selves. These people are motivated by religious doctrine not widely accepted in the faith. But that doctrine requires them to kill everything in their path and to turn the world into a religion where they dominate, and there is no alternative to their religion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.010 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1093 February 25, 2015 
That may sound crazy to you. It 
sounds a little crazy to me. Hitler is crazy to me. I can’t explain why some-body wants to kill all the Jews. I can’t explain why somebody believes that one race should rule the world and ev-erybody else be under their boot. I can’t explain what makes these people tick. I can only tell you what they do and why they do it. There is no ap-peasement with radical Islam, any more than there would be an appease-ment with Hitler. We tried that in the 1930s, and 50 million people got killed. 
So here is our choice: Face the 
enemy as it is, degrade and destroy in a way that will work; or accept the fact that they are coming here, not to conquer America—that is not going to happen—but to hit us hard and break our will so they can have that part of the world for which they have been longing for over 1,000 years. 
Here is what I would say to America. 
Every time we have chosen to sit on the sidelines and watch other people suffer and did nothing about it, it wound up hurting us too. If you think we can live in a world where Christians over there are being raped, tortured, and crucified, and it won’t affect Chris-tians here, you are kidding yourself. If you think you can allow a force this evil to go unchecked because it is over there and it won’t affect us here, you 
are making the mistake of a lifetime. 
My biggest fear is that radical 
Islam—which is exactly what it is—will get a weapon of mass destruction one day and do a lot of harm to us here. Every day that goes by over there, that they get stronger, the more exposed we are here. 
Finally, on 9/11, 3,000 Americans died 
only because they didn’t have the abil-ity to kill more. If they could have killed 3 million of us, they would have. Every day we let this problem grow un-checked they are closer to having the technology to kill millions of people here and elsewhere. So the sooner we deal with this, the safer we will be. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the article ti-tled ‘‘Credibility Gap’’ from the Wash-ington Post and also the International New York Times article ‘‘Scores of Syrian Christians Kidnapped by Is-lamic State’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the International New York Times, 
Feb. 24, 2015] 
SCORES OF SYRIAN CHRISTIANS KIDNAPPED BY  
ISLAMIC STATE  
(By Anne Barnard) 
ISTANBUL .—Islamic State militants swept 
into several Assyrian Christian villages in northeastern Syria in recent days, taking scores of hostages, including both civilians and fighters, according to numerous inter-views with residents and representatives of the many factions fighting in the area. 
The attacks have displaced hundreds of 
families and sharpened Middle Eastern Christians’ fears of the Islamic State, which considers non-Muslims, along with many Muslims who disagree with its tenets, infidels. The extremist group displaced entire 
Christian communities from northern Iraq when it swept through Mosul and the sur-rounding area last year. 
The new attacks came as some Christians 
in northeastern Syria, seeking to avoid the fate of northern Iraq’s Christians and other minority sects like the Yazidis that were singled out by the Islamic State, had taken a more assertive role, fighting alongside Kurdish and other militias. 
The latest fighting took place in a string 
of villages along the Khabur River, a tribu-tary of the Euphrates. The central village, Tel Tamer, is a strategic crossroads, with a bridge over the river that connects north-eastern Syria with the country’s northern hub, Aleppo; residents reported that Islamic State militants bombed the bridge on Tues-day. 
The area has long been controlled by Kurd-
ish militias but has lately come under at-tack from the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. 
In recent weeks, villages have changed 
hands several times as the Kurdish groups, some Arab Muslim factions and a Christian group called the Syriac Military Council have joined forces against the Islamic State. 
In the chaos Tuesday, the exact number of 
hostages seized remained unclear, with esti-mates ranging from several dozen to more than 100. Nuri Kino, an Assyrian-Swedish ac-tivist with family ties to northeastern Syria, said that Islamic State fighters were holding about 60 women and children in the village of Tel Shamiran, and that they had taken 90 men up into a mountainous area they con-trol, perhaps seeking to exchange them for Islamic State prisoners. 
Mr. Kino, who founded A Demand for Ac-
tion, a group that advocates for religious mi-norities in Iraq and Syria, said he had 
gleaned the information by talking to resi-dents over Skype from Los Angeles. 
Dawoud Dawoud, the deputy president of 
the Assyrian Democratic Party in the area, reached in Hasaka, said that the villages had long been largely left alone, but that in early February, Islamic State fighters had de-manded that crosses be removed from churches. 
The jihadists raided the village of Tel 
Hermez, driving away a local group, the Guardians of Khabur, that had protected churches there, said Omar Abd al-Aziz, a local antigovernment activist who uses a nom de guerre for his safety. Called to help, Kurdish militias entered the town with fighters from the Syriac Military Council, who filmed themselves retaking the area and leading away bound men they said were Is-lamic State members. 
Now, the Islamic State appears to be re-
taliating with even greater numbers and heavy weapons. 
‘‘It’s the new Kobani,’’ said Mr. Kino, re-
ferring to the Kurdish enclave bordering Turkey whose encirclement by the Islamic State prompted American-led airstrikes that helped drive the group back. He called for United States intervention to prevent mas-sacres and displacements. 
The threats to minority enclaves, as in 
Kobani and the attacks on Yazidis in Iraq’s Sinjar mountains last summer, have galva-nized international action when other fight-ing did not. 
Another activist in the area, who gave 
only his first name, Siraj, because of concern for his safety, accused the Kurds of leaving the Assyrians vulnerable in order to provoke a Kobani-like international reaction. 
But Nawaf al-Khalil, a spokesman for the 
Kurdish Democratic Union, a political party, tried to find a bright side, saying the events were ‘‘a good sign of stronger ties between the Kurds, the Arabs and the Christians’’ against the Islamic State. [From the Washington Post, Feb. 22, 2015] 
A C
REDIBILITY GAP 
(By Fred Hiatt) 
If his negotiators strike an agreement next 
month, we already know that it will be far from ideal: Rather than eradicating Iran’s nuclear-weapons potential, as once was hoped, a pact would seek to control Iran’s activities for some limited number of years. 
Such a deal might be defensible on the 
grounds that it is better than any alter-native, given that most experts believe a military ‘‘solution’’ would be at best tem-porary and possibly counterproductive. 
But making that kind of lesser-evil defense 
would be challenging in any circumstances. Three conditions will make it particularly hard for Obama to persuade Congress and the nation to accept his assurances in this case: the suspicious, poisonous partisanship of the moment here, with Israeli politics mixed in; worries that he wants a deal too much; and the record of his past assurances. 
The partisanship needs no explanation, but 
the record of foreign-policy assurances is worth recalling: 
In 2011, when he decided to pull all U.S. 
troops out of Iraq, Obama belittled worries that instability might result. Iraq and the United States would maintain ‘‘a strong and enduring partnership,’’ Obama said. Iraq would be ‘‘stable, secure and self-reliant,’’ and Iraqis would build a future ‘‘worthy of their history as a cradle of civilization.’’ 
Today Iraq is in deep trouble, with a mur-
derous ‘‘caliphate’’ occupying much of its territory and predatory Shiite militia roam-ing through much of the rest. 
That same year, Obama touted his bomb-
ing campaign in Libya as a model of U.S. intervention and promised, ‘‘That’s not to say that our work is complete. In addition to our NATO responsibilities, we will work with the international community to provide as-sistance to the people of Libya.’’ 
The United States and its NATO allies 
promptly abandoned Libya, which today is in the grip of civil war, with rival governments in the east and west and Islamist terrorists in between. 
Obama also said then, ‘‘Some nations may 
be able to turn a blind eye to atrocities in other countries. The United States of Amer-ica is different. And as president, I refused to wait for the images of slaughter and mass graves before taking action.’’ 
That was before Syrian dictator Bashar al- 
Assad’s barrel bombs, systematic and well- documented prison torture and other depre-dations of civil war killed 200,000 of his com-patriots, and drove millions more from their homes. 
In August 2011, Obama declared that Assad 
must ‘‘step aside.’’ In a background briefing a senior White House official added, ‘‘We are certain Assad is on the way out.’’ In August 2013 came Obama’s statement that ‘‘the worst chemical attack of the 21st century . . . must be confronted ....  I  have decided 
that the United States should take military action against Syrian regime targets.’’ 
No military action was taken, and Assad 
remains in power. 
In September, the president said his strat-
egy for defeating the Islamic State ‘‘is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years.’’ Shortly thereafter, an Iran-backed rebellion deposed Yemen’s pro-U.S. government, forcing the United States to abandon its embassy and much of its anti-terror operation. 
Just last month, in the State of the Union 
address, Obama presented his Ukraine policy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.011 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1094 February 25, 2015 
as a triumph of ‘‘American strength and di-
plomacy. 
‘‘We’re upholding the principle that bigger 
nations can’t bully the small by opposing Russian aggression and supporting Ukraine’s democracy,’’ he said. 
Since then Russian forces have extended 
their incursion into Ukraine, now control-ling nearly one-fifth of its territory. Russia’s economy is hurting, but Ukraine’s is in far worse shape. 
This litany of unfulfilled assurances is less 
a case of Nixonian deception than a product of wishful thinking and stubborn adherence to policies after they have failed. But inevi-tably it will affect how people hear Obama’s promises on Iran, as will his overall foreign policy record. 
That record includes successes, such as the 
killing of Osama bin Laden, warming ties with India and a potentially groundbreaking agreement with China on climate change. By most measures, though, the world has not become safer during Obama’s tenure. Islamist extremists are stronger than ever; democracy is in retreat around the globe; re-lations with Russia and North Korea have worsened; allies are questioning U.S. stead-fastness. 
Openings as well as problems can appear 
unexpectedly in foreign affairs, but the com-ing two years offer only two obvious oppor-tunities for Obama to burnish this legacy: trade deals with Europe and with Pacific na-tions, and a nuclear agreement with Iran. That limited field fuels worries that admin-istration negotiators will accept the kind of deal that results from wanting it too badly. 
Whatever its contours, Obama would be 
making a big mistake to try to implement such a momentous pact, as administration officials have suggested he might, without congressional buy-in. But it’s not surprising that he would be tempted to try. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the patience of my friend and col-league from the State of Texas. 
It is with a heavy heart that we see 
the events transpiring according to this chart. 
It is with a heavy heart that we see 
our friends in Ukraine, who only want to be like us, being slaughtered, and we are refusing to assist them. I have as-sured them that I will never give up— ever—until we see a free, prosperous, democratic Ukraine which is part of the community of nations, which we would admire, and in which we include them. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, when 
given the opportunity four times over the last few weeks to fully fund the De-partment of Homeland Security, while at the same time rolling back the President’s unconstitutional Executive action on immigration, four times our Senate Democratic friends have filibus-tered this funding. At the same time, they have been pointing to this side of the aisle and saying: If there is a shut-down of the Department of Homeland Security, you are at fault. It is hypoc-risy, to say the least. 
But of all the Democrats who voted 
to filibuster the funding of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security—which, again, expires at midnight on this Fri-day night—there are 11 of our Senate Democratic colleagues who come from States which are parties to a lawsuit in Brownsville, TX, where the Federal judge issued a temporary injunction 
just last week saying that what the President did in his Executive action was illegal—illegal. 
So how our colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle can filibuster the De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing because they say it includes a dis-approval of the President’s action at the same time the States they rep-resent are parties to a lawsuit com-plaining about the illegality of the President’s actions—how they can rec-oncile that is beyond me. Perhaps they can come to the floor and talk about that. But I think they should be asked that question, and I would be very in-terested in their answer. 
Of course, as we all know, now the 
Obama administration—after the Fed-eral judge agreed with what the Presi-dent said 22 different times, that he didn’t have the authority to do what he did—and, obviously, he changed his mind. But after the Federal judge agreed with what he said the first 22 times, that he didn’t have the author-ity, now they have asked for a stay of that temporary injunction. 
If the reports in the press are correct, 
Judge Hanen in Brownsville, in the Southern District of Texas, has given the States, the plaintiffs in the law-suit, until March 2 to respond to this request for emergency stay. 
One by one, the folks who criticized 
what the President was doing in one fashion or another came to the floor and have voted in effect to affirm what he did. As I said yesterday, in justi-fying these votes we heard a common refrain from several of our Democratic colleagues, including some of those 11 whose States have joined the lawsuit against the President’s Executive ac-tion. They have said to us: We don’t necessarily agree with the President’s action, but you shouldn’t attach that to an appropriations bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
Similarly, from Senate Democratic 
leadership came the demands for a ‘‘clean bill’’—a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity—without these provisions address-ing the Executive action attached. 
Just 2 days ago here on the floor, the 
Democratic leader himself called for the Senate to vote on such a bill. A press release issued from Senator R
EID’s office was unequivocal: ‘‘R EID 
Remarks Calling On Senate GOP To Avoid A Shutdown By Passing A Clean DHS Funding Bill.’’ 
Monday wasn’t the first time we 
heard this from Democratic leadership. We heard it over and over and over, as the Democrats, in lockstep, filibus-tered the Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill. 
So imagine my surprise when Sen-
ator M
CCONNELL , the Senate majority 
leader, offered to consider two bills, one that would address the President’s Executive action from last November— the Collins bill—and a separate one that would fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
You would, I guess, if logic prevailed 
in this place, expect that the Demo-cratic leader would embrace that 
wholeheartedly, instantaneously, say-ing: That is exactly what we have been demanding, and now we have been of-fered it. We will take it. 
Well, that didn’t happen. This place 
can be very confusing sometimes, and you would be wrong if you thought the Democratic leader embraced what he had been demanding for the last few weeks. So after spending weeks de-manding a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding as recently as Monday, 24 hours have passed and the Democratic leader has still refused to agree to hold 
a vote on a so-called clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. 
Let me just repeat that so I am abso-
lutely clear. The Democratic leader has so far refused to agree to vote on a clean funding bill for the Department, even after he called on Senate Repub-licans to pass exactly that as recently as Monday. 
So I don’t know how to sugar coat it. 
Call it a flip-flop, call it disingenuous. I don’t know what to call it. But when you are offered exactly what you have been demanding and you don’t accept it, it tells me you are not particularly serious about wanting to solve the problem. It is this kind of doubletalk which I think causes the Senate to be held in low regard by the American people, where they think that what you say doesn’t necessarily translate into action. It is becoming abundantly clear that our friends across the aisle do not seem to have gotten the message from the last election on November 4. 
I mentioned this yesterday, and I will 
repeat it, with reference to some of the gamesmanship that appears to be going on here, at the time when the clock is ticking and the Department of Home-land Security funding runs out at mid-night on Friday. Recently, the senior Senator from New York told the Huff-ington Post that ‘‘it’s really fun to be in the Senate Minority,’’ as if creating obstacles, slowing things down, and im-peding progress toward a goal that we all hold in common—funding the De-partment of Homeland Security—is somehow having fun. But filibustering critical funding for the men and women that protect us every day and protect the homeland is not what I call fun. 
At the end of the day, the Senate will 
make sure that those who protect our borders, our ports, and our skies get paid. That is what the American people 
voted for last November. They were sick and tired. If I heard it once, I heard it 100 times: We are sick and tired of the dysfunction in Washington, DC, and that is why we are voting for a change. 
That is why we have nine new col-
leagues in the Senate—to break that logjam of dysfunction. 
So I would implore the Democratic 
leader to heed his own call for a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill and to quit playing games. Quit playing games with the lives of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.002 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1095 February 25, 2015 
the people who work at the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security. Quit play-ing games with the American people, whose security is on the line if for some reason the ability of the Depart-ment to perform its important func-tions is disrupted because of the lack of funding. Quit playing games with the funding that pays the salaries of the men and women who protect our ports, who protect our airports, and who pro-tect our border from transnational drug cartels. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, every-
one agrees that our immigration sys-tem is broken. The immigration sys-tem we have now hurts our economy, and it hurts our national security. The Senate passed a bipartisan immigra-tion bill; the House of Representatives chose not to act. Again, the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration bill. That is why I supported the Exec-utive action by President Obama to ad-dress our immediate immigration cri-sis. We cannot wait for the House of Representatives’ Republicans to act, and that is because immigration is one of our country’s greatest strengths. Immigrants are a vital part of the fab-ric of Massachusetts and of our coun-try. They start businesses, they create jobs, and they contribute to our com-munities. 
The President’s Executive order rec-
ognizes the value of immigrants to our country. President Obama’s Executive order will bring millions of law-abiding immigrants out of the shadows and help to keep those families together. The order allows law enforcement to focus its resources where they belong: reinforcing security at our borders and prosecuting and deporting dangerous criminals who pose threats to public safety. This Executive action cannot and should not be viewed as the final word on the matter of immigration re-form. It is the beginning of an effort to permanently fix our broken immigra-tion system. 
What unites us in Massachusetts and 
all across America is the unshakable belief that no matter where you come from, no matter what your cir-cumstances, you can achieve the Amer-ican dream. The immigration system we have now doesn’t reflect those val-ues. 
Unfortunately, instead of working to 
fix the problems with our immigration system, the majority of the Senate has been manufacturing a government shutdown of the Department of Home-land Security, even as our Nation faces real threats to our safety and to our national security if we don’t fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
The majority seems more interested in undermining President Obama’s border policy than funding actual border pro-tection in our country. 
Let’s look at what could happen if 
Homeland Security funding lapses. 
No. 1, FEMA efforts. FEMA is a part 
of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. FEMA efforts in Massachusetts to develop a preliminary damage assess-ment for disaster relief funding may be interrupted. 
The people in my home State of Mas-
sachusetts are suffering from the sec-ond snowiest winter in our history. We have endured more than 8 feet of snow. Those snow piles are climbing even higher. Seawalls that protect our shores are crumbling. Roofs are col-lapsing. Homes are being destroyed. Small businesses are shuttered while owners struggle to make ends meet. Cities and towns across the Common-wealth have overspent their budgets by tens of millions of dollars responding to one snowstorm after another. 
But instead of the relief that should 
come with the assurance that FEMA assistance is on the way, the people of Massachusetts have to worry that this Republican-manufactured government shutdown threat is jeopardizing this critical assistance. The last thing the people of Massachusetts should have to worry about is whether their disaster assistance will be delayed by the poli-tics of immigration reform. This is ab-solutely outrageous. Massachusetts needs the disaster relief today. 
No. 2, an estimated 30,000 Homeland 
Security employees would have to be furloughed, including those who proc-ess Federal grants for local police, fire, and other first responders. Firefighters might not get the best oxygen masks. Bomb squads might not get the right equipment they need. These are hard- working people who help protect our Nation and help our first responders do their jobs. 
No. 3, a Department of Homeland Se-
curity shutdown would compromise our national security by stopping com-mand and control activities at Depart-ment of Homeland Security head-quarters, disrupting important pro-grams such as detecting weapons of mass destruction. Homeland Security employees remaining on the job will not get paid, and those who are fur-loughed will be left to wonder whether they will ever be paid for the work they missed. This uncertainty hurts morale and puts families in financial jeopardy. 
It is time for Republicans to end this 
brinkmanship and help pass a clean Homeland Security budget free of unre-lated policy riders. Then we should get to work on comprehensive immigration reform. The immigration system we have now doesn’t reflect our time-hon-ored values as a melting pot of diver-
sity and innovation. It hurts our econ-omy and national security. In short, our immigration system is broken. 
But for millions of immigrants who 
are living in the shadows, who are working every day to support their 
families, who have been brought up here from a young age, who are serving our country in the military or pursuing the dream of higher education—these people deserve a path that allows them to earn citizenship. That is why we need to work together on comprehen-sive immigration reform. It will give more families and individuals a real shot at the American dream. It will en-courage immigrants who are educated here to innovate here. 
This is an important debate, and we 
should have it, and we should not have it at the expense of the safety and the security of our Nation. 
I call on my Republican colleagues to 
bring forward a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill, free of unrelated policy riders dealing with immigration. Let’s give the people of our country the confidence that the Department of Homeland Security is going to protect against al-Shabaab launching a successful attack against the Mall of America, that a terrorist group cannot now be put together, thinking, perhaps erroneously, that the Department of Homeland Security has taken its eye off the ball while wor-rying about the funding levels that are necessary in order to secure our coun-try. 
I lived through this in Boston. 
Mohamed Atta and the other nine who hijacked the two planes on September 11, 2001, thought they could find an opening—and they did—in our airline security. In 2013 the Tsarnaev brothers thought they could find a hole in our security, and they attacked again in Boston. 
We should not have any question 
raised about the Department of Home-land Security being on the job pro-tecting our citizens and providing the security our country needs. That is where we are right now, and the Repub-licans are holding up the funding of this vital agency under the misguided notion that they are going to be able to write the entire comprehensive immi-gration bill inside a Department of Homeland Security budget. It is not going to happen. Everyone in this country knows it is not going to hap-pen. The Republicans are playing a dangerous game with the security of our country. 
I ask all who make the decisions in 
the Republican Party to please tell their most radical Members that the Department of Homeland Security must be funded. It must be funded this week. We must not only pay those who work for us, but we should thank them every day for the security they provide to our country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would 
say to the Senator from Massachu-setts, Amen. Amen. We can’t play around with our national security by holding somebody’s legislative ideal as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.013 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1096 February 25, 2015 
a means of holding up the national se-
curity and holding the national secu-rity of this country hostage. 
ELECTRONIC DEVICES AND PRIVACY RIGHTS  
Mr. President, I came to talk about 
another issue. In the first part of the week, the Washington Post had an arti-
cle that followed a series of articles in other newspapers, such as the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times, about a device that was given certification by the Federal Commu-nications Commission called a sting-ray. 
This device, when used properly by 
law enforcement—specifically, the FBI—not only can locate and absorb the content of communications over cell phones but can also locate the spe-cific location of that cell phone. It does so by making the cell phone think that it, the device, is the cell phone tower. So instead of the cell phone radio waves going to the normal cell phone tower, they would come to this device called a stingray. If used properly, it can be used to go after the bad guys— terrorists and criminals. Of course, that is one of the reasons this device was created and certified by the Fed-eral Communications Commission. 
Part of the protections, as used by 
the FBI and local law enforcement, to get content is to treat it as if they were going to break into somebody’s home to get evidence. Our constitu-tional protections regarding the right of privacy require that the law enforce-ment agency go to a judge—an impar-tial part of the judicial branch—in order to get a court order to show prob-able cause that a crime has been com-mitted and therefore the constitutional right of privacy is trumped, and with this court order, law enforcement can go in and get the evidence. 
Well, as technology continues to 
evolve and explode, of course, questions about our constitutional right of pri-vacy get a lot more difficult, and so now law enforcement wants to pinpoint the location of a cellphone so they can go in and grab that person. Again, it would seem that the constitutional right of privacy needs to have the pro-tection of a judge’s order, and it is this Senator’s belief that the FBI, when em-ploying this type of device, would, in fact, use those constitutional protec-tions. 
Different news articles have raised 
questions about how this device is han-dled once it is turned over to local law enforcement and whether they are being adequately trained on judicial protections, and indeed, are they em-ploying those protections. The news ar-ticles, as evidenced by the Washington Post this past Monday, would indicate that those judicial protections are not being employed. 
So this Senator, as one of the co- 
leaders of the commerce committee, along with the chairman of the com-mittee, J
OHNTHUNE , has written to the 
FCC and asked them what information they have about the rationale behind the restrictions placed on the certifi-cation of the stingray—the device that 
was certified by the FCC—and whether those similar restrictions have been put in place for other devices. As tech-nology continues to improve, we are going to see a lot more of these types of devices. 
We need to know whether the FCC 
has inquired about the oversight that may be in place in order to ensure that the use of the devices complies with the manufacturer’s representations to the FCC at the time of the certifi-cation. We are asking for a status re-port of the task force that was pre-viously formed so we can look at these questions surrounding the use of the stingray. 
This is not the last time we are going 
to be asking these questions—not nec-essarily about this device, the sting-ray. There is a multiplicity of devices that are coming out on the market, and the question is: What about our privacy? Of course we are reminded about this issue every day because every day we read about another data breach in the newspaper. 
I have filed legislation with regard to 
data breaches to ensure that at least the company has the obligation to no-tify the poor customers that their data is suddenly out there in the Internet ether because of that data breach. A lot of these questions are going to con-tinue to be asked. 
What about the device called the 
Pineapple? I had no idea this device ex-isted. Here is what it does: If I go into a Starbucks and use their wireless Internet, someone could be sitting out-side of that Starbucks in their car, or at one of the outside tables, with this device called a Pineapple, and instead of my wireless device using Starbucks’ Internet system, it is on that Pine-apple device and all of my communica-
tions are going directly to that person, and that person is able to steal all of my private information. That is a major theft. This is scary. Yet that de-vice has been around for several years. 
We have major privacy questions. 
The Presiding Officer, who is a member of the commerce committee, knows that we are going to be grappling with these issues, along with other commit-tees, such as judiciary, on the right to privacy. 
In the meantime, we have raised 
these issues with the FCC on this most recent detailed expose about this de-vice called the stingray. If it is em-ployed for our national security and our personal safety, which is the job of the government, then it is a good thing; however, if it is employed for other reasons, such as invading our constitutional right of privacy, that is another thing. 
It is time for us to stand up for the 
individual citizens in this country and their right to privacy. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The Senator from Missouri. 
PRESIDENT ’S EXECUTIVE ORDER  
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, last 
week I was glad to see that a Federal judge in Texas issued a preliminary in-junction against the President’s Execu-tive order on immigration. This ruling, if upheld—and I believe it will be—reaf-firms that President Obama was right when he said at least 22 times that he didn’t have the authority to take the action he now has taken on immigra-tion. 
In December of last year I joined in 
an amicus brief with Senator C
RUZand 
Senator C ORNYN and, I believe, the at-
torneys general from 26 States—not the State of Missouri but 26 States. I was glad that my joining allowed Mis-souri to be represented in support of this lawsuit brought by the State of Texas against President Obama’s ille-gal decision to allow amnesty to be es-tablished. The brief states the Obama administration exceeded its constitu-tional authority and disrupted the deli-cate balance of power between the Con-gress, whose job it is to pass the law, and the President, whose job it is to carry out the law. 
Executive means just that. The job of 
the Executive is to execute the law. It is not to pass the law. There is no con-stitutional provision anyone has been able to show me or that I have ever been able to find that says if the Con-gress doesn’t do something, the Presi-dent can decide it needs to be done and the President just does it on his own. There is certainly no law that suggests the President can just willfully ignore the law. 
The brief we joined asserts that the 
Obama administration exceeded the bounds of its so-called prosecutorial discretion. The idea that they can have some discretion about how vigorously they enforce certain laws is, both in this case and in the court ruling, held up to the standard it really should be allowed to meet. The idea that the President can say that there is too much law here to enforce and we can’t afford to enforce the law—but then by not enforcing the law, it creates sub-stantially more economic burden on the States and the Federal Government than enforcing the law would have cre-ated—by any standard makes no sense. This is not a determination that at some level there are just too many vio-lations of some law that is not very significant that you could have some prosecutorial discretion. This is the law that impacts whether people can come into the country or not and whether they can stay in the country not being legally here. 
The bill that Leader M
CCONNELL in-
troduced this week will put every Sen-ator on record on this topic. I look for-ward to a chance to vote on that bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.013 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1097 February 25, 2015 
and to see my colleagues vote on this 
bill. Who will stand with the Presi-dent’s clear power grab on immigra-tion, and who will stand by the rule of law? At least half a dozen Democrats and perhaps more have said they dis-agree with what the President did with this November action. A vote on Sen-ator M
CCONNELL ’s bill will give them a 
chance to show whether they really disagree or not. It is specific to the No-vember action. It is specific to the ac-tion the Federal judge in Texas said puts undue burdens on the State and exceeded the President’s authority. 
As I have said a number of times, I 
would like to see our friends on the other side of the aisle be willing to de-bate this issue. I have also admitted a number of times that if I were them and if the President of the United States had said 22 times he couldn’t do something, I would have some reluc-tance—I suppose as they clearly do—to come to the floor and defend why now those 22 statements don’t matter. 
If the Democrats would simply allow 
the Senate to begin debating the bill, Members on both side of the aisle could offer amendments, and we could actu-ally be doing the job we are expected to do as legislators. Unfortunately, they decided to repeatedly say: No, we don’t want to debate this bill. No, we are not going to go forward. No, we are not going to let the normal process work. No, we are not going to deal with the bill sent over by the co-equal branch of the Congress, the House of Representa-tives. Hopefully, we will see what hap-pens as this debate moves forward and the President’s activities are held not only now to a standard of law but also to his own standard. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a list of the 22 times the President has said he didn’t have the authority to do what he has now done. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
22 T IMES PRESIDENT OBAMA SAID HE 
COULDN ’TIGNORE OR CREATE HISOWNIMMI-
GRATION LAW 
1. The biggest problems that we’re facing 
right now have to do with [the president] trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through Congress at all. And that’s what I intend to reverse when I’m President of the United States of America.’’ (3/31/08) 
2. ‘‘We’ve got a government designed by 
the Founders so that there’d be checks and balances. You don’t want a president who’s too powerful or a Congress that’s too power-ful or a court that’s too powerful. Everybody’s got their own role. Congress’s job is to pass legislation. The president can veto it or he can sign it. . . . I believe in the Constitution and I will obey the Constitu-tion of the United States. We’re not going to use signing statements as a way of doing an end-run around Congress.’’ (5/19/08) 
3. ‘‘Comprehensive reform, that’s how 
we’re going to solve this problem. . . . Any-body who tells you it’s going to be easy or that I can wave a magic wand and make it happen hasn’t been paying attention to how 
this town works.’’ (5/5/10) 
4. ‘‘[T]here are those in the immigrants’ 
rights community who have argued passion-ately that we should simply provide those 
who are [here] illegally with legal status, or at least ignore the laws on the books and put an end to deportation until we have better laws. . . . I believe such an indiscriminate approach would be both unwise and unfair. It would suggest to those thinking about com-ing here illegally that there will be no reper-cussions for such a decision. And this could lead to a surge in more illegal immigration. And it would also ignore the millions of peo-ple around the world who are waiting in line to come here legally. Ultimately, our nation, 
like all nations, has the right and obligation to control its borders and set laws for resi-dency and citizenship. And no matter how decent they are, no matter their reasons, the 11 million who broke these laws should be held accountable.’’ (7/1/10) 
5. ‘‘I do have an obligation to make sure 
that I am following some of the rules. I can’t simply ignore laws that are out there. I’ve got to work to make sure that they are changed.’’ 
6. ‘‘I am president, I can’t do these things 
just by myself. We have a system of govern-ment that requires the Congress to work with the Executive Branch to make it hap-pen. I’m committed to making it happen, but I’ve got to have some partners to do it. . . . The main thing we have to do to stop depor-tations is to change the laws. . . . [T]he most important thing that we can do is to change the law because the way the system works— again, I just want to repeat, I’m president, I’m not king. If Congress has laws on the books that says that people who are here who are not documented have to be deported, then I can exercise some flexibility in terms of where we deploy our resources, to focus on people who are really causing problems as a opposed to families who are just trying to work and support themselves. But there’s a limit to the discretion that I can show be-cause I am obliged to execute the law. That’s what the Executive Branch means. I can’t just make the laws up by myself. So the most important thing that we can do is focus on changing the underlying laws.’’ (10/25/10) 
7. ‘‘America is a nation of laws, which 
means I, as the President, am obligated to enforce the law. I don’t have a choice about that. That’s part of my job. But I can advo-cate for changes in the law so that we have a country that is both respectful of the law but also continues to be a great nation of im-migrants. . . . With respect to the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order, that’s just not the case, be-cause there are laws on the books that Con-gress has passed. . . . [W]e’ve got three branches of government. Congress passes the law. The executive branch’s job is to enforce and implement those laws. And then the ju-diciary has to interpret the laws. There are enough laws on the books by Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to en-force our immigration system that for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as President.’’ (3/28/ 11) 
8. ‘‘I can’t solve this problem by myself. 
. . . [W]e’re going to have to have bipartisan support in order to make it happen. . . . I can’t do it by myself. We’re going to have to change the laws in Congress, but I’m con-fident we can make it happen.’’ (4/20/11) 
9. ‘‘I know some here wish that I could just 
bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how democracy works. See, democracy is hard. But it’s right. Changing our laws means doing the hard work of changing minds and changing votes, one by one.’’ (4/29/11) 
10. ‘‘Sometimes when I talk to immigra-
tion advocates, they wish I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how a democracy works. What we 
really need to do is to keep up the fight to pass genuine, comprehensive reform. That is the ultimate solution to this problem. That’s what I’m committed to doing.’’ (5/10/11) 
11. ‘‘I swore an oath to uphold the laws on 
the books. . . . Now, I know some people want me to bypass Congress and change the laws on my own. Believe me, the idea of doing things on my own is very tempting. I promise you. Not just on immigration re-form. But that’s not how our system works. That’s not how our democracy functions. That’s not how our Constitution is written.’’ 
(7/25/11) 
12. ‘‘So what we’ve tried to do is within the 
constraints of the laws on the books, we’ve tried to be as fair, humane, just as we can, recognizing, though, that the laws them-selves need to be changed. . . . The most im-portant thing for your viewers and listeners and readers to understand is that in order to change our laws, we’ve got to get it through the House of Representatives, which is cur-rently controlled by Republicans, and we’ve got to get 60 votes in the Senate. . . . Admin-istratively, we can’t ignore the law. . . . I just have to continue to say this notion that somehow I can just change the laws unilater-ally is just not true. We are doing everything we can administratively. But the fact of the matter is there are laws on the books that I have to enforce. And I think there’s been a great disservice done to the cause of getting the DREAM Act passed and getting com-prehensive immigration passed by perpe-trating the notion that somehow, by myself, I can go and do these things. It’s just not true. . . . We live in a democracy. You have to pass bills through the legislature, and then I can sign it. And if all the attention is focused away from the legislative process, then that is going to lead to a constant dead- end. We have to recognize how the system works, and then apply pressure to those places where votes can be gotten and, ulti-mately, we can get this thing solved.’’ (9/28/ 11) 
In June 2012, President Obama unilaterally 
granted deferred action for childhood arriv-als (DACA), allowing ‘‘eligible individuals who do not present a risk to national secu-rity or public safety . . . to request tem-porary relief from deportation proceedings and apply for work authorization.’’ He then argued that he had already done everything he could legally do on his own: 
13. ‘‘Now, what I’ve always said is, as the 
head of the executive branch, there’s a limit to what I can do. Part of the reason that de-portations went up was Congress put a whole lot of money into it, and when you have a lot of resources and a lot more agents involved, then there are going to be higher numbers. What we’ve said is, let’s make sure that you’re not misdirecting those resources. But we’re still going to, ultimately, have to change the laws in order to avoid some of the heartbreaking stories that you see coming up occasionally. And that’s why this con-tinues to be a top priority of mine. . . . And we will continue to make sure that how we enforce is done as fairly and justly as pos-sible. But until we have a law in place that provides a pathway for legalization and/or citizenship for the folks in question, we’re going to continue to be bound by the law. . . . And so part of the challenge as Presi-dent is constantly saying, ‘what authorities do I have?’’’ (9/20/12) 
14. ‘‘We are a nation of immigrants. . . . 
But we’re also a nation of laws. So what I’ve said is, we need to fix a broken immigration system. And I’ve done everything that I can on my own[.]’’ (10/16/12) 
15. ‘‘. . . I am the head of the executive 
branch of government. I’m required to follow the law. And that’s what we’ve done. But 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.015 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1098 February 25, 2015 
what I’ve also said is, let’s make sure that 
we’re applying the law in a way that takes into account people’s humanity. That’s the reason that we moved forward on deferred action. Within the confines of the law we said, we have some discretion in terms of how we apply this law.’’ (1/30/13) 
16. ‘‘I’m not a king. You know, my job as 
the head of the executive branch ultimately is to carry out the law. And, you know, when it comes to enforcement of our immigration laws, we’ve got some discretion. We can prioritize what we do. But we can’t simply ignore the law. When it comes to the dream-ers, we were able to identify that group and say, ‘These folks are generally not a risk. They’re not involved in crime. . . . And so let’s prioritize our enforcement resources.’ But to sort through all the possible cases of everybody who might have a sympathetic story to tell is very difficult to do. This is why we need comprehensive immigration re-
form. To make sure that once and for all, in a way that is, you know, ratified by Con-gress, we can say that there is a pathway to citizenship for people who are staying out of trouble, who are trying to do the right thing, who’ve put down roots here. . . . My job is to carry out the law. And so Congress gives us a whole bunch of resources. They give us an order that we’ve got to go out there and en-force the laws that are on the books. . . . If this was an issue that I could do unilaterally I would have done it a long time ago. . . . The way our system works is Congress has to pass legislation. I then get an opportunity to sign it and implement it.’’ (1/30/13) 
17. ‘‘This is something I’ve struggled with 
throughout my presidency. The problem is that I’m the president of the United States, I’m not the emperor of the United States. My job is to execute laws that are passed. And Congress right now has not changed what I consider to be a broken immigration system. And what that means is that we have certain obligations to enforce the laws that are in place even if we think that in many cases the results may be tragic. . . . [W]e’ve kind of stretched our administrative flexibility as much as we can[.]’’ (2/14/13) 
18. ‘‘I think that it is very important for us 
to recognize that the way to solve this prob-lem has to be legislative. I can do some things and have done some things that make a difference in the lives of people by deter-mining how our enforcement should focus. . . . And we’ve been able to provide help through deferred action for young people. . . . But this is a problem that needs to be fixed legislatively.’’ (7/16/13) 
19. ‘‘My job in the executive branch is sup-
posed to be to carry out the laws that are passed. Congress has said ‘here is the law’ when it comes to those who are undocu-mented, and they’ve allocated a whole bunch of money for enforcement. And, what I have been able to do is to make a legal argument that I think is absolutely right, which is that given the resources that we have, we can’t do everything that Congress has asked us to do. What we can do is then carve out the DREAM Act folks, saying young people who have basically grown up here are Ameri-cans that we should welcome. . . . But if we start broadening that, then essentially I would be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend le-gally. So that’s not an option. . . . What I’ve said is there is a there’s a path to get this done, and that’s through Congress.’’ (9/17/13) 
20. ‘‘[I]f, in fact, I could solve all these 
problems without passing laws in Congress, then I would do so. But we’re also a nation of laws. That’s part of our tradition. And so the easy way out is to try to yell and pretend like I can do something by violating our laws. And what I’m proposing is the harder path, which is to use our democratic proc-esses to achieve the same goal that you want 
to achieve. . . . It is not simply a matter of us just saying we’re going to violate the law. That’s not our tradition. The great thing about this country is we have this wonderful process of democracy, and sometimes it is messy, and sometimes it is hard, but ulti-mately, justice and truth win out.’’ (11/25/13) 
21. ‘‘I am the Champion-in-Chief of com-
prehensive immigration reform. But what I’ve said in the past remains true, which is until Congress passes a new law, then I am constrained in terms of what I am able to do. What I’ve done is to use my prosecutorial discretion, because you can’t enforce the laws across the board for 11 or 12 million peo-ple, there aren’t the resources there. What we’ve said is focus on folks who are engaged in criminal activity, focus on people who are engaged in gang activity. Do not focus on young people, who we’re calling DREAMers. . . . That already stretched my administra-tive capacity very far. But I was confident that that was the right thing to do. But at a certain point the reason that these deporta-tions are taking place is, Congress said, ‘you have to enforce these laws.’ They fund the hiring of officials at the department that’s charged with enforcing. And I cannot ignore those laws any more than I could ignore, you know, any of the other laws that are on the books. That’s why it’s so important for us to get comprehensive immigration reform done this year.’’ (3/6/14) 
22. ‘‘I think that I never have a green light 
[to push the limits of executive power]. I’m bound by the Constitution; I’m bound by sep-aration of powers. There are some things we can’t do. Congress has the power of the purse, for example. . . . Congress has to pass a budget and authorize spending. So I don’t have a green light. . . . My preference in all these instances is to work with Congress, be-cause not only can Congress do more, but it’s going to be longer-lasting.’’ (8/6/14) 
Mr. BLUNT. Let me mention a few of 
those, but I will submit all 22 for the R
ECORD . As early as March of 2008, the 
President said: I take the Constitution very seriously. The biggest problems that we are facing right now are things that don’t go through Congress at all. 
In November of 2010 the President 
said: I am the President, not a king. I can’t do these things just by myself. I have to have partners to do it. 
In January of 2013, the President, 
again, still believes he is not a king, because he says: I am not a king. He says that at two different events on that day. He says: We can’t simply ig-nore the law. 
The truth is, in November of 2014 the 
President does decide we can simply ig-nore the law. The 22 times the Presi-dent said we couldn’t ignore the law I agree with him. For those who believe I don’t find enough opportunities to agree with the President, here are 22 times I agree with the President’s view that he cannot do these kinds of things on his own and by himself. 
On February 14, 2013—2 years ago— 
the President said: The problem is that I am the President of the United States. 
I could actually quit right there and 
maybe that would say all I need to say, but of course he said: 
The problem is that you know I’m the 
president of the United States. I’m not the emperor of the United States . . . we have certain obligations to enforce the laws that are in place. It goes on. I get to that point, and I 
don’t know quite how to explain—as I am sure the President doesn’t know how to explain—what he has said and what he has now done. 
On September 2013: ‘‘My job in the 
executive branch is supposed to be to carry out the laws that are passed,’’ still in full agreement with what the President said his job is. 
As late as August of this last year, 
the President said: There are some things we can’t do. Congress has the power of the purse, for example. Con-gress has to pass a budget and author-ize spending. So I don’t have a green light. 
He goes on to suggest to do whatever 
the President might like to do. That is basically what this debate is about right now. It is not about whether the Department of Homeland Security would continue to function. In fact, what I wish to see is the President en-gaged as the principal officer respon-sible for the administration of the gov-ernment. 
I think something like that is what 
President Kennedy said after the Bay of Pigs, when he said: I am responsible here because I am the principal officer responsible for the administration of the government. 
The President created this problem. 
He created this funding problem for States, he created this funding problem for the Federal Government, and he created this problem of exceeding his authority as President of the United States. But the President, once again, is missing from the discussion of how to solve the problem. 
That could very well be, as is often 
the case, the person who would know how to solve the problem is the person who created it. But we are not hearing anything from that person because clearly people at the White House be-lieve it is to their temporary political advantage to act as though the people in the Congress don’t want the govern-ment to function, rather than to act as though people in the Congress believe the President was right the 22 times he said he couldn’t do what he has now done. 
I have heard several of my colleagues 
in the last few days—in fact, even one or two this morning on early news shows—say: We need a way for Con-gress to settle these kinds of disputes outside of the appropriations process. 
One way to do that would be to pass 
a law I filed in the last Congress that the House of Representatives passed in a bipartisan way—the Senate was not allowed to vote on it and I would like to see us vote on it in this Congress— which is the ENFORCE the Law Act, which simply does allow the Congress, if a majority of the Members of the House or Senate believes the President is not enforcing the law as written, to go to a judge and seek an early deter-mination, rather than wait for some aggrieved citizen who disagrees with a rule or regulation to have to hire their own lawyer after the rule is in effect, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.004 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1099 February 25, 2015 
and in the 2 years or so it might take 
to get that case to the Supreme Court, other individuals impacted by the rule or regulation are trying to comply with it, only to find out later, as the Court ruled a handful of times during the recent years of this Presidency that, no, the President doesn’t have the authority to do that. 
They said: No, you don’t have the au-
thority to appoint people to the Na-tional Labor Relations Board when the Senate is in session just because you have decided somehow the Senate is not in session. You don’t get to decide whether the Senate is in session, Mr. President, if they have met all the re-quirements to be in session. You par-ticularly don’t get to decide whether the Senate is in session if that same session of the Senate approves some things that you thought needed to be done and that was good enough for you. 
Then they said: Mr. President, by the 
way, when you appoint these people il-legally, whatever rules and regulations they put forward aren’t legal either. 
So the couple of years of businesses 
trying to comply with the National Labor Relations Act rules and regula-tions, all of that is to the wayside. Those rules are all gone, but that doesn’t restore the time, effort, money, and needless compliance that happens when the President exceeds his author-ity or when the President’s agencies, such as the Environmental Protection Agency, decide they could do some-thing they would like to do without ever arguing before the Congress that we would like the authority to do this. 
So passing the ENFORCE the Law 
Act would be a way to seek an earlier or quicker remedy. It does appear to me that the Federal judges are likely to decide pretty quickly—Federal judges, the court of appeals level and then the circuit level—that, no, Mr. President; you have gone beyond where you were in fact. You were right the first 22 times, not the November 2014 time that you decided if you don’t like the law, you don’t have to enforce the law. 
I think we should move forward with 
that ability that the Congress cur-rently doesn’t have, but also I think we should continue to express our desire for this process to work the way it is supposed to work. 
The House of Representatives, which 
is supposed to initiate spending bills, has done that. It is the job of the Sen-ate to debate those spending bills. It is the job of Senators to offer amend-ments if they don’t like them, and so far our friends on the other side have insisted they don’t want to do that part of this job. Maybe we all should 
understand why they don’t want to de-fend what the President has done be-cause of all the times he said he couldn’t do it. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate now stand in recess until 2 p.m. today. There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 12:51 p.m., recessed until 2 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. H
OEVEN ). 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
want to commend both of our leaders, Leader M
CCONNELL and Leader R EID, 
for coming to the floor and agreeing to a path forward to fully fund Homeland Security, and I want to speak for a mo-ment about how critical this is and how really—if we cannot get the House of Representatives to agree, if they are not willing to move forward and sup-port this path—we have actually not one shutdown but the possibility of two different kinds of shutdowns that will happen within 3 days. 
I am talking about the fact there are 
3 days left before the funding for the Department of Homeland Security ex-pires—on February 27, at the end of the day on Friday. We are in a situation where those who protect us from terror threats all around us will be in a situa-tion where they either aren’t at work or are working without pay. We will be working with pay but they won’t be working with pay, which of course is an outrageous situation for us to put them in. 
Every week we know there is a new 
terrorist threat. That is literally true now, and it is shocking, as we turn on the television and we read the papers and listen to the radio. The most re-cent threat we know is from al- Shabaab, a Somali terrorist group with ties to Al Qaeda. A video appeared this last week where we know they called for an attack at the Mall of America near Minneapolis, as well as at other shopping centers in the United States and Canada and Great Britain. 
We also know that an attack on that 
mall would endanger as many as 100,000 people—men, women, and children. That is how many people come to that mall, that big mall, every single day. Al-Shabaab terrorists have attacked a mall before so we know this is not an idle threat. In 2013, they attacked the Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, where 63 innocent people were killed. 
On February 14, a shooter at a syna-
gogue in Copenhagen killed three peo-ple. In late January, an American was 1 of 10 people killed in a terrorist at-tack in Libya. Earlier in January, in Paris, an attack by a terrorist claimed 16 lives. I could go on and on. In Octo-ber alone, gunmen attacked the Cana-dian Parliament in Ottawa, killing a Canadian soldier. 
Michigan has the busiest northern 
border crossing in the country between Detroit and Windsor. Every day over $1 billion in goods and people are crossing that border—every single day. We actu-ally have three crossings—two of the busiest in the country—and we count 
on border and Customs security. We count on our Homeland Security people to be on the job doing their job every single day. 
We also count on the people at the 
airports—all of us. Most of us are on planes one or two times a week. We all understand the critical importance of the airport. And for those of us who are surrounded by water, the Coast Guard is absolutely critical. 
I could go on and on with all of the 
ways in which the men and women of Homeland Security, border security, Customs, the Coast Guard, as well as police and firefighters, our first re-sponders, are keeping us safe every sin-gle day. 
If the House does not agree to what 
we are doing here, in 3 days we will see the Department of Homeland Security shut down—an entire infrastructure put together after 9/11, which we all worked together on in a bipartisan way because we saw and we felt what had happened in terms of the threats to our country and the loss of lives. 
It is critical this not be just a game. 
This can’t be just a trick, where we are somehow voting straight up on Home-land Security funding without other riders on immigration or other things where there are differences with the President. If it is straight-up funding, then we vote, and then it goes to the House and it gets completely changed again, that is not going to work. We are going to stand with the men and women who stand with us, put their lives on the line, and work hard every single day to keep us safe. It is critical the House decide to join us if in fact the Senate acts today to fully fund Homeland Security, which I hope we will. 
There is another thing I am deeply 
concerned about, and that is the fact we have heard a lot of people talk about we will just do a continuing reso-lution from last year. That is effec-tively a shutdown of the first respond-ers, because when we look at the list— immigration, Customs enforcement, detention, antitrafficking, smuggling— of those things that are funded under a continuing resolution, which is a fancy word for last year’s funding, those things don’t continue. 
The new grants that keep firefighters 
in Michigan and across the country going—in Detroit alone we have 150 firefighters—were supposed to start in October. Because we haven’t fully fund-ed Homeland Security, they have been waiting. We have people who will be laid off—police officers, firefighters in Michigan and across the country under a CR—under a continuing resolution. It is effectively a first responders shut-down. 
So that is the second shutdown I am 
concerned about. We could see Customs and Border Protection unable to award new contracts for new video surveil-lance. How many times do we talk about the need to protect the borders? But if we don’t fully fund Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.017 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1100 February 25, 2015 
Security, if we do what it sounds like 
may happen from the House, some short-term funding from last year, we will stop first responders, we will stop surveillance equipment, we will stop the ability to upgrade our Coast Guard, and we prevent and delay contracts for police and fire. 
Also without a fully funded Home-
land Security, nuclear detection equip-ment can’t be replaced. That deals with our enemies trying to smuggle nuclear devices or dirty bombs into this coun-try. 
And what about emergency commu-
nications? Think about the malls or think about things such as FEMA and the unprecedented storms and snow that we have seen in parts of our coun-try, the cold. 
The idea we would somehow not fund 
upgrades to emergency equipment and effectively have a first responder shut-down is outrageous. I can’t imagine the public, and rightly so, will understand this. I certainly don’t understand it. We have all heard concerns about the Secret Service and the ability to up-grade those operations. I could go on and on as it relates to first responder funding. 
So I am, on the one hand, pleased 
that it appears we may in fact have a path forward to separate the debate on fully funding our Homeland Security, our protections at the borders and air-ports, and so on, as well as police and fire and first responders across the country from a debate on immigration. I appreciate the differences, and we can have that debate. I appreciate that has been proposed to be separated. But we have to make sure there are no tricks and no doublecrosses when it comes to the House of Representatives, because we are not going to support an effort to go back again and hold Homeland Se-curity funding hostage to other poli-cies and disagreements with the Presi-dent. 
Finally, let me stress if the House 
does less than what the Senate is going to do on fully funding Homeland Secu-rity, they are shutting down first re-sponders in this country. That is what they are doing. If we see a funding bill that has last year’s numbers, they are putting in place a shutdown of our first responders in this country with threats all around us and new threats every day. 
People in this country deserve a lot 
better. We can do better than that. So I hope we will come together today to do the right thing: Fund Homeland Se-curity fully so our police and fire-fighters are available and on the streets, and we are securing our bor-ders and our homeland operations. I dearly hope the House of Representa-tives will step up and join us in getting this done. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
distinguished Senator from Michigan has made an eloquent speech about the importance of fully funding the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security. What is astonishing to me is that she didn’t lis-ten to her own speech the first time the Republican majority leader brought up the House-passed bill to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security and the Democrats blocked it; and why she didn’t listen to that speech the second time the Republican majority leader brought up the House- passed bill to fully fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the Democrats blocked it; and why she didn’t listen to that speech the third time the Republican majority leader brought up the House-passed proposal to fully fund the Department of Home-land Security and the Democrats blocked it; and why not the fourth time the Republican leader brought up a bill passed by the House of Rep-resentatives to fully fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the 
Democrats blocked it. 
This is the fifth vote to fully fund the 
Department of Homeland Security, which we want to do, and which we voted to do four times. So let us not confuse the issue here. I am amazed that Senate Democrats come up with this stuff on the other side. One would think they were living in a different world than we are. 
The House has passed legislation to 
fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. Senate Republicans have brought up a bill to fully fund the De-partment of Homeland Security four times. The Presiding Officer knows that. Four times we voted yes and four times they voted no. This is the fifth opportunity they will have to fully fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and I hope we can do that. 
But let us not recreate events that 
never happened. Let us recognize the fact that for 2 weeks Senate Repub-licans have been prepared to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security and the Democrats themselves have blocked it not once, not twice, not three times, but four times. 
HIGHER EDUCATION  
Now, Mr. President, if I may switch 
gears, I came to the floor to talk on an-other subject which fortunately has bi-partisan support. I am glad to speak about something like that because I think the people of this country gave us and the Republican majority an op-portunity this year to come to Wash-ington and shake things up, but also get things done. 
In the Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions Committee, we are working hard to do just that with Senator M
UR-
RAY, the ranking Democrat on the 
committee, and just as I worked with Senator Harkin in the last Congress when our committee reported out 25 different pieces of legislation which be-came law. So we got things done in the last Congress, and I am fully confident that Senator M
URRAY and I and the 
other members of our committee can do that in this Congress. 
That doesn’t mean we agree on ev-
erything. We don’t agree on a lot of things. If you had to pick a group of 
liberals and a group of conservatives and line them up, our committee would probably have as much difference as any committee in the Congress. But we also have about 30 percent of the juris-diction in the Congress. That is what Senator Ted Kennedy used to say when he was in the Senate. And we know it is our responsibility to get things done. 
We are working hard on fixing No 
Child Left Behind. We are working 
with Secretary Burwell and the Presi-dent on finding ways to move discov-eries and devices through the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration into the medicine cabinets. 
I see the Senator from Maryland on 
the floor. Yesterday we worked to-gether to receive a report that Senator M
IKULSKI from Maryland and I, Sen-
ator B ENNET from Colorado, and Sen-
ator B URRfrom North Carolina, asked 
for 2 years ago to take a look at all the Federal regulations governing our 6,000 colleges and universities and give us an assessment of how much they cost, and how much confusion and duplication there is since the eight different times we have reauthorized the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965. We asked how often we failed to weed the garden, how often we instead just dumped new laws and regulations on top of old ones, and to tell us exactly what to do. 
Chancellor Zeppos of Vanderbilt Uni-
versity and Chancellor Kirwan of the University System of Maryland gave us this report. Senator M
IKULSKI was 
there, I was there, and Senator M UR-
RAY, Senator B URR, and Senator B EN-
NETwere there. It was a very impres-
sive report. I won’t speak for long about it because I see the Senator from Maryland would like to speak, but I wish to take 5 minutes and say these things. It is sometimes best to tell a story to underscore a point, and here is the first story. Vanderbilt University hired the Boston Consulting Group to tell the university how much it spent complying with Federal rules and regu-lations for higher education in a single year. 
According to the Boston Consulting 
Group, Vanderbilt University spent $150 million complying with Federal rules and regulations last year. That is 11 percent of Vanderbilt’s non-hospital expenditures. That adds up to about $11,000 of the tuition for each one of the 12,000 students at the university. It is absolutely absurd that somehow or an-other that could happen. 
A second example is the student aid 
form 20 million families fill out every year. It is 108 questions long. Our com-mittee has been told that two ques-tions would provide all the necessary information for 95 percent of families: What is your income from two years ago and what is your family size? A bi-partisan group of Senators have intro-duced a bill to do just that. This would save millions of hours and dollars across the country. 
Here is a third example. Surveys con-
ducted by the National Academy of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.021 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1101 February 25, 2015 
Sciences found that 42 percent of a 
principal investigator’s time on a re-search project is spent on administra-tive tasks instead of research. 
I asked the head of the National 
Academy of Sciences what would be a reasonable time? 
He said about 10 percent. We spend 30 billion in taxpayer dol-
lars a year on research and develop-ment at colleges and universities. If we could save $1 billion of that $30 billion by reducing that 42 percent to closer to 10 percent, then we could fund a 1,000 more multiyear grants to investigate cancer research, Ebola research, and vaccines, and we should do that. 
This is an enormously promising re-
port. 
Ten years ago the Senator from 
Maryland and I worked on a report called ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm.’’ We asked a group of distin-guished Americans to tell us the 20 things that we might do in Congress to help make our country more competi-tive in the world. They gave us the 20 things, which formed a blueprint, and we passed most of them and eventually funded most of them. 
So I think this report we received 
yesterday has the opportunity to be as important as ‘‘Rising Above the Gath-ering Storm,’’ which later helped es-tablish the America COMPETES Act. It is a blueprint for how we can reduce overregulation, simplify rules, save money, make consumer protection clear, keep tuition down, find more money for research, and let colleges and universities spend their time and money educating students instead of filling out forms. 
I thank Senator M
IKULSKI from 
Maryland, Senator B ENNET from Colo-
rado, Senator B URR from North Caro-
lina, and my partner Senator M URRAY  
on the HELP Committee. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that my opening statement from yesterday’s hearing, followed by pages 1 through 6 of the report presented to us yesterday, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
TASKFORCE ON GOVERNMENT REGULATION OF  
HIGHER EDUCATION  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that a copy of my re-marks at the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee hearing ear-lier this week be printed in the R
ECORD . 
TASK FORCE ON GOVERNMENT REGULATION OF  
HIGHER EDUCATION  
This morning we are holding our first hear-
ing this Congress on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act which will focus on the final report from the Task Force on Government Regulation of Higher Edu-cation. 
Over a year ago, Vanderbilt University 
hired the Boston Consulting Group to deter-mine how much it costs the university to comply with federal rules and regulations. 
The answer: $150 million, or 11 percent of 
the university’s total non-hospital expendi-tures last year. 
Vanderbilt Chancellor Nick Zeppos says 
that this adds about $11,000 in additional tui-tion per year for each of the university’s 
12,757 students. 
Each year, 20 million American families 
fill out a complicated, 108-question form called the FAFSA (Free Application for Fed-eral Student Aid) to obtain a grant or loan to help pay for college. Several experts testi-fied before our committee that just two questions would tell the Department of Edu-cation 95 percent of what it needs to know to determine a student’s eligibility for a grant or loan: One, what is your family size? And, two, what is your family income? 
So, in January a bipartisan group of six 
Senators introduced legislation to simplify the student aid application and repayment process, including reducing the 108-question FAFSA form to just two questions. If our legislation becomes law, then families, guid-ance counselors, and admissions officers would save millions of hours. 
Most important, according to financial aid 
expert Mark Kantrowitz, the complicated, 108-question form discourages up to 2 million 
Americans each year from applying for aid. Last fall, the president of Southwest Ten-nessee Community College in Memphis told me that the complex form turns away from his campus 1,500 students each semester. 
Tennessee has become the first state to 
make community college tuition-free for qualifying students. But first, each student must fill out the FAFSA. Now that tuition is free, the principal obstacle for a qualified Tennessee student to obtain two more years of education after high school is not money: it is this unnecessarily complicated federal form. Ten years ago, then again three years ago, surveys by the National Academy of Sciences found that principal investigators spend 42 percent of their time associated with federal research projects on administra-tive tasks instead of research. 
I asked the head of the National Academies 
what a reasonable percent of time would be for a researcher to spend on administrative tasks. He replied: perhaps 10 percent or even less. 
How many billions could we save if we re-
duced the administrative burden? 
Taxpayers spend more than $30 billion a 
year on research and development at colleges and universities. 
This year, the average annual cost of an 
NIH research project grant is $480,000. If we reduce spending on unnecessary red tape by $1 billion, the an NIH could potentially fund more than a thousand multi-year grants. 
These should not be excused as normal, 
run-of-the-mill problems of government. These examples, and others like them, rep-resent sloppy, inefficient governing that wastes money, hurts students, discourages productivity, and impedes research. 
Such waste should be an embarrassment to 
all of us in the federal government. 
And let me make clear: let’s not just blame 
President Obama and Education Secretary Arne Duncan. They have contributed to the problem, but so has every President and every education secretary—and that includes me—since 1965 when the first Higher Edu-cation Act was enacted. 
And the list of those embarrassed should 
also include the Congress of the United States for year after year adding to and tol-erating a pile of conflicting, confusing regu-lations. 
The Higher Education Act totals nearly 
1,000 pages; there are over 1,000 pages in the official Code of Federal Regulations devoted to higher education; and on average every workday the Department of Education issues one new sub-regulatory guidance directive or clarification. 
No one has taken the time to ‘‘weed the 
garden.’’ 
The result of this piling up of regulations 
is that one of the greatest obstacles to inno-vation and cost consciousness in higher edu-
cation has become—us, the federal govern-ment. 
So if all of us created this mess, then it is 
up to all of us to fix it. 
That is why more than a year ago, four 
members of this committee—two Democrats and two Republicans—asked a group of dis-tinguished educators to examine the current state of federal rules and regulations for col-leges and universities. We asked them not just to tell us the problem, but to give us specific solutions. 
They have done so in a remarkable docu-
ment entitled ‘‘Recalibrating Regulation of Colleges and Universities,’’ in which they 
outline 59 specific regulations, requirements and areas for Congress and the Department of Education to consider—listing 10 espe-cially problematic regulations. 
I thank Vanderbilt University Chancellor 
Nick Zeppos and University System of Mary-land Chancellor Brit Kirwan for leading the effort. 
In their own words, America’s 6,000 col-
leges and universities live in a ‘‘jungle of red tape’’ that is expensive and confusing and unnecessary. 
The report makes clear that colleges and 
taxpayers expect appropriate regulation. But neither taxpayers nor colleges are well- served by the jungle that exists today. Con-sumer information that is too complicated to understand is worthless. 
Colleges must report the amount of foreign 
gifts they receive; disclose the number of fires drills that occurred on campus. ‘‘Gain-ful employment’’ disclosures require 30 dif-ferent pieces of information for each aca-demic program subject to the regulation. 
When a student withdraws from college be-
fore a certain time period, a student’s federal money must be returned to the government. This is a simple concept. 
Yet the regulations and guidance imple-
menting this are ridiculously complex—200 paragraphs of regulatory text accompanied by 200 pages in the Federal Student Aid handbook. 
The University of Colorado reports that 
they have two full-time staff devoted to this issue. One to do the calculation and the other one to recheck the other’s work. Ohio State University estimates that it spends around $200,000 annually on compliance for this regulation. 
Institutions offering distance education 
are subject to an additional set of bureauc-racy that can result in additional costs of $500,000 to a million dollars for compliance. 
All of these are examples of colleges and 
universities spending time and money on compliance with federal rules and not on stu-dents. 
Senator Murray and I will discuss how to 
develop a bipartisan process to take full ad-vantage of the recommendations in this re-port and to include many of them in reau-thorization of the High Education Act, which we plan to do this year. 
We will schedule additional hearings to 
gather comment on the report from institu-tions not directly involved with the report and consumers of higher education, includ-ing parents, students, and taxpayers. 
Some of the recommendations require a 
change in the law. Many can be fixed by the Department itself. 
I have talked with Secretary Duncan more 
than once about this effort and he is eager to do his part to solve the problem. I look for-ward to working with him and with Presi-dent Obama on eliminating unnecessary red tape, saving students money, and removing unnecessary regulatory obstacles to innova-tion in the best system of higher education in the world. 
This is not a new subject for me. One of the 
first things I did as a Senator was try to sim-plify student aid and the Free Application 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.024 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1102 February 25, 2015 
for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). And I’m 
told the net result was the reduction of ap-proximately 7 questions. Those have been re-placed by many more now. 
Although I voted against the final reau-
thorization of the Higher Education Act of 2008, I authored a provision in the bill that required the Secretary of Education to pub-lish a ‘‘compliance calendar’’ so schools can see all of their deadlines. 
Unfortunately, 7 years later, the Depart-
ment of Education has yet to implement this provision. 
With bipartisan support and this 
groundbreaking report we have today, I’m counting on this effort to get farther than that one. 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  
The federal government’s substantial fiscal 
investment in higher education recognizes that postsecondary education is a linchpin in the nation’s social and economic strength. Through that support, the government helps ensure that colleges and universities con-tinue to contribute broadly to the fabric of American society. To ensure prudent stew-ardship of federal support for higher edu-cation, the Department of Education is charged with developing procedures to carry out laws passed by Congress in regard to higher education and with overseeing insti-tutional compliance. Institutions of higher learning recognize the important role regu-lations play in the oversight of federal in-vestments. 
Over time, oversight of higher education 
by the Department of Education has ex-panded and evolved in ways that undermine the ability of colleges and universities to serve students and accomplish their mis-sions. The compliance problem is exacer-bated by the sheer volume of mandates—ap-proximately 2,000 pages of text—and the re-ality that the Department of Education issues official guidance to amend or clarify its rules at a rate of more than one docu-ment per work day. As a result, colleges and universities find themselves enmeshed in a jungle of red tape, facing rules that are often confusing and difficult to comply with. They must allocate resources to compliance that would be better applied to student education, safety, and innovation in instructional deliv-ery. Clearly, a better approach is needed. 
In 2013, a bipartisan group of U.S. Senators 
recognized that the pending reauthorization of the Higher Education Act (HEA) creates an opportunity to consider these issues in depth. They established a task force of col-lege and university presidents and chancellors to study federal regulation of higher education broadly and identify poten-tial improvements. 
Looking at the landscape of regulation of 
colleges and universities writ large, the Task Force on Federal Regulation of Higher Edu-cation identified a number of challenges that are particularly problematic. As described in Section II of this report, we concluded that many rules are unnecessarily voluminous and too often ambiguous, and that the cost of compliance has become unreasonable. Moreover, many regulations are unrelated to education, student safety, or stewardship of federal funds—and others can be a barrier to college access and innovation in education. 
Based on extensive discussions, consulta-
tions with experts, and site visits to cam-puses, the Task Force identified specific reg-ulations that are of major concern to higher education institutions. Section III details those concerns, which include problematic financial responsibility standards, confusion and inconsistency in reporting requirements for campus crime, overreach in authorization of distance education programs, inefficient rules concerning verification of financial aid 
eligibility, counterproductive micromanage-ment of the accreditation process, and poli-cies that result in consumers being inun-dated with information of questionable value. 
The Task Force also reviewed the proc-
esses by which higher education regulations are developed and implemented, and offers several specific ideas for improvement. Sec-tion IV outlines recommendations that in-clude asking the Government Accountability Office to review the Department of Edu-cation’s methodology for estimating institu-tional costs of compliance with regulations; the creation of clear ‘‘safe harbors’’ for insti-tutional compliance; the recognition of ‘‘good faith’’ efforts to comply; and several proposals for better practices by the Depart-ment. 
To help policy makers think about the 
most effective and efficient way to regulate higher education, the Task Force developed the following Guiding Principles to govern the development, implementation, and en-forcement of regulations by the Department: 
Regulations should be related to edu-
cation, student safety, and stewardship of federal funds. 
Regulations should be clear and com-
prehensible. 
Regulations should not stray from clearly 
stated legislative intent. 
Costs and burdens of regulations should be 
accurately estimated. 
Clear safe harbors should be created. The Department should recognize good 
faith efforts by institutions. 
The Department should complete program 
reviews and investigations in a timely man-ner. 
Penalties should be imposed at a level ap-
propriate to the violation. 
Disclosure requirements should focus on 
issues of widespread interest. 
All substantive policies should be subject 
to the ‘‘notice-and-comment’’ requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act. 
Regulations that consistently create com-
pliance challenges should be revised. 
The Department should take all necessary 
steps to facilitate compliance by institu-tions. 
The Task Force believes that adherence to 
these principles would help improve regula-tion of higher education, and urges their adoption. 
Again, to be clear: Regulations serve an 
important role in ensuring institutional ac-countability. But requirements that have an excessive reach, or that are unnecessarily costly and difficult to implement—or worse still, that hinder student access to college and drive costs up—are counterproductive. Smarter rules are needed. In the context of the forthcoming reauthorization of the HEA, this report from the Task Force on Federal Regulation of Higher Education proposes many specific avenues to improve the regu-lation of higher education. 
THETASKFORCE ON FEDERAL REGULATION OF  
HIGHER EDUCATION  
The pending reauthorization of the Higher 
Education Act (HEA) provides an oppor-tunity for Congress to examine how institu-tions of higher education are regulated and to identify ways to streamline and simplify regulatory policies and practices. With that goal in mind, a bipartisan group of U.S. Sen-ators—Lamar Alexander (R–TN), Barbara Mikulski (D–MD), Richard Burr (R–NC), and Michael Bennet (D–CO) created the Task Force on Federal Regulation of Higher Edu-cation in the fall of 2013 and directed it to consider these issues in depth. 
The Senators articulated a three-part 
charge for the group: 1) Provide specific recommendations to 
consolidate, streamline, and eliminate bur-densome, costly, and confusing regulations, laws, and reporting requirements; 
2) Review and quantify the extent of all 
federal requirements with which institutions must comply, including estimates of the time and costs associated with specific regu-lations; and, 
3) Provide recommendations for reform to 
ensure future regulations are promulgated in a manner that appropriately considers exist-ing law and accurately examines the costs and benefits to taxpayers, institutions, and students. 
The Senators appointed Task Force mem-
bers representing institutions from across all sectors of higher education, and named Chancellors William E. Kirwan of the Uni-versity System of Maryland and Nicholas S. Zeppos of Vanderbilt University (TN) as co- chairs. In addition to Chancellors Kirwan and Zeppos, the Task Force includes these members: 
William L. Armstrong, President, Colorado 
Christian University 
Bruce D. Benson, President, University of 
Colorado 
Molly Corbett Broad, President, American 
Council on Education (DC) 
Thomas V. Chema, President Emeritus, 
Hiram College (OH) 
Margaret L. Drugovich, President, 
Hartwick College (NY) 
Dana G. Hoyt, President, Sam Houston 
State University (TX) 
Brice W. Harris, Chancellor, California 
Community College System 
Jonathan A. Kaplan, Chief Executive Offi-
cer, Laureate Online Education (MD) 
Cornelius M. Kerwin, President, American 
University (DC) 
J. Michael Locke, Former CEO, Rasmussen 
College (IL) 
Harold L. Martin Sr., Chancellor, North 
Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University 
Claude O. Pressnell Jr., President, Ten-
nessee Independent Colleges and Universities Association 
Thomas W. Ross, President, University of 
North Carolina 
Robert G. Templin Jr., President, Northern 
Virginia Community College 
In addition, the Senators asked the Amer-
ican Council on Education (ACE) to support the work of the Task Force. 
SCOPE OF WORK AND TASK FORCE ACTIVITIES  
The word ‘‘regulation’’ can be viewed 
broadly or narrowly. Narrowly defined, fed-eral regulation means only a requirement imposed on institutions through the Code of Federal Regulations, the codification of all the regulations promulgated by federal agen-cies. Considered more broadly, it means any requirement placed on colleges and univer-sities in order to participate in the federal student aid program. For the purposes of this Task Force and our report, we use ‘‘reg-ulation’’ in this broader sense. 
The Task Force engaged in extensive con-
sultations for this project and solicited in-sights from higher education associations, campus officials, and other organizations and stakeholders. To gather input from indi-viduals on campuses who are responsible for implementing regulations, ACE staff con-ducted extensive site visits and met with representatives from more than 60 institu-tions around the country. 
Our aim was not simply to reduce the num-
ber of regulations imposed by the Depart-ment of Education, but rather to foster more effective and efficient rules that still meet federal objectives. To that end, we sought to accomplish these goals: 
Summarize the increasing burden of fed-
eral regulation on higher education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.005 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1103 February 25, 2015 
Identify regulations of particular concern 
to institutions of higher education, explain why they are problematic, and recommend changes to ameliorate them. 
Offer longer-term process improvements 
that would minimize similar concerns about regulations in the future. 
Section I of this report frames the current 
regulatory landscape for higher education. Section II describes specific current chal-lenges. Section III details 10 regulations that colleges and universities find especially problematic, and recommends solutions. Fi-nally, Section IV proposes ways to improve the regulatory process. 
Effective oversight can help colleges and 
universities keep costs down, keep students safe, focus on educating students, and be good stewards of federal funds. In that spirit, the Task Force developed the following Guiding Principles to help govern the devel-opment, implementation, and enforcement of regulations by the Department: 
Regulations should be related to edu-
cation, student safety, and stewardship of federal funds. 
Regulations should be clear and com-
prehensible. 
Regulations should not stray from clearly 
stated legislative intent. 
Costs and burdens of regulations should be 
accurately estimated. 
Clear safe harbors should be created. The Department should recognize good 
faith efforts by institutions. 
The Department should complete program 
reviews and investigations in a timely man-ner. 
Penalties should be imposed at a level ap-
propriate to the violation. 
Disclosure requirements should focus on 
issues of widespread interest. 
All substantive policies should be subject 
to the ‘‘notice-and-comment’’ requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act. 
Regulations that consistently create com-
pliance challenges should be revised. 
The Department should take all necessary 
steps to facilitate compliance by institu-tions. 
We believe that these principles would help 
improve the regulation of higher education, and we urge their adoption. 
While the primary focus of this report is on 
requirements imposed by the Department of Education, institutions of higher education are also regulated by every Cabinet-level agency, as well as many sub-Cabinet-level agencies. In that regard, we acknowledge the important work by other groups and organi-zations, including the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences and the National Science Board, to examine regulations stemming from other agencies, particularly in connection with federally funded research. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor to speak about the issue of funding for Homeland Secu-rity. However, I wish to note and ac-knowledge the comments just made by my colleague from Tennessee, Senator A
LEXANDER , the chair of the HELP 
Committee. I couldn’t agree with him more. 
Hello, America. Two Senators, dif-
ferent parts of the country, different political parties, different political views on some social issues or what-ever, but I couldn’t agree more with this outstanding report whose original idea came from the gentleman from 
Tennessee. 
When we worked on the reauthoriza-
tion of the Higher Education Act about 5 years ago now, we agreed upon goals to make college more accessible, to make college more affordable, to al-ways insist that that college offer a quality education and that students on the campus be safe and secure so they could be in a true learning environ-ment. 
I am a student loan/student grant 
person, so I was focusing on the stu-dents. I taught at Loyola University in Baltimore, in the community college, but my colleague, who was the presi-dent of a university, said: We ought to look at regs. Regulation could have a tremendous impact. 
So we put our heads together. Our co-
chairs came from Tennessee. The Maryland cochair was Dr. Kirwan, a re-tiring but very able chancellor. And it is a terrific report. It is exactly what we wanted. 
Where are the regs that, No. 1, are 
duplicative—the same darned report after report, and then you do a report on the reports so that then they can ask you questions and ask for a fol-lowup addendum. Then there are also instances where the requirements are contradictory. So there they are, the administrators of both the colleges and universities themselves or of an indi-vidual grant program. So we want to clarify that. 
Not only under Senator A
LEXANDER ’s 
leadership did we go for what were the top 10 concerns that were really bur-densome, duplicative, or contradictory, they gave us a checklist on what would constitute criteria for a good reg. I think they gave us a great roadmap, and now it is our part to use the report. So we are not like everybody else where we got them to do a report and we don’t do anything with it. 
When we did ‘‘Rising Above the Gath-
ering Storm,’’ which I was so excited to be part of, it was truly a bipartisan ef-fort. It led to legislation, and it led to other executive branch input. 
So I thank my colleague from Ten-
nessee. I think this is the way we should be working together—put our heads together, get the best advice from what is out there in the real world, and then let’s put our shoulders to the wheel and get it done. 
Does the Senator have a sense of 
when he would like to move or the timetable to implement this? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Maryland for her comments and her leadership. 
I would say to the Senator from 
Maryland that I will need to sit down and talk to the Senator from Wash-ington, Mrs. M
URRAY , which we plan to 
do in March. My hope would be that in April we could begin five or six hear-ings aligned with the recommendations in the report, and on other matters such as accreditation, form working groups within our committee, and then 
by the fall move ahead with the reau-thorization of the Higher Education Act and complete it by the end of the year. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. I thank the Senator 
from Tennessee and look forward to working with him. 
Mr. President, this is the way it 
ought to be, where Senators come to-gether and bring our best ideas. We also bring our concerns and we put them all on the table. But we began with civility, we began with respect, and we established what were agreed- upon goals and how each one of us thought we could get to the roadmap to do that. This is the way I would hope we would work. 
Now, as we come to almost a crisis 
with the funding for Homeland Secu-rity running out on Friday, this is the time for us to put our party differences aside, put our pet projects aside, and focus not on what is good for our poli-tics but what is good for America. 
I understand that our leadership on 
both sides of the aisle—Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator R EID—have 
arrived now at a framework where we will go through a set of parliamentary procedures, which is our way, to then arrive at a point where we could be voting on a full year’s funding for Homeland Security without any addi-tional riders that could derail the bill placed on it. I wish to compliment the leadership for beginning a communica-tion and establishing a parliamentary choreography where we could actually get the job done. The leaders have been working on this. We know they will be coming here on the floor in a few min-utes to share with us that idea and begin the procedures where every Sen-ator can exercise their will and their judgment. 
But I just want to say this as the 
ranking member or the vice chair of the Appropriations Committee: We have to fund the Department of Home-land Security. We just have to do it. We have to do it, and we have to do it now. I hope we can do it in the Senate this afternoon and that the House real-ly follows what we are doing here. 
This is so crucial because of the very 
nature of what the bill is—homeland security. This isn’t about a new agency that might be duplicative of another. This isn’t about new programs. It is not even about great big new sums of money. This Appropriations Com-mittee arrived at its recommendations when we were working on the omnibus. 
The Presiding Officer is the chair of 
the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity. I know that in the way he does his due diligence, he has reviewed this bill. So the money part I don’t think is con-troversial and it actually does the job. And the job is to do the full funding to protect the homeland. 
I really worry about our country. 
Here we are, and we have ISIL making additional threats to the United States about the security of our malls. While 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.007 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1104 February 25, 2015 
we were all pondering what our strat-
egy would be and parsing what the pol-itics would be, our great Federal agents were on the scene making sure that four Americans didn’t go to join ISIL to fight against us and perhaps or-ganize predatory attacks against us. Our people are on the job, and now it is time that we do our job and fully fund this agency. 
America is at risk. We face ter-
rorism. We face the consequences of natural disasters, which FEMA and the Coast Guard are really helping us with right now. We face cyber threats. We need the Department of Homeland Se-curity funded in a way to prevent and respond to these situations. 
When I look at this, it is really 
standing sentry in terms of all we need to do in terms of port security, airport security, guarding our borders through our Border Patrol agents, 23,000 Border Patrol agents. But I also look at the first responders. If anything happens in our country, it is local law enforce-ment and local firefighters who are the first to respond. We have helped them with this response by providing them with Federal funds. I am really proud of what we have done on this. 
I want to speak particularly about 
the Fire Grant Program. Now think about what they do. Every day when they report to duty, our first respond-ers don’t know what they will face. In my own home State of Maryland, will they face a train derailment? We have had those. Will they face a Metro fire? We have had that. Will we have a mul-tiple-vehicle accident on 95 that could involve a horrific accident that re-quires rescue from hazardous and toxic waste? Because of who we are, with our airports and our seaports, we also are a big threat for a terrorist attack. Our first responders are asking us to give them the money they need to pay the bills and also help them with these ne-cessities. 
Over 10 years ago I joined with one of 
my Republican counterparts, Senator Kit Bond of Missouri. We were both concerned with what was happening to our volunteer fire departments. As he crisscrossed Missouri and I crisscrossed Maryland, we were shocked to find out that a new firetruck could cost as much as $1 million, that wonderful SCBA protective gear that would be fire retardant or fire resistant could cost $2,000, that the special breathing apparatus that is being developed can cost over $5,000. When we put our heads together and listened to our fire-fighters, we realized you could not fund that on tip jars, pancake breakfasts, crabcake dinners, or oyster fries in my own State. We wanted to help them. We wanted to make sure we helped them so they could protect us. 
So we looked at the Fire Grant Pro-
gram. It has been a tremendous success in my own State in the decades since we passed it. Over 600 fire departments have been helped with the new equip-ment they need. When I travel my State, I have people who defend and protect me in my community shake my 
hand. The Presiding Officer knows what the volunteer firefighters do. I am sure it is the same situation in North Dakota as it is western Mary-land. They say: You have helped me be able to do the job. Volunteer fire de-partments do all of this on their own time and on their own dime. 
So what happens if we don’t fund 
Homeland Security? It means that those $2 billion grants for emergency firefighters, port security, for local ef-forts and so on will not be funded. Make no mistake. For those people per-haps in the Senate or in the House that say that we just do a continuing reso-lution, a continuing resolution means that grants cannot be funded. 
Under current law, for any program 
with an agency that is on a CR, it can-not issue grant money at all. So that means right now they are getting ready to take the Fire Grant Program proposals. Secretary Jeh Johnson can’t put out communication to say it is now the annual time for fire chiefs to come in with their requests. 
So we are placing America at risk— 
not only with the really big picture stuff. Often the big picture comes back home. On that terrible, terrible day of 9/11, who ran up into those burning buildings? Who ran up those steps of the World Trade Center? It was our firefighters. 
I am flinching, flagging, abashed at 
their heroism and their desire to res-cue. And every day—right this minute—one of them somewhere is doing something. Certainly we can fund the grant program so they can have the truck they need, so they have the breathing apparatus they need, so they have the protective gear they need, so we can protect them while they are protecting us—rather than protecting our political butts. We have got to get off our butts and fund this bill. 
I look forward to the leadership on 
both sides of the aisle coming forward with a program to do it. I hope we have a sense of urgency. There is a saying from Tip O’Neill that ‘‘all politics is local,’’ but ultimately, all homeland security is local. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
appreciate our Democrat colleagues joining us and proceeding to the House- passed bill. I have spoken to the Demo-cratic leader and my colleagues on the Republican side and commit to offering an amendment to the House bill to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security, while addressing the Presi-dent’s Executive actions on a separate adjacent track through consideration 
of the Collins bill. 
When the Senate proceeds to H.R. 
240, I will offer a clean substitute and work to expedite consideration of the bill, as amended, to get it back over to the House this week. I would welcome bipartisan cooperation to pass the DHS funding bill as well as the common-sense Collins bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the major-
ity leader and I have had very good dis-cussions in the last 24 hours or so. We have agreed that, in order to pass a clean Homeland Security appropria-tions bill for the remainder of this fis-cal year, the Democrats will support getting on the House Homeland Secu-rity funding bill. In exchange, the ma-jority leader will provide that the only amendment will be a clean Homeland Security funding substitute, which he just outlined. The substance of this amendment is the same as the bill that was introduced by Senators M
IKULSKI  
and S HAHEEN about a month ago. 
The Senate will adopt that amend-
ment and send the amended bill to the House in an expedited fashion. The Senate will then vote on cloture on the motion to proceed to the Collins bill. 
Personally, I don’t believe the Collins 
bill is a compromise. It would under-mine law enforcement and tear fami-lies apart. So until full-year funding for the Homeland Security Department is enacted, I will vote against going to the Collins bill. 
After a clean bill is signed into law, 
I will be happy to have a vigorous de-bate on immigration and the best way to fix our broken system. 
I want to be very clear that Demo-
crats would be willing to expedite the plan we have before us by consent. 
In conclusion, I thank the majority 
leader for working with Democrats to come to a solution of this impasse that we have been faced with for the last 4 weeks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to the motion to re-consider vote No. 53, the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.025 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1105 February 25, 2015 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 240, making appro-priations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015. 
Mitch McConnell, Thad Cochran, Tom 
Cotton, Roger F. Wicker, David Vitter, Jerry Moran, Daniel Coats, Michael B. Enzi, Mike Crapo, Bill Cassidy, John Boozman, John Thune, Tim Scott, John Hoeven, James Lankford, Jeff Sessions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 240, an act making ap-propriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsideration? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 98, 
nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 58 Leg.] 
YEAS—98 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—2 
Inhofe Sessions 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TOOMEY ). On this vote, the yeas are 98, 
the nays are 2. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion, upon reconsider-ation, is agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I just 
want to applaud the vote we just had. A 98-to-2 vote shows very clearly that our colleagues in the Senate want to see funding for Homeland Security. Ev-erybody understands that the risks to this country are too great for us not to provide the resources the Department needs so they can continue to do their 
jobs. 
We just heard that the Department of 
Homeland Security was involved with the FBI in the case of three people in Brooklyn who were threatening this country because they wanted to go to the Middle East and join ISIS. We need to make sure DHS has the funding they need. This is real progress. I applaud Senators M
CCONNELL and R EIDfor their 
efforts to get to this point. 
I hope we can continue down this 
road to get funding for the Depart-ment, and that when we send the bill over to the House, the House will also work together in a bipartisan way to get a clean funding bill before the re-sources run out, before the money runs out for the Department of Homeland Security this Friday. We have a little bit of time. We need to get this done. The Senate took a giant step forward today to do that. I applaud my col-leagues. I hope we can keep this going and that we can get this done very soon. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
INCOME INEQUALITY  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I do 
not agree with Speaker of the House J
OHNBOEHNER on very much, but I do 
agree that it is an excellent idea for there to be a joint session of Congress in the fall to hear from Pope Francis. To my mind, in the last few years the Pope has played an extraordinary role in speaking out on issues of enormous consequence that impact every man, woman, and child, not just in our coun-try but on the planet. He has shown great courage in raising issues that we very rarely discuss here in the Con-gress or in parliaments around the country. 
What I want to do briefly this after-
noon is quote and discuss some of the statements that the Pope has made that I think we need to listen to. I think it is a wonderful idea that Speaker B
OEHNER has invited the Pope, 
but I think it is important we also lis-ten to what he has said. This is from Pope Francis. 
We have created new idols. The worship of 
the golden calf of old has found a new and heartless image in the cult of money and the dictatorship of an economy which is faceless and lacking any truly humane goal. 
On another occasion what he says is: 
‘‘Man is not in charge today, money is in charge, money rules.’’ 
Then he says in another quote: 
Today everything comes under the laws of 
competition and the survival of the fittest, where the powerful feed upon the powerless. As a consequence, masses of people find themselves excluded and marginalized: with-out work, without possibilities, without any means of escape. 
Then he says this on an issue that is, 
I think, very relevant to this body: 
In this context, some people continue to 
defend trickle-down theories which assume that economic growth, encouraged by a free market, will inevitably succeed in bringing about greater justice and inclusiveness in 
the world. This opinion, which has never 
been confirmed by the facts, expresses a crude and naive trust in the goodness of those wielding economic power and in the sacralized workings of the prevailing eco-nomic system. 
Then he says: 
. . . these things become the norm: that some homeless people die of cold on the streets is not news. In contrast, a ten point drop on the stock markets of some cities, is a tragedy. 
In other words, when people die be-
cause they are poor and hungry and cold, that is not news. But a 10-point drop in the stock market becomes a tragedy. 
Then he says: 
We must say ‘‘we want a just system! A 
system that enables everyone to get on’’. We must say: ‘‘we don’t want this globalized economic system which does us so much harm!’’ 
Here we have the leader of the Catho-
lic Church raising profound issues about the state of the economy—cer-tainly not just to the United States but all over the world. I don’t want to par-aphrase him, but my interpretation of what he is saying is that money cannot be an end in itself. The function of an economic system is not just to let the marketplace reign and end up in a situ-ation where a small number of people have incredible wealth while so many people have virtually nothing. 
That is true not just of the United 
States, but it is even more true around the world. We have a situation right now—incredible as it may sound— where the wealthiest 85 people in the world own more wealth than the bot-tom half of the world’s population. So 85 phenomenally wealthy billionaires are here, and half of the world’s popu-lation are over here—over 3 billion peo-ple. Does anybody in the wildest stretch of their imagination think this is anything close to a just world eco-nomic system? 
Oxfam recently told us that within 
the global economy within a year or two, the top 1 percent of the world’s wealthiest people will own more wealth than the bottom 99 percent. What reli-gion condones this type of economic disparity? What political party should condone this type of economic dis-parity? 
What the Pope is essentially saying 
is we need to pay attention to those people who are hurting—not just the homeless, not just the hungry, but those people who are working longer hours for low wages and at exactly the same time when in this country we have seen a proliferation of million-aires and billionaires. Is that what our economy is supposed to be about? 
Let me just amplify what the Pope 
was saying by giving you some cold statistics in terms of what is going on in the United States of America. I am not talking about the global economy. I am not talking about Greece, where unemployment is 25 percent and where their economy has contracted by a quarter in the last 6 years. I am talk-ing about the American economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.027 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1106 February 25, 2015 
Since 1999 the median middle-class 
family—that family right in the middle of the American economy—has seen its income go down by almost $5,000 after adjusting for inflation. Incredibly, that family earned less income last year than it did 26 years ago, back in 1989. 
Do you want to know why people in 
America are angry? Whether they are in the Occupy Wall Street movement and consider themselves progressive, whether they are in the tea party movement and consider themselves conservative, the median male work-er—that man right in the middle of the American economy—earned $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago. In other words, you have seen an explo-sion of technological productivity, but the male worker in the middle of the economy—inflation adjusted for dol-lars—made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago, while the median fe-male worker—the woman in the middle of the American economy—earned $1,300 less last year than she did in 2007. 
All over this country we are seeing 
men and women working longer hours for lower wages. We are seeing people working not one job but two jobs or three jobs in order to cobble together the income they need and maybe some health care as well. But while the mid-dle class continues to disappear on a 40-year trajectory, the wealthiest peo-ple and the largest corporations are doing phenomenally well. The gap be-tween the very, very rich and every-body else is growing wider. 
This is what the Pope means, I think, 
when he says this: 
While the income of a minority is increas-
ing exponentially, that of the majority is crumbling. This imbalance results from ideologies which uphold the absolute auton-omy of markets and financial speculation, and thus deny the right of control to States, which are themselves charged with providing for the common good. 
This is from Pope Francis. So what 
does he mean when he talks about the income of a minority increasing expo-nentially while the majority is crum-bling? Let me give you some examples. I talked about male wages, female wages, and median family income. Let me talk about what is going on in the top 1 percent. 
Today the top 1 percent in America 
now own about 41 percent of the entire wealth of our country while the bottom 60 percent own less than 2 percent. Let me repeat that. The top 1 percent own over 40 percent of the wealth. The bot-tom 60 percent own less than 2 percent. Today, incredibly, the top one-tenth of 1 percent now own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent—one- tenth of 1 percent. So 16,000 families own almost as much wealth as the bot-tom 300 million people in our country. Today the Walton family—the owners of Walmart and the wealthiest family in America—is now worth $153 billion. That is more wealth in one family than the bottom 40 percent of Americans. Over the past decade, the net worth of the top 400 billionaires in this country has doubled, up to an astronomical $1 
trillion in just 10 years. 
In terms of income as opposed to 
wealth, almost all of the new income generated in recent years, since the Wall Street crash, has gone to the top 1 percent. In fact, the last information that we have indicates that over 99 per-cent of all new income generated in this country goes to the top 1 percent. 
The top 25 hedge fund managers on 
Wall Street made more than $24 billion in 2013, equivalent to the full salaries of more than 425,000 public school teachers. What we are seeing in this country is growing income and wealth inequality. What we are seeing around the world is the same. 
What troubles me very much is that 
in the midst of a disappearing middle class, at a time when we have more people living in poverty today than at almost any time in recent history, I be-lieve my Republican colleagues on the Budget Committee will bring forth a budget in the next few years which will move us in exactly the wrong direc-tion. When the rich get richer, their proposal will be let’s give more tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires. 
When large corporations are enjoying 
huge profits, and major corporation after major corporation is paying noth-ing in Federal income tax, their pro-posal will be let’s give more tax breaks to large multinational corporations. 
Then after giving tax breaks to the 
rich and large corporations, they say: Well, we want a balanced budget, and the way we are going to balance the budget is on the backs of a dis-appearing middle class, on the backs of millions of working families, and on the backs of the poorest and most vul-nerable people in this country. 
This is the Robin Hood principle in 
reverse. This is taking from the poor and working people and giving it to the millionaires and billionaires. 
I would hope the American people 
say: Enough is enough. We don’t need more tax breaks for the rich and large corporations. We don’t need to cut So-cial Security, Medicare, Medicaid, edu-cation, nutrition programs for hungry people, and Pell grants so the kids can go to college. That is not what we should be doing. In fact, we should be moving in exactly the other direction. 
From 1983 to a few years ago, what 
we have seen in this country is an in-credible transfer of wealth from the bottom 90 percent to the top 1 percent. We are talking about trillions of dol-lars in wealth going from the bottom 90 percent to the top 1 percent. Most Americans are saying: Enough is enough. We don’t need more austerity for the middle class. We don’t need to cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Maybe it is time for some austerity for the top 1 percent. 
I hope when we come together to dis-
cuss the budget, Members of the Senate will listen to what Pope Francis has been talking about and give us a budg-et which works for the most vulnerable people in this country, which works for tens of millions of working families, 
and does not simply work for large campaign donors. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, some-
body asked me a little while ago, shouldn’t we be voting on the mish-mash on Homeland Security that the 
House of Representatives sent over be-cause of the immigration matters in it. 
I reminded them that the Senate in 
the last Congress voted by a 2-to-1 mar-gin, on a bipartisan comprehensive im-migration bill which we sent to the House of Representatives and the Speaker refused to bring the bill up. It probably would have passed. 
Had it passed, it would have been 
signed into law and President Obama would not have issued any Executive orders. There would be no need to. We had everything from border security, which Republicans and Democrats voted for, to minors and the DREAM-ers, which Republicans and Democrats voted for. 
In fact, we had hundreds of hours of 
hearings and markups. We had around 140 amendments that were brought up, and I would call for one Republican amendment and one Democratic amendment. We went back and forth day after day, night after night. We did 140 or 141 amendments. 
All but one of them passed by a bi-
partisan vote. We then had dozens of amendments on the floor, all of which passed with bipartisan votes. The final bill got 68 votes. 
We have done the work on immigra-
tion. Let’s not play games and endan-ger the needed funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security at a time when we face all kinds of dangers in this country. Let’s not close down De-partment of Homeland Security on a made-up mission of doing something for immigration. 
We passed an immigration bill. They 
could take out the draft of that old bill, vote it up, and vote it down. Sixty-eight Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike, voted for it. Let’s bring up something similar. Let’s have a real debate. Let’s have amendments. Let’s go to immigration. Then in the meantime, let’s pass the Department of Homeland Security bill. 
Millions upon millions of taxpayer 
dollars are being wasted even today as they prepare for a shutdown, not know-ing whether these tactics are going to close down the Department, that major part of our government, or not. They have to spend the money. That is money wasted, to say nothing about the job that’s not being done. 
I refer to my speech about Ground-
hog Day because we have seen this one. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.030 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1107 February 25, 2015 
Our friends across the way in the Cap-
itol closed down the government be-fore. 
In just 2 days, unless Congress acts, 
the doors at the Department of Home-land Security, one of the country’s pri-mary national security agencies, will shutter. Unless we act, 30,000 workers will be furloughed without pay. An-other 130,000 will be asked to work in defense of our nation’s security, with-out pay. 
This is another needless, made-in- 
Washington crisis. We find ourselves here today because of the House’s ini-tial failure to act for more than a year and a half on bipartisan legislation that the Senate passed to help fix our broken immigration system. The House’s inaction forced the President to do what he could through the execu-tive authorities available to him. Those actions are welcomed. But they are not permanent, legislative fixes. Now, because Republicans in the House are angry that the President acted where they would not, they are threat-ening the functions of the very agency that helps protect our borders, our air-space, our waterways, and our commu-nities. 
Every State in this country will be 
affected by a shutdown of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. In the midst of a fiercely cold winter, when the Northeast has been devastated by life-threatening storms, we put at risk important recovery resources available through FEMA. We put at risk coun-terterrorism efforts and analysis of critical intelligence, as we continue to mount and improve our national secu-rity in the face of unprecedented vio-lent threats from enemies overseas. It is appalling that in the face of reports that terrorists want to target such do-mestic sites as the Mall of America, some in Congress are playing petty pol-itics with the vital operations of the Department of Homeland Security. 
A short-term continuing resolution 
will not solve this problem. A con-tinuing resolution for the Department of Homeland Security recognizes nei-ther the evolving threats to our Na-tion’s security, nor the continuing stresses on our immigration system. A continuing resolution for the Depart-ment will tear immigrant families apart, rather than support keeping them together. A continuing resolution will not support an increase of $400 mil-lion for the Department. It will freeze FEMA resources at their current lev-els. 
And let’s remember one key fact that 
I do not hear these reckless voices in Congress acknowledging: The funding bill we should be considering—the Sha-heen-Mikulski bill—already is a com-promise bill. It is far from perfect. For example, I strongly oppose the new funding for family detention. Incarcer-ating women and children fleeing vio-lence runs contrary to our long history as a nation that offers refuge to those most in need. Nonetheless I am pre-pared to support the bill, because it will help State and local communities 
with disaster recovery, with law en-forcement activities, and will support our national security and counterter-rorism efforts. 
The Shaheen-Mikulski bill is the 
product of bipartisan negotiations be-tween Republicans and Democrats in both the Senate and the House. But for the President’s executive actions in November, it would have been included in the omnibus spending bill that was signed into law last year. Now we are on the brink of a potential shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security. This is a fabricated crisis. The solution is simple. The Senate should approve the Shaheen-Mikulski bill, send it to the House, and end this stalemate. The House should promptly consider the bi-partisan, comprehensive immigration legislation approved overwhelmingly by the Senate in 2013. 
If there is another debate to be had 
about fixing our immigration system, let’s have that debate. But let’s stop holding the operations of one of the Nation’s key national security agency captive, while asking tens of thousands of hardworking Americans—including more than 2,500 Vermonters—to either work without pay or take an unpaid leave of absence. This is not the way to run a country. Unlike in so many other questions facing our country, the solu-tion to this contrived disaster is easy. Members of Congress just need to have the courage to act. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
UKRAINE  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise once again in support of the people of Ukraine in their struggle against Russian aggression. The most recent diplomatic efforts seem to have only emboldened President Putin. 
Since Minsk II, which is the last time 
they came to an agreement with ref-erence to a ceasefire, there have been hundreds of ceasefire violations and the city of Debaltseve has fallen under rebel control. Putin’s forces now threaten Mariupol, which would pro-vide a key land bridge to Crimea, and his intentions are clear. 
In my view, we need to urgently in-
crease the cost to Putin with tougher sanctions and by providing more secu-rity assistance to the Ukrainian mili-tary. 
At a press conference on February 9 
with Chancellor Merkel, the President said that his team was considering op-tions including the provision of defen-sive military equipment if the diplo-matic effort with respect to Russia has failed. As recent events have shown, Minsk 
II is clearly dead, and we need to take a different approach. 
At so many points in history, there 
have been opportunities for the inter-national community to deter rogue ac-tors from violating the sovereignty of other countries. Unless bullies such as Putin are confronted, they will always bully, they will always force a re-sponse, and they will always be an even greater problem for their neighbors and the broader international community. 
Putin took Crimea, then he took 
Donetsk, then he took Luhansk, and last week he took Debaltseve. While he has paid a price because of the sanc-tions regime, that price has not changed his behavior. So now is the 
time to increase the cost to Putin. Now is the time to increase sanctions on Russia and work with Europe to con-sider additional sanctions in other sec-tors of the economy. Now is the time for the President to abide by his words on February 9—to provide badly needed defensive weapons to the Ukrainian Government and to rethink our stra-tegic response to Russia’s encroach-ment in Ukraine and across the former Soviet territories. 
The international community simply 
cannot remain passive in the face of such unbridled aggression that will only invite further aggression. So I call upon the administration to fully imple-ment measures this body authorized when it passed the Ukraine Freedom Support Act, which the President signed into law on December 18. 
Last month I wrote to Secretary 
Kerry in the wake of the bloodiest pe-riod since the start of this crisis. I urged the administration to fully im-plement the authorities provided in the law and to comply with the clear re-porting deadlines. 
The legislation passed with unani-
mous consent in both Houses of Con-gress. It authorizes the President to provide much needed military and hu-manitarian aid to Ukraine, and it im-poses additional sanctions against Rus-sia in this time of crisis. The legisla-tion was necessary in December, and it is even more necessary today. 
We know the sanctions implemented 
by the United States and the European Union have had a tangible effect on the Russian economy. Combined with the decrease in global energy markets, they have put unprecedented pressure on President Putin. But he is undeterred. He continues to provide il-legitimate and illegal support to sepa-ratists in eastern Ukraine, evidenced by OSCE and NATO reports cataloging the growing number of Russian troops and artillery that remain in the region and as evidenced by the spiking vio-lence by so-called Russian-backed sepa-ratists against both military troops and civilians. Russian troops and these 
so-called Russian-backed rebels have carried out deadly attacks on civilians in eastern Ukraine. They have killed scores—they have killed women, they have killed children. They have ig-nored Minsk I. They have ignored 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.033 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1108 February 25, 2015 
Minsk II. And now they have gained 
control of Debaltseve and have made moves towards Mariupol. This must end. The violence must end and the killing must stop. 
We must renew our commitment to 
the people of Ukraine and stand against Putin’s blatant aggression. I appreciate the administration’s com-prehensive efforts to counter Russian aggression, but I also believe it is not enough. We must act immediately to influence the course of events on the ground and urge the President to fully implement the Ukraine Freedom Sup-port Act. The violence threatening Ukraine’s territorial integrity is threatening the region. The inter-national community has an obligation to respond to Putin’s clear signals that his intention is to escalate tensions in Ukraine and across the region. 
Since Senator C
ORKER and I, along 
with other committee members, intro-duced the Ukraine Freedom Support Act, Putin has escalated his belligerent and aggressive tactics. NATO has de-ployed more than 400 times last year to intercept Russian military flights near members’ European airspace. 
In July of 2014, Ukrainian pilot 
Nadiya Savchenko was captured by Russian forces and is being illegally de-tained in Russia despite Russia’s com-mitment to Minsk to free her. 
In September of last year, Russians 
abducted the Estonian security service officer Eston Kohver from Estonian territory. He was taken from Estonian territory to Moscow where he has been languishing in prison without due proc-ess. 
In October, Sweden’s military discov-
ered what it believed was a Russian submarine outside of Stockholm. In December, about a dozen Russian air-craft, including bombers, flew into the Baltic Sea region. In January, attacks on civilian buses took the lives of 20 Ukrainians. It is time for the inter-national community to say enough is enough. 
Fully implementing the sanctions 
and assistance in the Ukraine Freedom Support Act will help restore its sov-ereignty, it will help restore its terri-torial integrity, and it will help deter Russia from further destabilizing the region. 
I urge the President to implement 
these measures immediately, without delay. That said, I understand there are individuals on the European Union and Canadian targeted sanctions list who do not appear on the American list of sanctions. Now why is this the case? 
Perhaps the most egregious example 
is Alexander Bortnikov, the head of the Russian FSB. Mr. Bortnikov is not on the U.S. lists in relation to either Ukraine or the Magnitsky act, but he 
is on the European Union and Canadian lists. To make matters worse, Mr. Bortnikov was here in the United States last week for President Obama’s CVE conference. To say that I am puz-zled would be an understatement. 
The fact is there are almost 150 indi-
viduals and entities on the Canadian and EU sanctions lists that are not on 
the U.S. lists. If there is no justifiable reason for excluding these individuals, then they should be added. 
Yesterday before the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee, Secretary Kerry indicated that these lists will be synced, harmonized, in the coming days, and I will keep a close eye on this process. Clearly, for the international effort to be effective, we need to be in lockstep with our Canadian and Euro-pean allies. When we passed this legis-lation last December, it coincided with a Wall Street Journal report about the fortune that Russians were spending to lobby Washington against passing that very bill. They claimed the sanctions would affect the West’s willingness to invest in Russia, and I say that is ex-actly what these sanctions should do. 
Putin is using his military power to 
impose his will in Ukraine, but he is also using every economic tool at his disposal, and we must do the same. We must make it clear to Mr. Putin that there will be consequences for his ac-tions. 
This is not only obviously important 
in the context of Ukraine, which it cer-tainly is in the first instance, but it is also about sending a very clear global message that if you violate and upend the international order, there will be consequences for doing so. Because in the absence of real consequences to doing so, there are other actors in the world who are looking at what is hap-pening in Ukraine who will say, well, what did the United States, what did the West do to stop the aggression of Russia? And if the answer is not very much, at the end of the day—certainly not enough to stop that aggression— then other actors in the world who may be more powerful than their neighbors, who may have nuclear weapons in their possession, such as North Korea, will think about what they want to do. And whether that is China in the South China Sea which has had territorial disputes with our allies South Korea and Japan, or whether it is the chal-lenge we have in North Korea of a nu-clear armed North Korea, whether it is Maduro in Venezuela oppressing his people—I can go through a list of glob-al actors who will wonder that if, at the end of the day, there isn’t much consequence for violating the inter-national order, then I will do what I wish to do because I have the power to do it without consequences. That is an incredibly risky world to live in. 
So I urge the President to implement 
our bill now. The military situation on the ground is clear. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope, NATO, the Ukrainian National Security Defense Council, have all re-ported on the presence of Russian mili-tary convoys and troops in eastern Ukraine. 
As a matter of fact, I was there last 
year in the midst of the invasion—and I call it an invasion, because last time I checked, where I come from, if you have Russian troops crossing from Rus-sia into another sovereign country, if 
you have surface-to-surface missiles, if you have armored vehicles and tanks and all of them are crossing without provocation, then you clearly have an invasion—and that has only mounted. You can take a soldier and take his Russian insignia off and put something else on, but they are still Russian sol-diers coming into Ukraine from Russia. 
Fear is mounting in Mariupol that 
pro-Russian rebels with Russian sup-port will conduct further attacks to ease land access to Crimea from Rus-sia. If Russia gets its land access to Crimea, despite all of our talk that we will not forget that Crimea was taken by force illegally in violation of inter-national law, Crimea is gone. If Russia continues down this path, its illegal oc-cupation will be solidified and Putin clearly intends to continue to play his game. 
Prior to Minsk II, Oleksandr 
Zakharchenko, the head of the separat-ists in Donetsk, said ‘‘there will be no ceasefires’’ and that the separatists will not stop their attacks until they have ‘‘reached the borders of the former Donetsk region.’’ 
He has stayed true to his word. There 
are no more ceasefires. He issued an order to ‘‘take no prisoners,’’ claiming that the separatists were no longer in-terested in prisoner swaps. 
So I say to my colleagues, the situa-
tion is dire and it is becoming increas-ingly clear we are not doing enough to change it. We must raise the costs to Putin and his cronies by providing Ukraine with the assistance it needs to defend itself. The world is watching and waiting and the time is now. The Ukraine Freedom Support Act explic-itly authorizes the provision of defen-sive military assistance. Let’s provide it. 
We have sent over night vision gog-
gles, and I guess those are great to see the enemy, but if they can’t stop the enemy, what good is that? What good is that? 
Let’s provide anti-tank and anti- 
armor weapons, crew weapons, and am-munition. Let’s provide counterartil-lery radar to identify and target artil-lery batteries, fire control, range find-er, and optical and guidance control equipment. Let’s provide tactical troop-operated surveillance drones and secure command and communications equipment. 
The administration was required to 
report to Congress on February 15 re-garding its plan for increasing military assistance to the Government of Ukraine. Ten days later, we are still waiting on this report. I urge the Presi-dent to impose the more stringent sanctions on Russia’s defense and en-ergy sectors that we outlined in the law. I urge him to enact further sanc-tions on Rosoboronexport and other Russian defense firms that we know contribute to the instability in Ukraine, Moldova, Georgia, and Syria. These firms outfit pro-Russian rebels and Russian troops who have invaded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.036 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1109 February 25, 2015 
eastern Ukraine and established ille-
gitimate republics recognized by no one but President Putin. It is time to enact those sanctions. It is time that we put an end to the chaos and vio-lence these firms spread around the world. It is time to impose additional targeted sanctions on the Russian en-ergy sector to add to existing sanctions that are already costing the Russian economy about $140 billion a year, or about 7 percent of its economy. 
By imposing the energy sanctions 
called for in the act, the administra-tion will tighten restrictions on shale deposits, arctic drilling, and offshore drilling. 
The Ukraine Freedom Support Act 
calls for the administration to impose sanctions on other defense industry targets as well as on special Russian crude oil projects by January 31. We are still waiting to see the administra-tion’s response. 
On September 18, Petro Poroshenko, 
the President of Ukraine, addressed a joint session of Congress. We applauded his message of solidarity. Now it is time to move past the applause. Now is the time to stand together in solidarity with the people of Ukraine. President Poroshenko asked for defensive arms, he asked us for aid, and he asked us for tougher sanctions on Russia. We all want a diplomatic solution to this problem, but I believe this can only come about when Putin believes the cost of continuing to ravage Ukraine is simply too high. We have a responsi-bility to increase that cost. 
I ask the President to heed our call 
and to fully exercise the authority granted by the Ukraine Freedom Sup-port Act and to do it now. 
If we do that, not only do we save a 
key country that is presently bleed-ing—the eastern part of Ukraine is one of the most productive parts of the country. It is tough to keep providing financial support to it when it cannot openly stabilize itself because of the vi-olence and the economic bleeding that goes on by virtue of the war in the East. This is about a country that is looking westward toward democracy, toward the European Union. We should be helping countries that want to make that decision and have made that deci-sion by themselves be able to achieve their sovereign right to do so. We should be sending a clear international message about not violating the inter-national order, and we should be send-ing a clear and powerful message that when you do, there are repercussions. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
Without objection, it is so ordered. MORNING BUSINESS 
f 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, the 
Senate Appropriations Committee has adopted rules governing its procedures for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Vice Chairwoman M
IKUL-
SKI, I ask unanimous consent that a 
copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  
COMMITTEE RULES —114 THCONGRESS  
I. MEETINGS  
The Committee will meet at the call of the 
Chairman. 
II. QUORUMS  
1. Reporting a bill. A majority of the mem-
bers must be present for the reporting of a bill. 
2. Other business. For the purpose of 
transacting business other than reporting a bill or taking testimony, one-third of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
3. Taking testimony. For the purpose of 
taking testimony, other than sworn testi-mony, by the Committee or any sub-committee, one member of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum. For the purpose of taking sworn testimony by the Committee, three members shall con-stitute a quorum, and for the taking of sworn testimony by any subcommittee, one member shall constitute a quorum. 
III. PROXIES  
Except for the reporting of a bill, votes 
may be cast by proxy when any member so requests. 
IV. ATTENDANCE OF STAFF MEMBERS AT CLOSED  
SESSIONS  
Attendance of staff members at closed ses-
sions of the Committee shall be limited to those members of the Committee staff who have a responsibility associated with the matter being considered at such meeting. This rule may be waived by unanimous con-sent. 
V. BROADCASTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF  
COMMITTEE HEARINGS  
The Committee or any of its subcommit-
tees may permit the photographing and broadcast of open hearings by television and/ or radio. However, if any member of a sub-committee objects to the photographing or broadcasting of an open hearing, the ques-tion shall be referred to the full Committee for its decision. 
VI. AVAILABILITY OF SUBCOMMITTEE REPORTS  
To the extent possible, when the bill and 
report of any subcommittee are available, they shall be furnished to each member of the Committee thirty-six hours prior to the Committee’s consideration of said bill and report. 
VII. AMENDMENTS AND REPORT LANGUAGE  
To the extent possible, amendments and 
report language intended to be proposed by Senators at full Committee markups shall be provided in writing to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member and the appro-priate Subcommittee Chairman and Ranking Minority Member twenty-four hours prior to 
such markups. 
VIII. POINTS OF ORDER  
Any member of the Committee who is floor 
manager of an appropriations bill is hereby authorized to make points of order against any amendment offered in violation of the Senate Rules on the floor of the Senate to such appropriations bill. 
IX. EX OFFICIO MEMBERSHIP  
The Chairman and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber of the full Committee are ex officio mem-bers of all subcommittees of which they are not regular members but shall have no vote in the subcommittee and shall not be count-ed for purposes of determining a quorum. 
f 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON 
INTELLIGENCE 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, the Select 
Committee on Intelligence has adopted rules governing its procedures for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , I ask unani-
mous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the Committee rules. 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE OF THE SELECT 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE 
RULE1. CONVENING OF MEETINGS  
1.1. The regular meeting day of the Select 
Committee on Intelligence for the trans-action of Committee business shall be every other Tuesday of each month, unless other-wise directed by the Chairman. 
1.2. The Chairman shall have authority, 
upon notice, to call such additional meetings of the Committee as the Chairman may deem necessary and may delegate such au-thority to any other member of the Com-mittee. 
1.3. A special meeting of the Committee 
may be called at any time upon the written request of five or more members of the Com-mittee filed with the Clerk of the Com-mittee. 
1.4. In the case of any meeting of the Com-
mittee, other than a regularly scheduled meeting, the Clerk of the Committee shall notify every member of the Committee of the time and place of the meeting and shall give reasonable notice which, except in ex-traordinary circumstances, shall be at least 24 hours in advance of any meeting held in Washington, D.C. and at least 48 hours in the case of any meeting held outside Wash-ington, D.C. 
1.5. If five members of the Committee have 
made a request in writing to the Chairman to call a meeting of the Committee, and the Chairman fails to call such a meeting within seven calendar days thereafter, including the day on which the written notice is sub-mitted, these members may call a meeting by filing a written notice with the Clerk of the Committee who shall promptly notify each member of the Committee in writing of the date and time of the meeting. 
R
ULE2. M EETING PROCEDURES  
2.1. Meetings of the Committee shall be 
open to the public except as provided in paragraph 5(b) of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
2.2. It shall be the duty of the Staff Direc-
tor to keep or cause to be kept a record of all Committee proceedings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.037 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1110 February 25, 2015 
2.3. The Chairman of the Committee, or if 
the Chairman is not present the Vice Chair-man, shall preside over all meetings of the Committee. In the absence of the Chairman and the Vice Chairman at any meeting, the ranking majority member, or if no majority member is present the ranking minority member present, shall preside. 
2.4. Except as otherwise provided in these 
Rules, decisions of the Committee shall be by a majority vote of the members present and voting. A quorum for the transaction of Committee business, including the conduct of executive sessions, shall consist of no less than one third of the Committee members, except that for the purpose of hearing wit-nesses, taking sworn testimony, and receiv-ing evidence under oath, a quorum may con-sist of one Senator. 
2.5. A vote by any member of the Com-
mittee with respect to any measure or mat-ter being considered by the Committee may be cast by proxy if the proxy authorization (1) is in writing; (2) designates the member of the Committee who is to exercise the proxy; and (3) is limited to a specific measure or matter and any amendments pertaining thereto. Proxies shall not be considered for the establishment of a quorum. 
2.6. Whenever the Committee by roll call 
vote reports any measure or matter, the re-port of the Committee upon such measure or matter shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor of and the votes cast in opposition to such measure or matter by each member of the Committee. 
R
ULE3. SUBCOMMITTEES  
Creation of subcommittees shall be by ma-
jority vote of the Committee. Subcommit-tees shall deal with such legislation and oversight of programs and policies as the Committee may direct. The subcommittees shall be governed by the Rules of the Com-mittee and by such other rules they may adopt which are consistent with the Rules of the Committee. Each subcommittee created shall have a chairman and a vice chairman who are selected by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, respectively. 
R
ULE4. REPORTING OF MEASURES OR  
RECOMMENDATIONS  
4.1. No measures or recommendations shall 
be reported, favorably or unfavorably, from the Committee unless a majority of the Committee is actually present and a major-ity concur. 
4.2. In any case in which the Committee is 
unable to reach a unanimous decision, sepa-rate views or reports may be presented by any member or members of the Committee. 
4.3. A member of the Committee who gives 
notice of intention to file supplemental, mi-nority, or additional views at the time of final Committee approval of a measure or matter, shall be entitled to not less than three working days in which to file such views, in writing with the Clerk of the Com-mittee. Such views shall then be included in the Committee report and printed in the same volume, as a part thereof, and their in-clusion shall be noted on the cover of the re-port. 
4.4. Routine, non-legislative actions re-
quired of the Committee may be taken in ac-cordance with procedures that have been ap-proved by the Committee pursuant to these Committee Rules. 
R
ULE5. NOMINATIONS  
5.1. Unless otherwise ordered by the Com-
mittee, nominations referred to the Com-mittee shall be held for at least 14 days be-fore being voted on by the Committee. 
5.2. Each member of the Committee shall 
be promptly furnished a copy of all nomina-tions referred to the Committee. 
5.3. Nominees who are invited to appear be-
fore the Committee shall be heard in public session, except as provided in Rule 2.1. 5.4. No confirmation hearing shall be held 
sooner than seven days after receipt of the background and financial disclosure state-ment unless the time limit is waived by a majority vote of the Committee. 
5.5. The Committee vote on the confirma-
tion shall not be sooner than 48 hours after the Committee has received transcripts of the confirmation hearing unless the time limit is waived by unanimous consent of the Committee. 
5.6. No nomination shall be reported to the 
Senate unless the nominee has filed a back-ground and financial disclosure statement with the Committee. 
R
ULE6. INVESTIGATIONS  
No investigation shall be initiated by the 
Committee unless at least five members of the Committee have specifically requested the Chairman or the Vice Chairman to au-thorize such an investigation. Authorized in-vestigations may be conducted by members of the Committee and/or designated Com-mittee staff members. 
R
ULE7. SUBPOENAS  
Subpoenas authorized by the Committee 
for the attendance of witnesses or the pro-duction of memoranda, documents, records, or any other material may be issued by the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, or any mem-ber of the Committee designated by the Chairman, and may be served by any person designated by the Chairman, Vice Chairman or member issuing the subpoenas. Each sub-poena shall have attached thereto a copy of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress, and a copy of these rules. 
R
ULE8. PROCEDURES RELATED TO THE TAKING  
OFTESTIMONY  
8.1. N OTICE .—Witnesses required to appear 
before the Committee shall be given reason-able notice and all witnesses shall be fur-nished a copy of these Rules. 
8.2. O
ATH OR AFFIRMATION .—At the direc-
tion of the Chairman or Vice Chairman, tes-timony of witnesses shall be given under oath or affirmation which may be adminis-tered by any member of the Committee. 
8.3. I
NTERROGATION .—Committee interroga-
tion shall be conducted by members of the Committee and such Committee staff as are authorized by the Chairman, Vice Chairman, or the presiding member. 
8.4. C
OUNSEL FOR THE WITNESS .—(a) Any 
witness may be accompanied by counsel. A witness who is unable to obtain counsel may inform the Committee of such fact. If the witness informs the Committee of this fact at least 24 hours prior to his or her appear-ance before the Committee, the Committee shall then endeavor to obtain voluntary counsel for the witness. Failure to obtain such counsel will not excuse the witness from appearing and testifying. 
(b) Counsel shall conduct themselves in an 
ethical and professional manner. Failure to do so shall, upon a finding to that effect by a majority of the members present, subject such counsel to disciplinary action which may include warning, censure, removal, or a recommendation of contempt proceedings. 
(c) There shall be no direct or cross-exam-
ination by counsel. However, counsel may submit any question in writing to the Com-mittee and request the Committee to pro-pound such question to the counsel’s client or to any other witness. The counsel also may suggest the presentation of other evi-dence or the calling of other witnesses. The Committee may use or dispose of such ques-tions or suggestions as it deems appropriate. 
8.5. S
TATEMENTS BY WITNESSES .—Witnesses 
may make brief and relevant statements at the beginning and conclusion of their testi-mony. Such statements shall not exceed a reasonable period of time as determined by the Chairman, or other presiding members. 
Any witness required or desiring to make a prepared or written statement for the record of the proceedings shall file a paper and elec-tronic copy with the Clerk of the Committee, and insofar as practicable and consistent with the notice given, shall do so at least 48 hours in advance of his or her appearance be-fore the Committee. 
8.6. O
BJECTIONS AND RULINGS .—Any objec-
tion raised by a witness or counsel shall be ruled upon by the Chairman or other pre-siding member, and such ruling shall be the ruling of the Committee unless a majority of the Committee present overrules the ruling of the chair. 
8.7. I
NSPECTION AND CORRECTION .—All wit-
nesses testifying before the Committee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to inspect, in the office of the Committee, the tran-script of their testimony to determine whether such testimony was correctly tran-scribed. The witness may be accompanied by counsel. Any corrections the witness desires to make in the transcript shall be submitted in writing to the Committee within five days from the date when the transcript was made available to the witness. Corrections shall be limited to grammar and minor editing, and may not be made to change the substance of the testimony. Any questions arising with respect to such corrections shall be decided by the Chairman. Upon request, the Com-mittee may provide to a witness those parts of testimony given by that witness in execu-tive session which are subsequently quoted or made part of a public record, at the ex-pense of the witness. 
8.8. R
EQUESTS TO TESTIFY .—The Committee 
will consider requests to testify on any mat-ter or measure pending before the Com-mittee. A person who believes that testi-mony or other evidence presented at a public hearing, or any comment made by a Com-mittee member or a member of the Com-mittee staff, may tend to affect adversely that person’s reputation, may request to ap-pear personally before the Committee to tes-tify or may file a sworn statement of facts relevant to the testimony, evidence, or com-ment, or may submit to the Chairman pro-posed questions in writing for the cross-ex-amination of other witnesses. The Com-mittee shall take such action as it deems ap-propriate. 
8.9. C
ONTEMPT PROCEDURES .—No rec-
ommendation that a person be cited for con-tempt of Congress or that a subpoena be oth-erwise enforced shall be forwarded to the Senate unless and until the Committee has, upon notice to all its members, met and con-sidered the recommendation, afforded the person an opportunity to oppose such con-tempt or subpoena enforcement proceeding either in writing or in person, and agreed by majority vote of the Committee to forward such recommendation to the Senate. 
8.10. R
ELEASE OF NAME OF WITNESS .—Un-
less authorized by the Chairman, the name of any witness scheduled to be heard by the Committee shall not be released prior to, or after, appearing before the Committee. Upon authorization by the Chairman to release the name of a witness under this paragraph, the Vice Chairman shall be notified of such au-thorization as soon as practicable thereafter. No name of any witness shall be released if such release would disclose classified infor-mation, unless authorized under Section 8 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress or Rule 9.7. 
R
ULE 9. P ROCEDURES FOR HANDLING CLASSI -
FIED OR COMMITTEE SENSITIVE MATERIAL  
9.1. Committee staff offices shall operate 
under strict precautions. At least one United States Capitol Police Officer shall be on duty at all times at the entrance of the Com-mittee to control entry. Before entering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.029 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1111 February 25, 2015 
Committee office space all persons shall 
identify themselves and provide identifica-tion as requested. 
9.2. Classified documents and material 
shall be stored in authorized security con-tainers located within the Committee’s Sen-sitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF). Copying, duplicating, or removing from the Committee offices of such docu-ments and other materials is prohibited ex-cept as is necessary for the conduct of Com-mittee business, and in conformity with Rule 10.3 hereof. All classified documents or mate-rials removed from the Committee offices for 
such authorized purposes must be returned to the Committee’s SCIF for overnight stor-age. 
9.3. ‘‘Committee sensitive’’ means informa-
tion or material that pertains to the con-fidential business or proceedings of the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, within the meaning of paragraph 5 of Rule XXIX of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and is: (1) in the possession or under the control of the Committee; (2) discussed or presented in an executive session of the Committee; (3) the work product of a Committee member or staff member; (4) properly identified or marked by a Committee member or staff member who authored the document; or (5) designated as such by the Chairman and Vice Chairman (or by the Staff Director and Mi-nority Staff Director acting on their behalf). Committee sensitive documents and mate-rials that are classified shall be handled in the same manner as classified documents and material in Rule 9.2. Unclassified com-mittee sensitive documents and materials shall be stored in a manner to protect against unauthorized disclosure. 
9.4. Each member of the Committee shall 
at all times have access to all papers and other material received from any source. The Staff Director shall be responsible for the maintenance, under appropriate security procedures, of a document control and ac-countability registry which will number and identify all classified papers and other clas-sified materials in the possession of the Committee, and such registry shall be avail-able to any member of the Committee. 
9.5. Whenever the Select Committee on In-
telligence makes classified material avail-able to any other committee of the Senate or to any member of the Senate not a member of the Committee, such material shall be ac-companied by a verbal or written notice to the recipients advising of their responsi-bility to protect such materials pursuant to section 8 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress. The Security Director of the Committee shall ensure that such notice is provided and shall maintain a written record identifying the particular information transmitted and the committee or members of the Senate re-ceiving such information. 
9.6. Access to classified information sup-
plied to the Committee shall be limited to those Committee staff members with appro-priate security clearance and a need-to- know, as determined by the Committee, and, under the Committee’s direction, the Staff Director and Minority Staff Director. 
9.7. No member of the Committee or of the 
Committee staff shall disclose, in whole or in part or by way of summary, the contents of any classified or committee sensitive papers, materials, briefings, testimony, or other in-formation in the possession of the Com-mittee to any other person, except as speci-fied in this rule. Committee members and staff do not need prior approval to disclose classified or committee sensitive informa-tion to persons in the Executive branch, the members and staff of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the members and staff of the Senate, provided that the following conditions are met: (1) for classified information, the recipients of the 
information must possess appropriate secu-rity clearances (or have access to the infor-mation by virtue of their office); (2) for all information, the recipients of the informa-tion must have a need-to-know such infor-mation for an official governmental purpose; and (3) for all information, the Committee members and staff who provide the informa-tion must be engaged in the routine perform-ance of Committee legislative or oversight duties. Otherwise, classified and committee sensitive information may only be disclosed to persons outside the Committee (to include any congressional committee, Member of Congress, congressional staff, or specified non-governmental persons who support intel-ligence activities) with the prior approval of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Committee, or the Staff Director and Minor-ity Staff Director acting on their behalf, consistent with the requirements that classi-fied information may only be disclosed to persons with appropriate security clearances and a need-to-know such information for an official governmental purpose. Public disclo-sure of classified information in the posses-sion of the Committee may only be author-ized in accordance with Section 8 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress. 
9.8. Failure to abide by Rule 9.7 shall con-
stitute grounds for referral to the Select Committee on Ethics pursuant to Section 8 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress. Prior to a referral to the Select Committee on Ethics pursuant to Section 8 of S. Res. 400, the Chairman and Vice Chairman shall notify the Majority Leader and Minority Leader. 
9.9. Before the Committee makes any deci-
sion regarding the disposition of any testi-mony, papers, or other materials presented to it, the Committee members shall have a reasonable opportunity to examine all perti-nent testimony, papers, and other materials that have been obtained by the members of the Committee or the Committee staff. 
9.10. Attendance of persons outside the 
Committee at closed meetings of the Com-mittee shall be kept at a minimum and shall be limited to persons with appropriate secu-rity clearance and a need-to-know the infor-mation under consideration for the execu-tion of their official duties. The Security Di-rector of the Committee may require that notes taken at such meetings by any person in attendance shall be returned to the secure storage area in the Committee’s offices at the conclusion of such meetings, and may be made available to the department, agency, office, committee, or entity concerned only in accordance with the security procedures of the Committee. 
R
ULE10. S TAFF  
10.1. For purposes of these rules, Com-
mittee staff includes employees of the Com-mittee, consultants to the Committee, or any other person engaged by contract or oth-erwise to perform services for or at the re-quest of the Committee. To the maximum extent practicable, the Committee shall rely on its full-time employees to perform all staff functions. No individual may be re-tained as staff of the Committee or to per-form services for the Committee unless that individual holds appropriate security clear-ances. 
10.2. The appointment of Committee staff 
shall be approved by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, or, at the initia-tive of both or either be confirmed by a ma-jority vote of the Committee. After approval or confirmation, the Chairman shall certify Committee staff appointments to the Finan-cial Clerk of the Senate in writing. No Com-mittee staff shall be given access to any classified information or regular access to the Committee offices until such Committee staff has received an appropriate security 
clearance as described in Section 6 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress. 
10.3. The Committee staff works for the 
Committee as a whole, under the supervision of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the 
Committee. The duties of the Committee staff shall be performed, and Committee staff personnel affairs and day-to-day oper-ations, including security and control of classified documents and material, shall be administered under the direct supervision and control of the Staff Director. All Com-mittee staff shall work exclusively on intel-ligence oversight issues for the Committee. The Minority Staff Director and the Minor-ity Counsel shall be kept fully informed re-garding all matters and shall have access to all material in the files of the Committee. 
10.4. The Committee staff shall assist the 
minority as fully as the majority in the ex-pression of minority views, including assist-ance in the preparation and filing of addi-tional, separate, and minority views, to the end that all points of view may be fully con-sidered by the Committee and the Senate. 
10.5. The members of the Committee staff 
shall not discuss either the substance or pro-cedure of the work of the Committee with any person not a member of the Committee or the Committee staff for any purpose or in connection with any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, either during their tenure as a member of the Committee staff or at any time thereafter, except as directed by the Committee in accordance with Section 8 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress and the pro-visions of these rules, or in the event of the termination of the Committee, in such a manner as may be determined by the Senate. The Chairman may authorize the Staff Di-rector and the Staff Director’s designee, and the Vice Chairman may authorize the Minor-ity Staff Director and the Minority Staff Di-rector’s designee, to communicate with the media in a manner that does not divulge classified or committee sensitive informa-tion. 
10.6. No member of the Committee staff 
shall be employed by the Committee unless and until such a member of the Committee staff agrees in writing, as a condition of em-ployment, to abide by the conditions of the nondisclosure agreement promulgated by the Select Committee on Intelligence, pursuant to Section 6 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Con-gress, and to abide by the Committee’s code of conduct. 
10.7. As a precondition for employment on 
the Committee staff, each member of the Committee staff must agree in writing to no-tify the Committee of any request for testi-mony, either during service as a member of the Committee staff or at any time there-after with respect to information obtained by virtue of employment as a member of the Committee staff. Such information shall not be disclosed in response to such requests ex-cept as directed by the Committee in accord-ance with Section 8 of S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress and the provisions of these rules or, in the event of the termination of the Com-mittee, in such manner as may be deter-mined by the Senate. 
10.8. The Committee shall immediately 
consider action to be taken in the case of any member of the Committee staff who fails to conform to any of these Rules. Such dis-ciplinary action may include, but shall not be limited to, immediate dismissal from the Committee staff. 
10.9. Within the Committee staff shall be 
an element with the capability to perform audits of programs and activities undertaken by departments and agencies with intel-ligence functions. The audit element shall conduct audits and oversight projects that have been specifically authorized by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.030 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1112 February 25, 2015 
Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Com-
mittee, acting jointly through the Staff Di-rector and Minority Staff Director. Staff shall be assigned to such element jointly by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, and staff 
with the principal responsibility for the con-duct of an audit shall be qualified by train-ing or experience in accordance with accept-ed auditing standards. 
10.10. The workplace of the Committee 
shall be free from illegal use, possession, sale, or distribution of controlled substances by its employees. Any violation of such pol-icy by any member of the Committee staff shall be grounds for termination of employ-ment. Further, any illegal use of controlled substances by a member of the Committee staff, within the workplace or otherwise, shall result in reconsideration of the secu-rity clearance of any such staff member and may constitute grounds for termination of employment with the Committee. 
10.11. All personnel actions affecting the 
staff of the Committee shall be made free from any discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, handicap, or disability. 
R
ULE11. P REPARATION FOR COMMITTEE  
MEETINGS  
11.1. Under direction of the Chairman and 
the Vice Chairman designated Committee staff members shall brief members of the Committee at a time sufficiently prior to any Committee meeting to assist the Com-mittee members in preparation for such meeting and to determine any matter which the Committee member might wish consid-ered during the meeting. Such briefing shall, at the request of a member, include a list of all pertinent papers and other materials that have been obtained by the Committee that bear on matters to be considered at the meeting. 
11.2. The Staff Director and/or Minority 
Staff Director shall recommend to the Chair-man and the Vice Chairman the testimony, papers, and other materials to be presented to the Committee at any meeting. The deter-mination whether such testimony, papers, and other materials shall be presented in open or executive session shall be made pur-suant to the Rules of the Senate and Rules of the Committee. 
11.3. The Staff Director shall ensure that 
covert action programs of the U.S. Govern-ment receive appropriate consideration by the Committee no less frequently than once a quarter. 
R
ULE12. L EGISLATIVE CALENDAR  
12.1. The Clerk of the Committee shall 
maintain a printed calendar for the informa-tion of each Committee member showing the measures introduced and referred to the Committee and the status of such measures; nominations referred to the Committee and their status; and such other matters as the Committee determines shall be included. The Calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. A copy of each such revision shall be furnished to each member of the Committee. 
12.2. Measures referred to the Committee 
may be referred by the Chairman and/or Vice Chairman to the appropriate department or agency of the Government for reports there-on. 
R
ULE13. C OMMITTEE TRAVEL  
13.1. No member of the Committee or Com-
mittee Staff shall travel abroad on Com-mittee business unless specifically author-ized by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. Requests for authorization of such travel shall state the purpose and extent of the trip. A full report shall be filed with the Committee when travel is completed. 
13.2. No member of the Committee staff 
shall travel within this country on Com-mittee business unless specifically author-
ized by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. 
R
ULE14. C HANGES IN RULES  
These Rules may be modified, amended, or 
repealed by the Committee, provided that a notice in writing of the proposed change has been given to each member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken. 
APPENDIX A 
S. Res. 400, 94th Cong., 2d Sess. (1976)
1 
Resolved , That it is the purpose of this res-
olution to establish a new select committee of the Senate, to be known as the Select Committee on Intelligence, to oversee and make continuing studies of the intelligence activities and programs of the United States Government, and to submit to the Senate ap-propriate proposals for legislation and report to the Senate concerning such intelligence activities and programs. In carrying out this purpose, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence shall make every effort to assure that the appropriate departments and agen-cies of the United States provide informed and timely intelligence necessary for the ex-ecutive and legislative branches to make sound decisions affecting the security and vital interests of the Nation. It is further the purpose of this resolution to provide vigilant legislative oversight over the intelligence activities of the United States to assure that such activities are in conformity with the Constitution and laws of the United States. 
S
EC. 2. (a)(1) There is hereby established a 
select committee to be known as the Select Committee on Intelligence (hereinafter in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘select committee’’). The select committee shall be composed of not to exceed fifteen Members appointed as follows: 
(A) two members from the Committee on 
Appropriations; 
(B) two members from the Committee on 
Armed Services; 
(C) two members from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations; 
(D) two members from the Committee on 
the Judiciary; and 
(E) not to exceed seven members to be ap-
pointed from the Senate at large. 
(2) Members appointed from each com-
mittee named in clauses (A) through (D) of paragraph (1) shall be evenly divided between the two major political parties and shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate upon the recommendations of the majority and minority leaders of the Senate. Of any members appointed under paragraph (1)(E), the majority leader shall appoint the majority members and the minority leader shall appoint the minority members, with the majority having a one vote margin. 
(3)(A) The majority leader of the Senate 
and the minority leader of the Senate shall be ex officio members of the select com-mittee but shall have no vote in the Com-mittee and shall not be counted for purposes of determining a quorum. 
(B) The Chairman and Ranking Member of 
the Committee on Armed Services (if not al-ready a member of the select Committee) shall be ex officio members of the select Committee but shall have no vote in the Committee and shall not be counted for pur-poses of determining a quorum. 
(b) At the beginning of each Congress, the 
Majority Leader of the Senate shall select a chairman of the select Committee and the Minority Leader shall select a vice chairman for the select Committee. The vice chairman shall act in the place and stead of the chair-man in the absence of the chairman. Neither the chairman nor the vice chairman of the select committee shall at the same time serve as chairman or ranking minority mem-ber of any other committee referred to in 
paragraph 4(e)(1) of rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
(c) The select Committee may be organized 
into subcommittees. Each subcommittee shall have a chairman and a vice chairman who are selected by the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the select Committee, respec-tively. 
S
EC. 3. (a) There shall be referred to the se-
lect committee all proposed legislation, mes-sages, petitions, memorials, and other mat-ters relating to the following: 
(1) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence and the Director of National In-telligence. 
(2) The Central Intelligence Agency and 
the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
(3) Intelligence activities of all other de-
partments and agencies of the Government, including, but not limited to, the intel-ligence activities of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, and other agencies of the Department of Defense; the Department of State; the Department of Justice; and the Department of the Treas-ury. 
(4) The organization or reorganization of 
any department or agency of the Govern-ment to the extent that the organization or reorganization relates to a function or activ-ity involving intelligence activities. 
(5) Authorizations for appropriations, both 
direct and indirect, for the following: 
(A) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence and the Director of National In-telligence. 
(B) The Central Intelligence Agency and 
the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
(C) The Defense Intelligence Agency. (D) The National Security Agency. (E) The intelligence activities of other 
agencies and subdivisions of the Department of Defense. 
(F) The intelligence activities of the De-
partment of State. 
(G) The intelligence activities of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation. 
(H) Any department, agency, or subdivi-
sion which is the successor to any agency named in clause (A), (B), (C) or (D); and the activities of any department, agency, or sub-division which is the successor to any de-partment, agency, bureau, or subdivision named in clause (E), (F), or (G) to the extent that the activities of such successor depart-ment, agency, or subdivision are activities described in clause (E), (F), or (G). 
(b)(1) Any proposed legislation reported by 
the select Committee except any legislation involving matters specified in clause (1), (2), (5)(A), or (5)(B) of subsection (a), containing any matter otherwise within the jurisdiction of any standing committee shall, at the re-quest of the chairman of such standing com-mittee, be referred to such standing com-mittee for its consideration of such matter and be reported to the Senate by such stand-ing committee within 10 days after the day on which such proposed legislation, in its en-tirety and including annexes, is referred to such standing committee; and any proposed legislation reported by any committee, other than the select Committee, which contains any matter within the jurisdiction of the se-lect Committee shall, at the request of the chairman of the select Committee, be re-ferred to the select Committee for its consid-eration of such matter and be reported to the Senate by the select Committee within 10 days after the day on which such proposed legislation, in its entirety and including an-nexes, is referred to such committee. 
(2) In any case in which a committee fails 
to report any proposed legislation referred to it within the time limit prescribed in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.031 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1113 February 25, 2015 
subsection, such Committee shall be auto-
matically discharged from further consider-ation of such proposed legislation on the 10th day following the day on which such pro-posed legislation is referred to such com-
mittee unless the Senate provides otherwise, or the Majority Leader or Minority Leader request, prior to that date, an additional 5 days on behalf of the Committee to which the proposed legislation was sequentially re-ferred. At the end of that additional 5 day period, if the Committee fails to report the proposed legislation within that 5 day pe-riod, the Committee shall be automatically discharged from further consideration of such proposed legislation unless the Senate provides otherwise. 
(3) In computing any 10 or 5 day period 
under this subsection there shall be excluded from such computation any days on which the Senate is not in session. 
(4) The reporting and referral processes 
outlined in this subsection shall be con-ducted in strict accordance with the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate. In accordance with such rules, committees to which legislation is referred are not permitted to make changes or alterations to the text of the re-ferred bill and its annexes, but may propose changes or alterations to the same in the form of amendments. 
(c) Nothing in this resolution shall be con-
strued as prohibiting or otherwise restrict-ing the authority of any other committee to study and review any intelligence activity to the extent that such activity directly affects a matter otherwise within the jurisdiction of such committee. 
(d) Nothing in this resolution shall be con-
strued as amending, limiting, or otherwise changing the authority of any standing com-mittee of the Senate to obtain full and prompt access to the product of the intel-ligence activities of any department or agen-cy of the Government relevant to a matter otherwise within the jurisdiction of such committee. 
S
EC. 4. (a) The select committee, for the 
purposes of accountability to the Senate, shall make regular and periodic, but not less than quarterly, reports to the Senate on the nature and extent of the intelligence activi-ties of the various departments and agencies of the United States. Such committee shall promptly call to the attention of the Senate or to any other appropriate committee or committees of the Senate any matters re-quiring the attention of the Senate or such other committee or committees. In making such report, the select committee shall pro-ceed in a manner consistent with section 8(c)(2) to protect national security. 
(b) The select committee shall obtain an 
annual report from the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the Central In-telligence Agency, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Such reports shall review the intelligence activi-ties of the agency or department concerned and the intelligence activities of foreign countries directed at the United States or its interest. An unclassified version of each re-port may be made available to the public at the discretion of the select committee. Noth-ing herein shall be construed as requiring the public disclosure in such reports of the names of individuals engaged in intelligence activities for the United States or the di-vulging of intelligence methods employed or the sources of information on which such re-ports are based or the amount of funds au-thorized to be appropriated for intelligence activities. 
(c) On or before March 15 of each year, the 
select committee shall submit to the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate the views and estimates described in section 301(c) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 regard-
ing matters within the jurisdiction of the se-lect committee. 
S
EC. 5. (a) For the purposes of this resolu-
tion, the select committee is authorized in its discretion (1) to make investigations into any matter within its jurisdiction, (2) to make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate, (3) to employ personnel, (4) to hold hearings, (5) to sit and act at any time or place during the sessions, recesses, and adjourned periods of the Senate, (6) to re-quire, by subpoena or otherwise, the attend-ance of witnesses and the production of cor-respondence, books, papers, and documents, (7) to take depositions and other testimony, 
(8) to procure the service of individual con-sultants or organizations thereof, in accord-ance with the provisions of section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, and (9) with the prior consent of the govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, to use on a reimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
(b) The chairman of the select committee 
or any member thereof may administer oaths to witnesses. 
(c) Subpoenas authorized by the select 
committee may be issued over the signature of the chairman, the vice chairman or any member of the select committee designated by the chairman, and may be served by any person designated by the chairman or any member signing the subpoenas. 
S
EC. 6. No employee of the select com-
mittee or any person engaged by contract or otherwise to perform services for or at the request of such committee shall be given ac-cess to any classified information by such committee unless such employee or person has (1) agreed in writing and under oath to be bound by the rules of the Senate (includ-ing the jurisdiction of the Select Committee on Ethics) and of such committee as to the security of such information during and after the period of his employment or con-tractual agreement with such committee; and (2) received an appropriate security clearance as determined by such committee in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence. The type of security clearance to be required in the case of any such em-ployee or person shall, within the determina-tion of such committee in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, be commensurate with the sensitivity of the classified information to which such em-ployee or person will be given access by such committee. 
S
EC. 7. The select committee shall formu-
late and carry out such rules and procedures as it deems necessary to prevent the disclo-sure, without the consent of the person or persons concerned, of information in the pos-session of such committee which unduly in-fringes upon the privacy or which violates the constitutional rights of such person or persons. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent such committee from publicly dis-closing any such information in any case in which such committee determines the na-tional interest in the disclosure of such in-formation clearly outweighs any infringe-ment on the privacy of any person or per-sons. 
S
EC. 8. (a) The select committee may, sub-
ject to the provisions of this section, disclose publicly any information in the possession of such committee after a determination by such committee that the public interest would be served by such disclosure. When-ever committee action is required to disclose any information under this section, the com-mittee shall meet to vote on the matter within five days after any member of the committee requests such a vote. No member of the select committee shall disclose any in-formation, the disclosure of which requires a 
committee vote, prior to a vote by the com-mittee on the question of the disclosure of such information or after such vote except in accordance with this section. 
(b)(1) In any case in which the select com-
mittee votes to disclose publicly any infor-mation which has been classified under es-tablished security procedures, which has been submitted to it by the Executive branch, and which the Executive branch re-quests be kept secret, such committee shall— 
(A) first, notify the Majority Leader and 
Minority Leader of the Senate of such vote; and 
(B) second, consult with the Majority 
Leader and Minority Leader before notifying the President of such vote. 
(2) The select committee may disclose pub-
licly such information after the expiration of a five-day period following the day on which notice of such vote is transmitted to the Ma-jority Leader and the Minority Leader and the President, unless, prior to the expiration of such five-day period, the President, per-sonally in writing, notifies the committee that he objects to the disclosure of such in-formation, provides his reasons therefore, and certifies that the threat to the national interest of the United States posed by such disclosure is of such gravity that it out-weighs any public interest in the disclosure. 
(3) If the President, personally, in writing, 
notifies the Majority Leader and Minority Leader of the Senate and the select Com-mittee of his objections to the disclosure of such information as provided in paragraph (2), the Majority Leader and Minority Leader jointly or the select Committee, by majority vote, may refer the question of the disclo-sure of such information to the Senate for consideration. 
(4) Whenever the select committee votes to 
refer the question of disclosure of any infor-mation to the Senate under paragraph (3), the Chairman shall not later than the first day on which the Senate is in session fol-lowing the day on which the vote occurs, re-port the matter to the Senate for its consid-eration. 
(5) One hour after the Senate convenes on 
the fourth day on which the Senate is in ses-sion following the day on which any such matter is reported to the Senate, or at such earlier time as the majority leader and the minority leader of the Senate jointly agree upon in accordance with paragraph 5 of rule XVII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the Senate shall go into closed session and the matter shall be the pending business. In considering the matter in closed session the Senate may— 
(A) approve the public disclosure of all or 
any portion of the information in question, in which case the committee shall publicly disclose the information ordered to be dis-closed, 
(B) disapprove the public disclosure of all 
or any portion of the information in ques-tion, in which case the committee shall not publicly disclose the information ordered not to be disclosed, or 
(C) refer all or any portion of the matter 
back to the committee, in which case the committee shall make the final determina-tion with respect to the public disclosure of the information in question. 
Upon conclusion of the consideration of 
such matter in closed session, which may not extend beyond the close of the ninth day on which the Senate is in session following the day on which such matter was reported to the Senate, or the close of the fifth day fol-lowing the day agreed upon jointly by the majority and minority leaders in accordance with paragraph 5 of rule XVII of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate (whichever the case 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.032 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1114 February 25, 2015 
may be), the Senate shall immediately vote 
on the disposition of such matter in open session, without debate, and without divulg-ing the information with respect to which the vote is being taken. The Senate shall 
vote to dispose of such matter by one or more of the means specified in clauses (A), (B), and (C) of the second sentence of this paragraph. Any vote of the Senate to dis-close any information pursuant to this para-graph shall be subject to the right of a Mem-ber of the Senate to move for reconsider-ation of the vote within the time and pursu-ant to the procedures specified in rule XIII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and the disclosure of such information shall be made consistent with that right. 
(c)(1) No information in the possession of 
the select committee relating to the lawful intelligence activities of any department or agency of the United States which has been classified under established security proce-dures and which the select committee, pur-suant to subsection (a) or (b) of this section, has determined should not be disclosed shall be made available to any person by a Mem-ber, officer, or employee of the Senate except in a closed session of the Senate or as pro-vided in paragraph (2). 
(2) The select committee may, under such 
regulations as the committee shall prescribe to protect the confidentiality of such infor-mation, make any information described in paragraph (1) available to any other com-mittee or any other Member of the Senate. Whenever the select committee makes such information available, the committee shall keep a written record showing, in the case of any particular information, which com-mittee or which Members of the Senate re-ceived such information. No Member of the Senate who, and no committee which, re-ceives any information under this sub-section, shall disclose such information ex-cept in a closed session of the Senate. 
(d) It shall be the duty of the Select Com-
mittee on Ethics to investigate any unau-thorized disclosure of intelligence informa-tion by a Member, officer or employee of the Senate in violation of subsection (c) and to report to the Senate concerning any allega-tion which it finds to be substantiated. 
(e) Upon the request of any person who is 
subject to any such investigation, the Select Committee on Ethics shall release to such individual at the conclusion of its investiga-tion a summary of its investigation together with its findings. If, at the conclusion of its investigation, the Select Committee on Eth-ics determines that there has been a signifi-cant breach of confidentiality or unauthor-ized disclosure by a Member, officer, or em-ployee of the Senate, it shall report its find-ings to the Senate and recommend appro-priate action such as censure, removal from committee membership, or expulsion from the Senate, in the case of a Member, or re-moval from office or employment or punish-ment for contempt, in the case of an officer or employee. 
S
EC. 9. The select committee is authorized 
to permit any personal representative of the President, designated by the President to serve as a liaison to such committee, to at-tend any closed meeting of such committee. 
S
EC. 10. Upon expiration of the Select Com-
mittee on Governmental Operations With Respect to Intelligence Activities, estab-lished by Senate Resolution 21, Ninety- fourth Congress, all records, files, docu-ments, and other materials in the possession, custody, or control of such committee, under appropriate conditions established by it, shall be transferred to the select committee. 
S
EC. 11. (a) It is the sense of the Senate 
that the head of each department and agency of the United States should keep the select committee fully and currently informed with respect to intelligence activities, including 
any significant anticipated activities, which are the responsibility of or engaged in by such department or agency: Provided, That 
this does not constitute a condition prece-dent to the implementation of any such an-ticipated intelligence activity. 
(b) It is the sense of the Senate that the 
head of any department or agency of the United States involved in any intelligence activities should furnish any information or document in the possession, custody, or con-trol of the department or agency, or person paid by such department or agency, when-ever requested by the select committee with respect to any matter within such commit-tee’s jurisdiction. 
(c) It is the sense of the Senate that each 
department and agency of the United States should report immediately upon discovery to the select committee any and all intel-ligence activities which constitute viola-tions of the constitutional rights of any per-son, violations of law, or violations of Execu-tive orders, Presidential directives, or de-partmental or agency rules or regulations; 
each department and agency should further report to such committee what actions have been taken or are expected to be taken by the departments or agencies with respect to such violations. 
S
EC. 12. Subject to the Standing Rules of 
the Senate, no funds shall be appropriated for any fiscal year beginning after Sep-tember 30, 1976, with the exception of a con-tinuing bill or resolution, or amendment thereto, or conference report thereon, to, or for use of, any department or agency of the United States to carry out any of the fol-lowing activities, unless such funds shall have been previously authorized by a bill or joint resolution passed by the Senate during the same or preceding fiscal year to carry out such activity for such fiscal year: 
(1) The activities of the Office of the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence and the Director of National Intelligence. 
(2) The activities of the Central Intel-
ligence Agency and the Director of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency. 
(3) The activities of the Defense Intel-
ligence Agency. 
(4) The activities of the National Security 
Agency. 
(5) The intelligence activities of other 
agencies and subdivisions of the Department of Defense. 
(6) The intelligence activities of the De-
partment of State. 
(7) The intelligence activities of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation. 
S
EC. 13. (a) The select committee shall 
make a study with respect to the following matters, taking into consideration with re-spect to each such matter, all relevant as-pects of the effectiveness of planning, gath-ering, use, security, and dissemination of in-telligence: 
(1) the quality of the analytical capabili-
ties of United States foreign intelligence agencies and means for integrating more closely analytical intelligence and policy formulation; 
(2) the extent and nature of the authority 
of the departments and agencies of the Exec-utive branch to engage in intelligence activi-ties and the desirability of developing char-ters for each intelligence agency or depart-ment; 
(3) the organization of intelligence activi-
ties in the Executive branch to maximize the effectiveness of the conduct, oversight, and accountability of intelligence activities; to reduce duplication or overlap; and to im-prove the morale of the personnel of the for-eign intelligence agencies; 
(4) the conduct of covert and clandestine 
activities and the procedures by which Con-gress is informed of such activities; (5) the desirability of changing any law, 
Senate rule or procedure, or any Executive order, rule, or regulation to improve the pro-tection of intelligence secrets and provide for disclosure of information for which there is no compelling reason for secrecy; 
(6) the desirability of establishing a stand-
ing committee of the Senate on intelligence activities; 
(7) the desirability of establishing a joint 
committee of the Senate and the House of Representatives on intelligence activities in lieu of having separate committees in each House of Congress, or of establishing proce-dures under which separate committees on intelligence activities of the two Houses of Congress would receive joint briefings from the intelligence agencies and coordinate their policies with respect to the safe-guarding of sensitive intelligence informa-tion; 
(8) the authorization of funds for the intel-
ligence activities of the Government and whether disclosure of any of the amounts of such funds is in the public interest; and 
(9) the development of a uniform set of 
definitions for terms to be used in policies or guidelines which may be adopted by the ex-ecutive or legislative branches to govern, clarify, and strengthen the operation of in-telligence activities. 
(b) The select committee may, in its dis-
cretion, omit from the special study required by this section any matter it determines has been adequately studied by the Select Com-mittee To Study Governmental Operations With Respect to Intelligence Activities, es-tablished by Senate Resolution 21, Ninety- fourth Congress. 
(c) The select committee shall report the 
results of the study provided for by this sec-tion to the Senate, together with any rec-ommendations for legislative or other ac-tions it deems appropriate, no later than July 1, 1977, and from time to time there-after as it deems appropriate. 
S
EC. 14. (a) As used in this resolution, the 
term ‘‘intelligence activities’’ includes (1) the collection, analysis, production, dissemi-nation, or use of information which relates to any foreign country, or any government, political group, party, military force, move-ment, or other association in such foreign country, and which relates to the defense, foreign policy, national security, or related policies of the United States, and other ac-tivity which is in support of such activities; (2) activities taken to counter similar activi-ties directed against the United States; (3) covert or clandestine activities affecting the relations of the United States with any for-eign government, political group, party, military force, movement or other associa-tion; (4) the collection, analysis, production, dissemination, or use of information about activities of persons within the United States, its territories and possessions, or na-tionals of the United States abroad whose political and related activities pose, or may be considered by any department, agency, bureau, office, division, instrumentality, or employee of the United States to pose, a threat to the internal security of the United States, and covert or clandestine activities directed against such persons. Such term does not include tactical foreign military in-telligence serving no national policymaking function. 
(b) As used in this resolution, the term 
‘‘department or agency’’ includes any orga-nization, committee, council, establishment, or office within the Federal Government. 
(c) For purposes of this resolution, ref-
erence to any department, agency, bureau, or subdivision shall include a reference to any successor department, agency, bureau, or subdivision to the extent that such suc-cessor engages in intelligence activities now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.033 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1115 February 25, 2015 
conducted by the department, agency, bu-
reau, or subdivision referred to in this reso-lution. 
S
EC. 15. (a) In addition to other committee 
staff selected by the select Committee, the select Committee shall hire or appoint one employee for each member of the select Committee to serve as such Member’s des-ignated representative on the select Com-mittee. The select Committee shall only hire or appoint an employee chosen by the respec-tive Member of the select Committee for whom the employee will serve as the des-ignated representative on the select Com-mittee. 
(b) The select Committee shall be afforded 
a supplement to its budget, to be determined by the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion, to allow for the hire of each employee who fills the position of designated rep-resentative to the select Committee. The designated representative shall have office space and appropriate office equipment in the select Committee spaces. Designated per-sonal representatives shall have the same ac-cess to Committee staff, information, records, and databases as select Committee staff, as determined by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. 
(c) The designated employee shall meet all 
the requirements of relevant statutes, Sen-ate rules, and committee security clearance requirements for employment by the select Committee. 
(d) Of the funds made available to the se-
lect Committee for personnel— 
(1) not more than 60 percent shall be under 
the control of the Chairman; and 
(2) not less than 40 percent shall be under 
the control of the Vice Chairman. 
S
EC. 16. Nothing in this resolution shall be 
construed as constituting acquiescence by the Senate in any practice, or in the conduct of any activity, not otherwise authorized by law. 
S
EC. 17. (a)(1) Except as provided in sub-
sections (b) and (c), the Select Committee shall have jurisdiction to review, hold hear-ings, and report the nominations of civilian individuals for positions in the intelligence community for which appointments are made by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) Except as provided in subsections (b) 
and (c), other committees with jurisdiction over the department or agency of the Execu-tive Branch which contain a position re-ferred to in paragraph (1) may hold hearings and interviews with individuals nominated for such position, but only the Select Com-mittee shall report such nomination. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘intel-
ligence community’ means an element of the intelligence community specified in or des-ignated under section 3(4) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
‘‘(b)(1) With respect to the confirmation of 
the Assistant Attorney General for National Security, or any successor position, the nom-ination of any individual by the President to serve in such position shall be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary and, if and when reported, to the Select Committee for not to exceed 20 calendar days, except that in cases when the 20-day period expires while the Senate is in recess, the Select Committee shall have 5 additional calendar days after the Senate reconvenes to report the nomina-tion. 
‘‘(2) If, upon the expiration of the period 
described in paragraph (1), the Select Com-mittee has not reported the nomination, such nomination shall be automatically dis-charged from the Select Committee and placed on the Executive Calendar. 
‘‘(c)(1) With respect to the confirmation of 
appointment to the position of Director of the National Security Agency, Inspector General of the National Security Agency, Di-
rector of the National Reconnaissance Of-fice, or Inspector General of the National Re-connaissance Office, or any successor posi-tion to such a position, the nomination of any individual by the President to serve in such position, who at the time of the nomi-nation is a member of the Armed Forces on active duty, shall be referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services and, if and when reported, to the Select Committee for not to exceed 30 calendar days, except that in cases when the 30-day period expires while the Senate is in recess, the Select Committee shall have 5 additional calendar days after the Senate reconvenes to report the nomina-tion. 
‘‘(2) With respect to the confirmation of 
appointment to the position of Director of the National Security Agency, Inspector General of the National Security Agency, Di-rector of the National Reconnaissance Of-fice, or Inspector General or the National Reconnaissance Office, or any successor posi-tion to such a position, the nomination of any individual by the President to serve in such position, who at the time of the nomi-nation is not a member of the Armed Forces on active duty, shall be referred to the Se-lect Committee and, if and when reported, to the Committee on Armed Services for not to exceed 30 calendar days, except that in cases when the 30-day period expires while the Senate is in recess, the Committee on Armed Services shall have an additional 5 calendar days after the Senate reconvenes to report the nomination. 
‘‘(3) If, upon the expiration of the period of 
sequential referral described in paragraphs (1) and (2), the committee to which the nomi-nation was sequentially referred has not re-ported the nomination, the nomination shall be automatically discharged from that com-mittee and placed on the Executive Cal-endar.’’. 
APPENDIX B 
INTELLIGENCE PROVISIONS IN S. RES. 
445, 108TH CONG., 2D SESS. (2004) WHICH WERE NOT INCORPORATED IN S. RES. 400, 94TH CONG., 2D SESS. (1976) 
TITLE III—COMMITTEE STATUS 
****  
S
EC. 301(b) I NTELLIGENCE .—The Select 
Committee on Intelligence shall be treated as a committee listed under paragraph 2 of rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate for purposes of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
TITLE IV—INTELLIGENCE-RELATED 
SUBCOMMITTEES 
S
EC. 401. S UBCOMMITTEE RELATED TO INTEL -
LIGENCE OVERSIGHT . 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Select Committee on Intelligence a Subcommittee on Oversight which shall be in addition to any other subcommittee es-tablished by the select Committee. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY .—The Subcommittee on 
Oversight shall be responsible for ongoing oversight of intelligence activities. 
S
EC. 402. S UBCOMMITTEE RELATED TO INTEL -
LIGENCE APPROPRIATIONS . 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Committee on Appropriations a Sub-committee on Intelligence. The Committee on Appropriations shall reorganize into 13 subcommittees as soon as possible after the convening of the 109th Congress. 
(b) J
URISDICTION .—The Subcommittee on 
Intelligence of the Committee on Appropria-tions shall have jurisdiction over funding for intelligence matters, as determined by the Senate Committee on Appropriations. APPENDIX C 
RULE 26.5(b) OF THE STANDING RULES 
OF THE SENATE (REFERRED TO IN COMMITTEE RULE 2.1) 
Each meeting of a committee, or any sub-
committee thereof, including meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or series of meetings by a committee or a subcommittee thereof on the same subject for a period of no more than fourteen calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only wheth-er the matters enumerated in clauses (1) through (6) would require the meeting to be closed, followed immediately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the members of the committee or subcommittee when it is determined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or meetings— 
(1) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; 
(2) will relate solely to matters of com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
(3) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; 
(4) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; 
(5) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets of financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— 
(A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or 
(B) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or 
(6) may divulge matters required to be 
kept confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. 
ENDNOTES  
1As amended by S. Res. 4, 95th Cong., 1st 
Sess. (1977), S. Res. 445, 108th Cong., 2d Sess. (2004), Pub. L. No. 109–177, §506, 120 Stat. 247 (2005), and S. Res. 50, 110th Cong., 1st Sess. (2007), S. Res. 470, 113th Cong., 2d Sess. (2014). 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
90TH ANNIVERSARY OF VFW POST 
1322 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the oldest Veterans of Foreign War post in Arkansas. VFW Post No. 1322 in Van Buren, AR is celebrating its 90th anniversary. 
Founded February 13, 1925, the post 
was named in honor of Robert W. Jack—the first casualty of World War I from Crawford County. Robert Jack was 23-years-old when he was killed by shrapnel on September 22, 1918, in the fourth day of the famous allied drive of St. Mihiel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.034 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1116 February 25, 2015 
As a member on the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs, I understand the im-portance of acknowledging the bravery and valor of the young men and women who fought in defense of our country. Men like Robert Jack, and members of VFW Post 1322, set their personal lives aside to fight for our country. This post recognizes their service, sacrifice and courage. 
Members are dedicated to improving 
the community and the lives of its members; offering scholarships to stu-dents, teaching flag etiquette to class-es, providing local transportation for veterans and hosting community events. 
As the Robert Jack VFW Post 1322 
proudly celebrates its 90th anniversary, the building is also celebrating the 65th anniversary of its groundbreaking. In recent years, the building was in des-perate need of maintenance. Members banded together and worked with local organizations and businesses to provide funds for extensive repairs. This is a true testament to the importance of Post 1322 in the community. 
I congratulate VFW Post 1322 on its 
90th anniversary. I wish members the best of luck and many more years of camaraderie, service and investment in the community. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JAMES KOLLER 
∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to 
remember Mr. James Koller, a devoted father, husband and Pennsylvania lead-er. Jim passed away on February 3, 2015, after a 6-year battle with ALS. 
Jim’s life was defined by his many 
passions. A successful lawyer and busi-nessman, he was also deeply engaged with his community. A graduate of Marquette University and the Dickin-son School of Law, he practiced real es-tate law in Philadelphia before co-founding Vesterra Corporation, a com-mercial real estate development com-pany through which Jim built many strong community relationships. Alongside his professional success, Jim maintained an active role in his church and enjoyed an active lifestyle. 
Jim’s diagnosis with ALS 6 years ago 
did not slow him down; rather, it pushed him to do even more to combat the disease. Along with his family and friends, he started Team Koller, a fund-raising group that participated in local ALS awareness events and raised tens of thousands of dollars for research and treatment. Even at the most difficult times, Jim stayed focused on solutions, seeking answers and help for those af-flicted by ALS. 
Although we mourn Jim’s passing, 
his selfless and passionate efforts give me hope that we may soon find a cure for this menacing disease. May we con-tinue to live and fight as James Koller did, with courage and fortitude. My thoughts and prayers are with Jim’s wife Marianne, his sons, James and Kevin, and the rest of his family in this difficult time. ∑ MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO CUBA AND OF THE EMERGENCY AUTHORITY RELATING TO THE REGULATION OF THE ANCHORAGE AND MOVE-MENT OF VESSELS, AS AMEND-ED—PM 7 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent the enclosed notice to the Federal Reg-
ister for publication, stating that the 
national emergency declared on March 1, 1996, with respect to the Government of Cuba’s destruction of two unarmed U.S.-registered civilian aircraft in international airspace north of Cuba on February 24, 1996, as amended and ex-panded on February 26, 2004, is to con-tinue in effect beyond March 1, 2015. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , February 25, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 12:23 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 212. An act to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 734. An act to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congres-sional oversight and reduce reporting bur-dens. MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 734. An act to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congres-sional oversight and reduce reporting bur-dens; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–675. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0171); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–676. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0173); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–677. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department’s Alternative Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–678. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0011 - 2015–0017); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–679. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Domestic Source Restric-tions on Certain Naval Vessel Components’’ ((RIN0750–AI36) (DFARS Case 2014–D022)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–680. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Deletion of Obsolete Text Relating to Acquisition of Commercial Items’’ ((RIN0750–AI50) (DFARS Case 2014– D002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 23, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–681. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Raymond P. Palumbo, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–682. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency with re-spect to Libya declared in Executive Order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.031 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1117 February 25, 2015 
13566; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-
ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–683. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648– XD728) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–684. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations. (Longview, Texas)’’ ((MB Docket No. 14–245) (DA 15–150)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–685. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary for Transportation Policy, Office of the Secretary, Department of Transpor-tation, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 12, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–686. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the progress made in licens-ing and constructing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–687. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Insular Affairs, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, reports entitled ‘‘Report to the Con-gress: 2014 Compact Analysis’’ and ‘‘Impact of the Compacts of Free Association on Guam: Fiscal Year 2004 through Fiscal Year 2013’’ ; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–688. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the North Slope Science Initiative; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–689. A communication from the Deputy 
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the report of proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Bu-reau of Land Management Foundation 
Act’’; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–690. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Use of Mandatory Recall Authority Submitted Pur-suant to Section 206 of the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Public Law 111–353’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–691. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Imple-mentation of Section 3507 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act of 2010: Final Report’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–692. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Performance Report of the Food and Drug Administration’s Office of Combination Products for fiscal year 2013; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–693. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Office of the Sec-retary, Department of Health and Human 
Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Secretary for Children and Fam-ilies (Family Support), Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 23, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–694. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2013 Report to Congress: Older Ameri-cans Act’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–695. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Generic Issues Program’’ (Management Directive 6.4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–696. A communication from the Chief of 
the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Documentation Related to Goods Im-ported from U.S. Insular Possessions’’ (RIN1515–AD97) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–697. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organi-zation (QIO) Program for Medicare Bene-ficiaries for Fiscal Year 2011’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–698. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Mississippi River Commission, Depart-ment of the Army, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Report for calendar year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–699. A communication from the Chair-
man, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘The Impact of Recruitment Strategy on Fair and Open Competition for Federal Jobs’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–700. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Public Affairs, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Service’s fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation (No FEAR) Act of 2002; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–701. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Department’s 2012 list of Government activities determined to be in-herently governmental and those to be not inherently governmental in nature; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–702. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Administrative Conference of the United States, transmitting, a report of three recommendations adopted by the Ad-ministrative Conference of the United States at its 61st Plenary Session; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–703. A communication from the Execu-
tive Director, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Commission’s com-mercial and inherently governmental activi-ties for 2014; to the Committee on Homeland 
Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–704. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The District of Columbia Board of Elections Election Day Preparation and Administration Can Be Im-proved’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–705. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘ANC 8E Did Not Properly Support all Reported Expendi-tures’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–706. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Automobile or Other Conveyance and Adaptive Equipment Certificate of Eligi-bility for Veterans or Members of the Armed Forces with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis’’ (RIN2900–AP26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 23, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–707. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Health Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans Families Program’’ (RIN2900–AO50) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 23, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–5. A resolution adopted by the City 
Council of Clarksville, Tennessee expressing support for the maintenance of current troop levels at Fort Campbell and urging Congress to oppose any reductions; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
POM–6. A resolution adopted by the Mayor 
and City Council of the City of Minneapolis, Minnesota, expressing strong support for the Executive Order issued on November 20, 2014, by the President of the United States, on the issue of immigration and immediate protec-tions for long-term, law-abiding residents who are parents of United States citizens; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mr. C RUZ, and Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. 555. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to offer rewards for information on the kidnapping and murder of James Foley, Peter Kassig, Steven Sotloff, Kayla Mueller, or any other United States citizen by a for-eign terrorist organization; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 556. A bill to protect and enhance oppor-
tunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.022 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1118 February 25, 2015 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 557. A bill to promote Advanced Place-
ment and International Baccalaureate pro-
grams; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON , and Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. 558. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to require information on con-tributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. A LEXANDER , 
Mr. R OBERTS , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. E NZI, and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. 559. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
Education from engaging in regulatory over-reach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 560. A bill to amend title 35, United 
States Code, to provide for an exception from infringement for certain component parts of motor vehicles; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 561. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal 
Protection Act of 1972 to allow the importa-tion of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada before the date on which the polar bear was determined to be a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 562. A bill to promote exploration for 
geothermal resources, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. 563. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish the Physician Am-bassadors Helping Veterans program to seek to employ physicians at the Department of Veterans Affairs on a without compensation basis in practice areas and specialties with staffing shortages and long appointment waiting times; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. 564. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to include licensed hearing aid specialists as eligible for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ): 
S. 565. A bill to reduce the operation and 
maintenance costs associated with the Fed-eral fleet by encouraging the use of remanu-factured parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
B
URR, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. 
UDALL ): 
S. 566. A bill to reauthorize the Tropical 
Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fis-cal year 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ): 
S. 567. A bill to protect the right of law- 
abiding citizens to transport knives inter-state, notwithstanding a patchwork of local 
and State prohibitions; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. R EED, 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , 
and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 568. A bill to extend the trade adjust-
ment assistance program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
C
OCHRAN ): 
S. 569. A bill to reauthorize the farm to 
school program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 570. A bill to improve access to oral 
health care for vulnerable and underserved populations; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
WICKER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. M ORAN , 
Mr. T ESTER , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , and Mr. K ING): 
S. 571. A bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of 
Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. KIRK: 
S. 572. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a penalty for know-ingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
D
ONNELLY , Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. I NHOFE ): 
S. 573. A bill to direct the Administrator of 
the Federal Aviation Administration to issue or revise regulations with respect to the medical certification of certain small air-craft pilots, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ): 
S. 574. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 allow employers a credit against income tax for employees who par-ticipate in qualified apprenticeship pro-grams; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 575. A bill to continue operation of the 
Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps, a Cyber Crimes Center, a Child Exploitation Investigations Unit, a Computer Forensics Unit, and a Cyber Crimes Unit to support the mission of the Homeland Security Investigations direc-torate of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement to combat the exploi-tation of children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
NELSON ): S. Res. 85. A resolution honoring the life 
and legacy of Georgia Jones-Ayers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. K ING, and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. Res. 86. A resolution recognizing March 
3, 2015, as the centennial of the Navy Re-serve; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mr. R EID, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. C OONS , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. C OATS , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
BLUNT , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. K ING, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
MORAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. L EAHY , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
NELSON , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B ENNET , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. S COTT): 
S. Res. 87. A resolution to express the sense 
of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Sem-itism in Europe and to encourage greater co-operation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in preventing and responding to anti-Semitism; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 11 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 11, a bill to protect the separation of powers in the Constitution of the United States by ensuring that the President takes care that the laws be faithfully executed, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 117 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 117, a bill to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, to relocate to Jerusalem the United States Embassy in Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 139, a bill to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Se-curity Income program and the Med-icaid program for compensation pro-vided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or con-ditions. 
S. 144 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 144, a bill to prohibit the Federal Government from mandating, incentivizing, or making financial sup-port conditioned upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adop-tion of specific instructional content, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.017 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1119 February 25, 2015 
academic standards, or curriculum, or 
on the administration of assessments or tests, and for other purposes. 
S. 148 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require State li-censure and bid surety bonds for enti-ties submitting bids under the Medi-care durable medical equipment, pros-thetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisition program, and for other purposes. 
S. 153 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 153, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to authorize additional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 166, a bill to stop exploitation through trafficking. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 185 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
185, a bill to create a limited popu-lation pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs. 
S. 200 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 200, a bill to amend the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 to provide for macroeconomic analysis of the impact of major revenue legislation. 
S. 223 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
223, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot program on awarding grants for provi-sion of furniture, household items, and other assistance to homeless veterans to facilitate their transition into per-manent housing, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 226 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 226, 
a bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a 
joint resolution of approval is enacted into law. 
S. 239 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 239, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to ap-portionments under the Airport Im-provement Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 246 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 246, a bill to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children, and for other purposes. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
253, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the re-porting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 262, a bill to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose ad-ditional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 284 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
284, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally rec-ognized human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 289 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 289, a bill to prioritize funding for an expanded and sustained national investment in biomedical research. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. S. 308 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
308, a bill to reauthorize 21st century community learning centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 318 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 318, a bill to prioritize funding for the National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to restore the pur-chasing power the NIH had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003. 
S. 332 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 332, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make per-manent the extension of the Medicare- dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hospital pro-gram. 
S. 335 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 335, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove 529 plans. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. 
S. 371 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 371, a bill to remove a limitation on a prohibition relating to permits for discharges inci-dental to normal operation of vessels. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Mis-
souri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) 
and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
373, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of nationally uniform and envi-ronmentally sound standards gov-erning discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. 
At the request of Mr. T
HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.019 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1120 February 25, 2015 
SULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 373, supra. 
S. 394 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
394, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the 15-year recovery period for qualified leasehold improvement prop-erty, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail improvement property. 
S. 399 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 399, a bill to amend the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to increase transparency in Federal budgeting, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 403 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
403, a bill to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes. 
S. 409 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. C OTTON ) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 409, a bill to amend the Sex Offender Registration and No-tification Act to require the Secretary of Defense to inform the Attorney Gen-eral of persons required to register as sex offenders. 
S. 421 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 421, a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to provide for greater transparency and efficiency in the procedures followed by the Federal Communications Commission, and for other purposes. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 431, a bill to perma-nently extend the Internet Tax Free-dom Act. 
S. 437 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
437, a bill to provide for congressional approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments, to establish requirements for the declaration of marine national monuments, and for other purposes. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
474, a bill to require State educational agencies that receive funding under the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to have in effect policies and procedures on background checks for school employees. 
S. 489 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. I SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 489, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to increase the maximum value of articles that may be imported duty- free by one person on one day. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 498, a bill to allow reci-procity for the carrying of certain con-cealed firearms. 
S. 505 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 505, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the Health Coverage Tax Credit. 
S. 517 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 517, a bill to extend the secure rural schools and community self-determination program, to restore mandatory funding status to the pay-ment in lieu of taxes program, and for other purposes. 
S. 527 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 527, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turn-around Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a cat-alyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
S. 532 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 532, a bill to improve highway-rail grade crossing safety, and for other purposes. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medi-care outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 546 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 546, a bill to establish the Rail-road Emergency Services Prepared-ness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Sub-committee under the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide rec-ommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to haz-
ardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
553, a bill to marshal resources to un-dertake a concerted, transformative ef-fort that seeks to bring an end to mod-ern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from New Mex-
ico (Mr. U DALL ) and the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. Con. Res. 4, a concur-rent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and 
Mr. C OCHRAN ): 
S. 569. A bill to reauthorize the farm 
to school program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, 5 years 
ago, the President signed into law the Healthy and Hunger-Free Kids Act. This law has made improvements to our school lunch program by making healthy food choices a reality for stu-dents nationwide. One of the best ways to help students make healthy choices is to teach them about their food and how it is grown. That is why I cham-pioned the inclusion of funding for a farm-to-school grant program, which was included in the Healthy and Hun-ger-Free Kids Act. The program has had tremendous success and interest nationwide, and has awarded grants in 42 States—showing the reach and diver-sity of farm-to-school. In order to im-prove upon this successful program and expand its reach, I am glad to be joined today by Senator C
OCHRAN , and Rep-
resentatives F UDGE and F ORTENBERRY  
in the House, to introduce the Farm to School Act of 2015. 
We all know that hungry children 
cannot learn. Studies have shown that healthy nutrition in a young person’s diet is crucial to cognitive ability and better health in the long run. With food insecurity on the rise, more than 30 percent of all children in the United States struggle with obesity, resulting in poor health, and learning and behav-ioral difficulties at school. The school meal program has made tremendous strides in recent years to ensure not only that children have access to meals throughout the school day, but that those meals are nutritious. The Farm to School program has given children and schools across the country the tools to craft farm-fresh, healthy, and delicious meals that students enjoy. 
The Farm to School grant program 
offers support to farmers and local economies, while teaching kids about nutritious foods and where they come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.020 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1121 February 25, 2015 
from. The program has helped schools 
across the country meet the new nutri-tion standards by offering children local, fresh produce that tastes great. Just as importantly, the program has a strong educational component, making our school cafeterias an extension of the classroom, giving students an op-portunity to learn about nutrition, well-balanced meals, and even how to grow the food themselves. 
In Vermont, I have seen first-hand 
how farm to school efforts have better connected children with the food in their cafeteria. Students participate in school gardens, sustainability projects, and taste tests for new school menu items. The Burlington School Food Project created a half-acre Healthy City Youth Farm, connecting schools to the farm by engaging individuals in local agricultural production. Organi-zations in Vermont such as Vermont Food Education Every Day, now the Northeast regional leader of the Na-tional Farm to School Network; Shelburne Farms; and the Northeast Organic Farming Association have been able to expand their programs to link more farms to the classroom throughout Vermont. 
Farm to school is equally crucial to 
farmers and ranchers, who currently receive only 16 cents out of every dol-lar spent on food. The program opens another market to them to sell their locally grown and locally harvested goods. By incorporating farm fresh products in school meals, children learn the importance of where their food comes from. The program links the classroom with the farm to engage students in the importance of farming and contributing to the local economy. 
The Farm to School Act of 2015 would 
build upon these successes and expand the program’s scope by increasing the funding for the program to $15 million per year. The bill also recognizes the importance of growing the program to include preschools, summer food serv-ice program sites, and after school pro-grams. 
Improving childhood nutrition is a 
goal we all share. Small changes in eat-ing habits by children will result in lifelong health benefits for generations to come. The Farm to School program empowers children and their families to make healthy choices now and in the future. As the Senate begins con-sidering reauthorizing the child nutri-tion bill this year, I look forward to in-cluding these improvements in the Farm to School program. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 569 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Farm to 
School Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. ACCESS TO LOCAL FOODS: FARM TO 
SCHOOL PROGRAM. 
Section 18(g) of the Richard B. Russell Na-
tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769(g)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking the paragraph designation 
and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In this subsection, the’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) A GRICULTURAL PRODUCER .—The term 
‘agricultural producer’ means a farmer, rancher, or fisher (including of farm-raised fish). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE SCHOOL .—The’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-
nated), by inserting ‘‘, including the summer food service program for children under sec-tion 13 and the early care and afterschool portions of the child and adult care food pro-gram under section 17,’’ after ‘‘under this Act’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and non-
profit entities through grants and technical assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘land-grant col-leges and universities, and nonprofit entities through grants, technical assistance, and re-search’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and technical 
assistance’’ after ‘‘training’’; 
(ii) by redesignating clauses (vi) and (vii) 
as clauses (vii) and (viii), respectively; and 
(iii) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) implementing agricultural literacy 
and nutrition education;’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) I
MPROVED PROCUREMENT AND DISTRIBU -
TION.— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall seek to improve local food procurement and dis-tribution options for agricultural producers and eligible schools. 
‘‘(ii) A
GGREGATION , PROCESSING , TRANSPOR -
TATION , AND DISTRIBUTION .—In advancing 
local food procurement options and other farm to school objectives, the Secretary may provide funding for projects that include in-novative approaches to aggregation, proc-essing, transportation, and distribution. 
‘‘(D) A
WARDS .— 
‘‘(i) M AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The total amount 
provided to a grant recipient under this sub-section shall not exceed $200,000. 
‘‘(ii) T
ERM.—The term of an award shall 
not exceed 3 years. 
‘‘(iii) P URPOSE AND SCOPE .—In making 
awards under this subsection, the Secretary shall seek to make awards of diverse amounts and duration in order to best match the award to the purpose and scope of the project to be funded. 
‘‘(E) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not 
award a grant under this subsection if the grant funds would be used solely for the pur-pose of carrying out a conference.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (G) as clauses (i) through (vii), re-spectively, and indenting the clauses appro-priately; 
(B) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘lunches’’ and inserting ‘‘meals’’; 
(C) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so 
redesignated), by striking ‘‘To the maximum extent practicable’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent 
practicable’’; 
(D) in clause (vi) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(E) by redesignating clause (vii) (as so re-
designated) as clause (viii); (F) by inserting after clause (vi) (as so re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(vii) expand the selection of local com-
modities for eligible schools; and’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
RIBAL COMMUNITY PROJECTS .—In the 
case of projects serving tribal communities, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, give highest priority to projects that best use products from tribal agricul-tural producers, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (7)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(B) by striking the paragraph designation 
and heading and all that follows through ‘‘nonprofit entities—’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(7) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND RE -
SEARCH .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide technical assistance, research, and in-formation to assist eligible schools, State and local agencies, Indian tribal organiza-tions, agricultural producers or agricultural producer groups, and nonprofit entities—’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated)— (i) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(ii) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by 
striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) to increase awareness of, and partici-
pation in, farm to school programs among agricultural and aquaculture producers or agricultural producer groups, including be-ginning, veteran, and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Farm to School Act of 2015 and every 3 years there-after, the Secretary shall review and submit to the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that de-scribes the progress that has been made in identifying and eliminating regulatory and other barriers related to developing farm to school programs. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the re-
port, the Secretary shall examine— 
‘‘(I) the direct and indirect regulatory 
compliance costs affecting the production and marketing of locally or regionally pro-duced agricultural food products to school food programs; and 
‘‘(II) barriers to local and regional market 
access for small-scale production.’’; 
(6) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$15,000,000’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATION .—Of the funds pro-
vided to the Secretary under subparagraph (A), not more than 5 percent may be used to pay administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this subsection.’’; and 
(7) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘2011 
through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.023 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1122 February 25, 2015 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 85—HON-
ORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF GEORGIA JONES-AYERS 
Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 85 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers was a life-
long resident and prominent community leader in South Florida; 
Whereas effective relationships between 
communities and the police departments that serve those communities promote more effective policing and further the interests of justice; 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers worked tire-
lessly to promote dialogue and foster trust between the police and the community; 
Whereas career criminals prey on their 
communities, destroy lives, and waste their God-given potential; 
Whereas the prevention of recidivism, es-
pecially by first-time offenders, is an impor-tant goal of the criminal justice system, civil society, and faith communities; 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers founded and 
served as Executive Director of Alternative Programs, Inc., a nonprofit agency com-mitted to preventing first-time offenders from reoffending; 
Whereas Alternative Programs, Inc. has 
helped hundreds of first-time offenders be-come productive members of society; 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers retired in 
October 2013, after nearly 4 decades leading Alternative Programs; 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers engaged in 
many other efforts for the betterment of the community, including cofounding the Daily Bread Food Bank; 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers was honored 
by numerous organizations in Florida, in-cluding the Miami Police Department and the Florida Commission on Human Rela-tions; 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers was the lov-
ing mother of 6 children, grandmother of 9 grandchildren, and great-grandmother of 20 great-grandchildren; and 
Whereas Georgia Jones-Ayers passed away 
on February 17, 2015, at the age of 86: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes and honors the life of Geor-
gia Jones-Ayers; 
(2) recognizes— (A) the lifelong commitment of Georgia 
Jones-Ayers to bettering the lives of the peo-ple of South Florida; and 
(B) the landmark work of Georgia Jones- 
Ayers in steering troubled young people away from a life of crime; 
(3) offers heartfelt condolences to the fam-
ily, friends, and loved ones of Georgia Jones- Ayers; and 
(4) in memory of Georgia Jones-Ayers, 
calls on the people of the United States to redouble their commitment to their neigh-bors and their communities. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 86—RECOG-
NIZING MARCH 3, 2015, AS THE CENTENNIAL OF THE NAVY RE-SERVE 
Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. K ING, and Mr. P ETERS ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 86 
Whereas the roots of patriotic Americans 
serving in maritime service trace back to even before the existence of the Continental Navy, when residents from seaside towns en-gaged in combat with British warships in de-fense of their homes; 
Whereas the tradition of maritime service 
to the country continued through the robust United States merchant marine, and later the formation of State naval militias in the late 19th century to meet the need for addi-tional naval support; 
Whereas during the Spanish-American 
War, the Navy augmented its force with 4,000 sailors from the State naval militias; 
Whereas the emergence of the United 
States as a world power in the early 20th century required a more robust and multi- layered naval force; 
Whereas the Act of March 3, 1915 (38 Stat. 
928, chapter 83), established the Naval Re-serve, which became the ‘‘Navy Reserve’’ in 2006; 
Whereas by the end of World War I, there 
were 290,0000 members of the Naval Reserve, more than half of the total manpower of the Navy, who fought valiantly during the war; 
Whereas 84 percent of the sailors serving in 
World War II were members of the Naval Re-serve, a group that included 100,000 women; 
Whereas the more than 2,600,000 enlisted 
personnel and 269,000 officers in the Naval Reserve in 1945 served in every theater of World War II and on every type of vessel and aircraft; 
Whereas 5 Presidents, John F. Kennedy, 
Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard M. Nixon, Ger-ald R. Ford, and George H. W. Bush, served honorably in the Naval Reserve; 
Whereas in United States conflicts and na-
tional emergencies, including the Berlin Cri-sis, the Korean War, the Cuban Missile Cri-sis, the Vietnam War, Operation Desert Storm, and hurricanes and other natural dis-asters, the Navy Reserve has responded to 
calls promptly and effectively; 
Whereas following the attack on the Navy 
destroyer, USS Cole, on October 12, 2000, the Naval Reserve immediately responded with coastal warfare security; 
Whereas since the attacks on our home-
land of September 11, 2001, the Navy Reserve has mobilized more than 72,000 members of the Navy Reserve worldwide to counter threats to national security; 
Whereas the Navy benefits from the mili-
tary experience, civilian skills, and diverse backgrounds of the members of the Navy Re-serve; 
Whereas as the Senate recognizes the dis-
tinguished service of the members of the Navy Reserve, who are proud individuals of the United States, there are more than 2,000 members of the Navy Reserve deployed around the world; and 
Whereas March 3, 2015, marks 100 years 
since the Act of March 3, 1915 (38 Stat. 928, chapter 83), establishing the Naval Reserve: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes March 3, 2015, as the centen-
nial of the Navy Reserve; 
(2) recognizes the indispensable and valu-
able contributions and sacrifices that indi-vidual members of the Navy Reserve have made throughout the history of the United States and continue to make in 2015; 
(3) celebrates the commitment and service 
of members of the Navy Reserve, their fami-lies, and their employers; and 
(4) encourages communities to seize the op-
portunity to honor and support these patri-ots in 2015, the centennial of the Navy Re-serve. SENATE RESOLUTION 87—TO EX-
PRESS THE SENSE OF THE SEN-ATE REGARDING THE RISE OF ANTI-SEMITISM IN EUROPE AND TO ENCOURAGE GREATER CO-OPERATION WITH THE EURO-PEAN GOVERNMENTS, THE EU-ROPEAN UNION, AND THE ORGA-NIZATION FOR SECURITY AND CO-OPERATION IN EUROPE IN PREVENTING AND RESPONDING TO ANTI-SEMITISM; 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mr. R EID, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. C OONS , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
COATS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. B LUNT , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. K ING, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
MORAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. 
WARNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
and Mr. S COTT) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 87 
Whereas an alarming increase in anti-Se-
mitic attacks and incidents targeting Jewish institutions, places of worship, and individ-uals continue to take place in Europe and re-main a challenge to stability and security; 
Whereas on January 9, 2015, 4 members of 
France’s Jewish community were murdered in an attack on a kosher supermarket fol-lowing the deadly terrorist attack on the Paris offices of newspaper Charlie Hebdo; 
Whereas, in a 2014 Anti-Defamation League 
survey of attitudes towards Jews in more than 100 countries around the world— 
(1) 24 percent of those surveyed in Western 
Europe expressed anti-Semitic views; 
(2) 34 percent of those surveyed in Eastern 
Europe expressed anti-Semitic views; and 
(3) a majority of those surveyed worldwide 
either— 
(A) had not heard of the Holocaust; or (B) do not believe that the factual ac-
counts and recorded history of the Holocaust are accurate; 
Whereas the European Union Agency for 
Fundamental Rights issued a report in 2013 on anti-Semitism in the 8 countries in which 90 percent of Europe’s Jews reside, namely France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Belgium, Sweden, and the United Kingdom, in which 76 percent of respondents believed that anti-Semitism had worsened where they lived during the previous 5-year period; 
Whereas France, which is home to Europe’s 
largest Jewish population, reported that— 
(1) twice as many French Jews immigrated 
to Israel during 2014 than had immigrated during 2013; and 
(2) for the first time ever, more Jews 
moved to Israel from France than from any other country in the world; 
Whereas anti-Semitic acts committed and 
recorded in European countries in 2014 in-cluded— 
(1) murders and death threats against 
Jews; and 
(2) arson, graffiti, and property desecration 
at Jewish sites, including Jewish cemeteries, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.024 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1123 February 25, 2015 
places of worship, schools, and community 
centers; 
Whereas such acts led many Jewish indi-
viduals to conceal their religious affiliation; 
Whereas on May 24, 2014, a gunman killed 
4 people when he opened fire at the Jewish Museum of Belgium in Brussels, Belgium; 
Whereas on July 29, 2014, Molotov cocktails 
were thrown at the synagogue in Wuppertal, Germany, which had been burned to the ground by the Nazis during the 1938 Kristallnacht, and was rebuilt as recently as 2002; 
Whereas the foreign ministers of France, 
Germany, and Italy issued a joint statement in July 2014, proclaiming: ‘‘Anti-Semitic rhetoric and hostility against Jews, attacks on people of Jewish belief and synagogues have no place in our societies’’; 
Whereas in September 2014, British Prime 
Minister David Cameron declared: ‘‘There can never be any excuse for anti-Semitism, and no disagreements on politics or policy should ever be allowed to justify racism, prejudice or extremism in any form’’; 
Whereas on January 13, 2015, French Prime 
Minister Manuel Valls spoke before the French National Assembly and declared that anti-Semitism must be dealt with ‘‘power-fully’’ and that ‘‘there has been an intoler-able rise in acts of anti-Semitism in France [that] have not aroused the outrage expected by our Jewish compatriots’’; 
Whereas at the Tenth Anniversary of the 
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe’s (OSCE) Berlin Conference on Anti- Semitism in November 2014, Samantha Power, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, noted, ‘‘Rising anti-Semi-tism is rarely the lone or the last manifesta-
tion of intolerance in society. . . . When the human rights and fundamental freedoms of Jews are repressed, the rights and freedoms of other minorities and other sectors are often not far behind’’; 
Whereas the OSCE’s December 2014 Basel 
Declaration on Enhancing Efforts to Combat Anti-Semitism condemned ‘‘manifestations of anti-Semitism, intolerance and discrimi-nation against Jews’’, and protected the commitment to ‘‘declare unambiguously that international developments or political issues, including those with regard to the situation in the Middle East, never justify anti-Semitism’’; 
Whereas the Government of the United 
States has consistently supported efforts to address the rise of anti-Semitism through diplomatic efforts including engagement in international organizations such as the OSCE; 
Whereas the Office to Monitor and Combat 
Anti-Semitism in the Department of State, which is headed by the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism, has consistently supported European efforts to combat Anti-Semitism; and 
Whereas, at the urging of the United 
States and 36 other countries, including all European Union States, the United Nations General Assembly convened the first ever meeting on anti-Semitism on January 22, 2015, to consider ways to confront the long- standing and growing problem of anti-Semi-tism worldwide. 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate urges the Sec-
retary of State, the Attorney General, and other relevant United States Government agencies and officials to work closely with the European Union and European govern-ments to encourage further efforts to address anti-Semitism by— 
(1) undertaking prompt, impartial, and ef-
fective investigations of any acts of violence motivated by anti-Semitism and fully pros-ecuting those responsible for such violence within the extent of the law; (2) encouraging European countries and 
the European Union to designate senior-level special envoys to monitor, prevent, and com-bat anti-Semitism regionally and domesti-cally; 
(3) cooperating with European counter-
parts on developing programs to counter vio-lent extremists engaged in anti-Semitic ac-tivity; 
(4) encouraging the European Union and its 
Member States to integrate measures to combat anti-Semitism into relevant national strategies and action plans by including measures to protect human rights, religious tolerance, and equality, and to ensure hate crime and violence prevention; 
(5) increasing cooperation on training ini-
tiatives related to hate crimes, particularly crimes motivated by anti-Semitism, for law enforcement personnel, and improving moni-toring and reporting efforts; 
(6) empowering civil society, including di-
verse religious and ethnic groups, civil and human rights organizations, and the busi-ness community, to fight anti-Semitism and discrimination; 
(7) convening regular consultations with 
Jewish community organizations and non- Jewish civil and human rights organizations to demonstrate visible support, listen to con-cerns, and solicit recommendations on im-proving security and supporting victims; and 
(8) reaffirming and implementing the rec-
ommendations in the OSCE’s December 2014 Basel Declaration on Enhancing Efforts to Combat Anti-Semitism. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR-253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Preserving the Multistakeholder Model of Internet Governance.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Evironment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD-406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impor-tance of MAP–21 Reauthorization: Per-spectives from Owners, Operators, and Users of the System.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2015, at 1:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Fight Against ISIS: Building the Coalition and Ensuring Military Effec-tiveness.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2015, at 10 a.m. to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Toward a 21st Century Regulatory System.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on February 25, 2015 at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘The President’s FY2016 Budget Request for Indian programs.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2015 at 10 a.m., to conduct a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Personnel of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2015 at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2015 at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CENTENNIAL OF THE NAVY 
RESERVE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 86, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 86) recognizing March 
3, 2015, as the centennial of the Navy Re-serve. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.028 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1124 February 25, 2015 
The resolution (S. Res. 86) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appoints the following Member to serve on the Congressional Executive Com-mission on the People’s Republic of China: the Honorable M
ARCO RUBIO of 
Florida. 
The Chair, on behalf of the President 
of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, appoints the fol-lowing individual to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Cen-ter for the Performing Arts: the Honor-able R
OYBLUNT of Missouri. 
The Chair, on behalf of the Demo-
cratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appoints the fol-lowing individual to the Congressional Award Board: the Honorable J
OE 
MANCHIN of West Virginia. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
FEBRUARY 26, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 11 a.m., Thursday, Feb-ruary 26; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume con-sideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 240 postcloture, and all time dur-ing the adjournment or recess of the Senate count against postcloture time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am here for the 90th time to urge my colleagues in the Senate to take action 
on climate change. The science is clearly worthy of our trust, and it is indeed time to wake up. 
The human contribution to climate 
change is no longer up for legitimate debate. We know that carbon pollution accumulates in the atmosphere. We know that carbon dioxide traps the sun’s heat. We have actually known that since Abraham Lincoln was Presi-dent. We know that the atmosphere and the oceans are heating up. We can measure that. 
Ocean acidification and sea level rise 
are also measurable, and they are caused by carbon pollution. These risks to our environment, to our health, to our economy, and to our national secu-rity are every week more apparent. 
News this week from New York City 
was that an advisory panel of sci-entists, engineers, and risk manage-ment experts just reported that the sea level rise along that city’s shoreline— approximately 12 inches since 1900— may have expanded Superstorm Sandy’s flood area by as much as 25 square miles, flooding the homes of some 80,000 people. That is pretty real. 
The report’s prognosis for the future 
puts the city in pretty deep water. New York City expects its local sea levels to rise by 11 to 21 inches more by 2050 and as much as 6 feet by 2100. 
When he was mayor, Michael 
Bloomberg began in the wake of Hurri-cane Sandy an ambitious plan to shore up New York with levees, with storm barriers, and with other coastal de-fenses to make that great city more re-silient in the face of rising seas. That plan is estimated to cost nearly $20 bil-lion to fortify just one city, albeit a great one—New York City—against ris-ing seas. 
Let’s look south to another major 
American metropolitan area, Miami- Fort Lauderdale, which also faces daunting projections of rising sea lev-els. 
This map I have in the Chamber 
shows 3 feet of sea level rise in Miami- Dade County. This is before. This is after. As we can see, they have lost acres. All of this back to the coast is gone, acre upon acre of that city. This nuclear power station right here, Tur-key Point, and this sewage treatment plant which serves that municipal area have both become islands. 
I visited Florida last year to hear 
firsthand about the threats that cli-mate change poses to the Sunshine State. I met Glenn Landers, a senior engineer at the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers, Everglades Division. He has worked on water resources and restora-tion projects in Florida for nearly 20 years. This is the map he used to show me what just 2 feet of sea level rise would mean for South Florida. There is a lot less of it. 
Like New York, they have measured 
almost 1 foot of sea level rise in South Florida in the last 100 years. And like New York, the Southeast Florida Re-gional Climate Compact—which is a bi-partisan coalition of four South Flor-
ida counties—once we get away from this building, it turns out this can ac-tually be a bipartisan issue; that cloud of special interest money that wraps the Congress isn’t as apparent when you get to Florida counties. That bi-partisan coalition predicts, like New York, again, continued sea level rise. Indeed, the waters around southeast Florida could surge up to another 2 feet in less than 50 years. As we can see, most of the iconic Everglades—which is the largest tract of wilderness east of the Rocky Mountains and home to some of the most rare and endangered species in America—will be under sea-water. 
Now, there is some resemblance be-
tween New York and Florida in the threat of sea level rise. But the resem-blance to New York diverges when we look at some of the unique features of the Florida peninsula. 
First is its low elevation. Miami is 
just 6 feet above sea level. Six feet of sea level rise goes a long way. 
Second, southern Florida, as the 
Army Corps of Engineers constantly attests, rests on porous limestone. In New York, levees and dams can be built that will hold the ocean back. They can fortify New York City and wall it in like Holland. In Miami, they would be building those structures on a geo-logical sponge. The rising water will just seep right under. And even in the higher areas that might still stay dry, saltwater will infiltrate the under-ground drinking water. 
Of all the people and all the homes in 
the Nation at risk from rising seas, an estimated 40 percent are in the State of Florida. The Risky Business Project es-timates that between $127 billion and $150 billion worth of property in Flor-ida will be under the mean high tide by 2050. You might want to be careful where you buy in Florida these days if you plan to be around a while. 
If we take into account damage from 
coastal storms, Florida could face an additional $4 billion in damage per year. 
Luckily, Florida is home to a number 
of the country’s leading research insti-tutions. Scientific experts at Florida universities are actively researching and trying to plan for the State’s changing climate. 
Professor Harold Wanless of the Uni-
versity of Miami puts it pretty bluntly: 
Everyone wants a nice happy ending. But 
that’s not reality. We’re in for it. We have really done a job warming our ocean, and it’s going to pay us back. 
The Florida Climate Institute is a 
network of universities and public or-ganizations that provides Florida pol-icymakers and businesses with reliable, region-specific, factual information. The group includes the University of Florida, Florida State, the University of Miami, Florida A&M, the University of Central Florida, Florida Atlantic University, the University of South Florida, and Florida International Uni-versity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.039 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1125 February 25, 2015 
Let me focus on Florida Inter-
national University in Miami. FIU leads the Florida Coastal Everglades Long Term Ecological Research Pro-gram to study the effect of climate change and human activity on fresh-water availability in the Everglades. FIU hosts the International Hurricane Research Center on its campus and re-cently established the Extreme Events Institute, devoted to making commu-nities more resilient to extreme weath-er. 
Institute director Richard Olsen, who 
is an international expert on disaster response and resiliency, has called sea level rise ‘‘a slow onset disaster’’ for South Florida. 
Four professors of FIU’s School of 
Journalism and Mass Communication set up a media outreach initiative called Eyes on the Rise. Students in this program have produced documen-taries to air on local television about the effect of sea level rise on local com-munities, on real estate prices, and on economic growth in southern Florida. 
FIU is a member of the American 
College and University Presidents’ Cli-mate Commitment, a network of schools taking action to reduce green-house gas emissions and promote cli-mate research. FIU has adopted a plan to bring emissions 25 percent below 2007 levels before 2030. 
On my Florida visit, Dr. Mike 
Heithaus, a marine scientist and dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at FIU, said: 
We’re really standing here at ground zero. 
There’s just about nowhere else on the plan-et where there is more at risk from sea level rise so fast. 
He gets it. They get it. That is why 
Florida International University is at the fore of climate research and edu-cation, particularly as it affects the State of Florida. 
But there is another member of that 
faculty who doesn’t seem to get it, one of our Senate colleagues, the junior Senator from Florida. He teaches polit-ical science part time at FIU. Last month, however, that junior Senator from Florida voted against amend-ments to the Keystone XL bill stating that climate change is real and that humans contribute to it. Apparently the message from experts across Flor-ida and frankly from experts across campus that manmade climate change, especially sea level rise, is a big prob-lem for southern Florida—well, appar-ently that message hasn’t gotten through. 
What are Florida’s other elected offi-
cials doing? Fort Lauderdale mayor Jack Seiler is working with NOAA, State and Broward County officials, and the South Florida Regional Plan-ning Council to protect his city from flooding and climate change. Miami Beach mayor Philip Levine showed me the huge pumps his city has installed to pump out the flooding that comes in on high tides and from storms. Repub-lican mayor Sylvia Murphy of Monroe County, which covers all of the Florida Keys and some of the Everglades, is a 
remarkable lady, and she has put cli-mate and energy policy at the heart of her 20-year growth plan for the county. She is going to lose a lot of her county if we don’t get ahead of this. And the senior Senator from Florida, my friend B
ILLNELSON , is an outspoken advocate 
for preserving the Florida coast and the Florida economy in the face of cli-mate change. 
The Miami Herald recently wrote: 
South Florida owes Senator N ELSON its 
thanks for shining a bright light on this issue. Everyone from local residents to elect-ed officials should follow his lead, turning awareness of this major environmental issue into action. It is critical to saving our re-gion. 
So said the Miami Herald. 
Unfortunately, the junior Senator 
does not seem to have followed his sen-ior colleague’s lead either in shining a bright light on this issue or in turning awareness into action. 
It is a little bit surprising that, ac-
cording to a recent New York Times poll, an overwhelming majority of Americans support us taking action on climate change, including half of Re-publicans. Again, this is not that par-tisan of an issue once you get away from the polluter money that sur-rounds this building. Two-thirds of re-spondents said they would be more likely to vote for a candidate for Presi-dent or for the Senate who explicitly campaigned on a platform of climate action. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to continue for an additional 2 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. That includes 48 
percent of Republicans as opposed to only 24 percent of Republicans who said they would be less likely to vote for such a candidate. So even among Re-publican voters, the balance tips in favor of climate action. If you look at young Republican voters—as I have said over and over on this floor—under the age of 35, they think climate denial is ignorant, out of touch, or crazy. Those are the words they selected in the poll, not my words. 
Let’s move west to Arizona. The 
folks at NASA—a pretty reputable or-ganization—have a rover driving around on Mars right now that they control. These are people who know something about what they are doing, and the folks at NASA have made un-derstanding our planet and its systems their life’s work. This month their re-searchers released a study showing an 80-percent chance of a decades-long what they call ‘‘megadrought’’ in the American Southwest, a multi-decade drought between 2050 and 2099 unless we act aggressively to mitigate the ef-fects of climate change. Arizona could see half as much precipitation in the second half of the century as it did in the second half of the last century. It is a call to arms to protect the State of Arizona. Finally, here is this morning’s news-
paper headline: ‘‘As ice melts, the fu-ture fades. Climate change may force Alaska natives to abandon their vil-lage.’’ L
ISAMURKOWSKI , the Senator 
from Alaska, is quoted here. Senator M
URKOWSKI acknowledges the impacts 
of climate change on Alaska’s coastal community. 
So maybe we are beginning to make 
some progress, but all around the coun-try these effects are ones we have to begin to take more seriously. It is in-deed time to wake up. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 11 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:23 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, February 26, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
MONICA C. REGALBUTO, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ENVIRONMENTAL MAN-AGEMENT), VICE INES R. TRIAY, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
AMIAS MOORE GERETY, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE AN 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE CYRUS AMIR-MOKRI, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
WILLIE E. MAY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNDER SEC-
RETARY OF COMMERCE FOR STANDARDS AND TECH-NOLOGY, VICE PATRICK GALLAGHER, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ANNE ELIZABETH WALL, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A DEPUTY 
UNDER SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE ALASTAIR M. FITZPAYNE, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KATHERINE SIMONDS DHANANI, OF FLORIDA, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF SOMALIA. 
SHEILA GWALTNEY, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KYRGYZ REPUBLIC. 
UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
MICKEY D. BARNETT, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE A GOV-
ERNOR OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 8, 2020. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
CONO R. NAMORATO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE KATHRYN KENEALLY, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. ROBIN RAND 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY B. CLARK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. BARBARA R. HOLCOMB 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G25FE6.042 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1126 February 25, 2015 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RONALD J. PLACE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RAYMOND S. DINGLE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JACINTO ZAMBRANO, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be colonel 
CHERYL D. ANDERSON 
CHARLES G. KEMPER IV JAMES D. MOORE CARLTON G. SMITH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
EUGENE S. ALKIRE DAVID A. GAGNON SHAUGHNESSY D. HODGE ANTHONY T. LIEGGI CHRISTOPHER R. REESE DENNIS J. SORENSEN PATRICK R. STARESINA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
RONALD D. SCHOW 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
SEAN M. MILLER JOSEPH B. POWELL 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ANDREW J. COPELAND DANIEL R. GABLE YONG J. LEE BRIAN A. LIONBARGER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A25FE6.027 S25FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E245 February 25, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO TARBUT V’TORAH 
COMMUNITY DAY SCHOOL 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, today I wish to recognize Tarbut V’Torah Community Day School (TVT) for re-cently having been ranked the number one private school for academics in Orange Coun-ty, California from niche.com. TVT was also recognized as being the number one Jewish school for academics in the nation by Niche. As a result of their outstanding accomplish-ments, TVT was recently presented with a cer-tificate of recognition from the County of Or-ange for achieving these excellent honors. Today, I applaud TVT for their tremendous academic accomplishments. 
TVT, a Jewish day school with over 500 stu-
dents, is a nurturing, caring community that embraces pluralism, cultivates Jewish identity and inspires students to lead meaningful Jew-ish lives. The school is known for its individ-ualized college preparatory environment, which challenges students to think critically, 
work collaboratively, and explore creatively in order to realize their fullest potential. TVT also strives to encourage students to be inquisitive learners, compassionate citizens and coura-geous leaders in their community and in the world. 
The success of TVT students is dem-
onstrated through their exceptional standard-ized test scores and high acceptance rates into our nation’s top universities. For example, the acceptance rate of TVT students to Stan-ford University is 12.1 percent, in comparison with the 5.1 percent national average. The ac-ceptance ratios for other top universities are as follows: UC Berkeley, 41.7 percent vs. 17 percent; USC, 53 vs. 17.8 percent, and UCLA, 31 vs. 18.2 percent. Furthermore, TVT SAT scores surpassed the national average by more than 400 points, and TVT ACT scores outranked the national average 29 to 21. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the students, 
faculty, and those who govern the school, for their accomplishments and academic success within the community. It is an honor to rep-resent such an accomplished school in the United States Congress, and I wish them the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING PHILIP B. PHILLIPS 
FOR BEING SELECTED FOR THE NAIOP OF NORTHEAST FLORIDA COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE TRADE ASSOCIATION’S LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a great Floridian businessman, Mr. Philip B. Phillips, founder of the real estate 
development firm Phillips & Co, on receiving the NAIOP of Northeast Florida commercial real estate trade association’s Lifetime Achievement Award. 
Mr. Phillips founded Phillips & Co in 1986, 
and since then his firm has completed more than 1 million square feet of projects in Jack-sonville, Orlando and Pensacola. He is a pillar in the Jacksonville business community, and a valuable partner in the economic growth and development of Northeast Florida. 
Under Mr. Phillips’ skillful leadership, his 
commercial real estate firm was responsible for constructing some of the largest projects in the Jacksonville area. He has developed the five-building Meridian complex in Deerwood Park, the four-building Greystone Project, and the 214,000 square foot multi-phase Central Park development. These projects have added countless jobs to the Jacksonville community as well as contributed to the economic suc-cess of our Northeast Florida economy. 
NAIOP is one of the foremost commercial 
real estate industry organizations in the United States. It provides its members with numerous networking opportunities, educational pro-grams, industry innovations, and strong legis-lative representation for the commercial real estate community. NAIOP’s Lifetime Achieve-ment Award is one of the greatest honors that the organization can bestow. The award rec-ognizes those distinguished individuals for their lifetime work in the commercial real es-tate industry. 
Mr. Phillips is truly deserving of this very 
distinguished honor; and the First Coast is proud to count him among our own. His lifework exemplifies everything for which NAIOP’s Lifetime Achievement Award stands for. The Jacksonville business community is forever indebted to Mr. Phillips for his lifetime contributions. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the 
House to join me in this very special congres-sional salute to this Jacksonville Business leader, Philip B. Phillips. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, due to a death in 
my immediate family I was unable to be present for votes on the House floor the week of February 9, 2015. Below is an explanation of how I would have voted and why. 
I would have voted for H.R. 719, the TSA 
Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015 because the bill requires Transportation Secu-rity Administration Criminal Investigators to spend at least half of their time investigating individuals suspected of committing a crime. 
I would have voted for H.R. 720, the 
Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015 to ensure the Transportation Security Administration has adequate emergency plans 
in place to handle a shooting attack at an air-port. 
I would have voted for H.R. 431, to award 
a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Sol-diers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965. I am a cosponsor of the bill. 
I would have voted against S. 1, the Key-
stone XL Pipeline Approval Act because the bill allows a Canadian company to be exempt from paying its fair share into the Oil Spill Li-ability Trust Fund, which could leave tax-payers on the hook for an expensive clean-up in the event of an oil spill. Furthermore, the current planned route for the pipeline runs di-rectly over the Ogallala aquifer, putting at risk a critical freshwater supply. 
I would have voted for H.R. 644, the Fight-
ing Hunger Incentive Act of 2015 to encourage donations to charitable organizations. The bill would expand tax deductions for food dona-tions, property conservation donations, and charitable foundations. 
I would have voted for H.R. 636, the Amer-
ica’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015 because the bill is designed to help small businesses grow and create new jobs. This bill would facilitate investment in new equipment, new property, and technology upgrades for small businesses. Providing tax relief will help level the playing field for small businesses, which will stimulate economic growth and cre-ate jobs across the country. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR H.R. 431—CONGRES-
SIONAL GOLD MEDAL FOR SELMA FOOT SOLDIERS 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
stand today in strong support of H.R. 431, a bill that will bestow the Congressional Gold Medal upon the courageous Foot Soldiers who participated in ‘‘Bloody Sunday,’’ ‘‘Turnaround Tuesday,’’ and the final March from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama in 1965. 
As we commemorate the 50th anniversary 
of their displays of courage and determination, I am inspired by the thousands of citizens, from all walks of life—including my good friend and colleague, Congressman J
OHN LEWIS— 
who came together to march for equal voting rights for future generations. 
I commend these brave men and women for 
following their conviction and sacrificing their blood, sweat, and tears to bring about the change that this country so desperately need-ed. 
However, Mr. Speaker, our work is not yet 
done! 
It was only two years ago, when the Su-
preme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25FE8.001 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E246 February 25, 2015 
ruling Section 5 unconstitutional. Since this 
ruling, we have seen an unprecedented num-ber of bills introduced in state legislatures in-tended to restrict the precise right that the men and women we are honoring today fought to gain. 
Not only are minority and low-income Ameri-
cans’ voting rights under assault, but the per-sistent opportunity gaps in employment, edu-cation, life skills, and career preparation con-tinue to make the American Dream elusive for far too many Americans. 
We must follow the example of these brave 
Foot Soldiers, and continue to fight injustice and inequality to create economic opportuni-ties for everyone. 
f 
STEM EDUCATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I offer today 
my full support for H.R. 1020, the STEM Edu-cation Act of 2015. In an increasingly tech-nology-based world, businesses and other or-ganizations continue to invest in, and rely heavily upon, information technology (IT) to in-crease efficiency, reduce costs, and safeguard information. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statis-tics projects that the high tech industry will be among the fastest growing industries in the coming years. We must do more to ensure that our youth are properly prepared and edu-cated to compete in the job market of the fu-ture, so that the United States can continue to be an international innovation leader. Unfortu-nately, our education system has been slow to adapt to the growing demand for computer scientists and software engineers. By 2020, there will be an estimated 1.4 million computer programming jobs, with only 400,000 Amer-ican computer science students to fill those jobs. 
With globalization increasing competition for 
high paying jobs, I cannot stress enough the importance and value of a strong and innova-tive computer science education in today’s economy. Computer programming jobs are growing at twice the national average rate of job growth and computer science remains one of the highest paying college degrees, more than doubling the national median annual wage. These jobs also provide Americans with 
a living-wage and an opportunity to be finan-cially secure. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median annual wage in 2010 for computer programmers was $71,380 while the median annual wage was $33,840 for all workers. 
I support H.R. 1020, because it continues 
the push for STEM programs to better prepare our youth for the computer programming jobs of the future so that the United States can continue being a world leader in innovation. WELCOMING AUNJANUE ELLIS TO 
‘‘MOVING FORWARD AND SET-TING THE WORLD’’ 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
welcome Ms. Aunjanue Ellis to the annual Black History Month event ‘‘Moving Forward and Setting the World,’’ organized by the Canisius College Academic Talent Search Program. 
The Moving Forward and Setting the World 
event will feature the African-German Art Exhi-bition from Homestory, Germany to honor Black History Month. 
The Canisius College Academic Talent 
Search Program, the host of this event, has shaped positive impact on many Western New York communities. The program is among eight federally funded TRiO programs estab-lished under Title IV of the Higher Education act of 1965. The Academic Talent Search Pro-gram provides educational, social and career support services for individuals with disadvan-taged backgrounds in local schools and com-munity service organizations. 
Ms. Aunjanue Ellis, who I welcome to this 
event, is a famed actress who will star as the lead character in the 2015 miniseries ‘‘The Book of Negroes.’’ Ms. Ellis has also been a star in award winning films such as ‘‘The Help,’’ ‘‘Men of Honor,’’ and ‘‘Ray.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to welcome the accomplished Ms. Aunjanue Ellis. I ask you to join me in thank-ing Ms. Ellis for speaking at this valued local event. I wish Ms. Ellis continued success in her acting career, and to continually see Ms. Ellis in influential roles. 
f 
HONORING GONZALO ARROYO 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Gonzalo Arroyo for his nearly two decades of commitment to helping low-income and immigrant families in Aurora, Illinois, through his leadership of Family Focus Au-rora. 
Gonzalo began working at Family Focus’ 
Aurora Center in 1996, and has served as the director of the facility since 1998. During that time, he has helped countless families and in-dividuals through the organization’s many pro-grams, from counseling new parents to com-puter classes aimed at improving work skills. Under Gonzalo’s direction, Family Focus also has become a leader in providing guidance for recent immigrants looking to start a new chap-ter of their lives in Illinois. 
I would like to congratulate Gonzalo for his 
hard work and his commitment to Family Focus Aurora and the people of our commu-nity. Although Gonzalo’s leadership will be missed, I have no doubt that the work he has done and the lessons he has passed on will continue to serve and inspire the people of Aurora for many years to come. HONORING MARTINSVILLE CANDY 
KITCHEN OF MARTINSVILLE, IN 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, mom- 
and-pop businesses are a vital part of local economies. Martinsville Candy Kitchen, lo-cated in Martinsville, Indiana, is a primary ex-ample of a small, family-owned business that has maintained a tradition of community in-volvement and devotion to making quality products. The Candy Kitchen not only influ-ences the local economy but also serves as an important landmark in the Martinsville com-munity. 
The Martinsville Candy Kitchen has been in 
operation since 1919, producing 16 flavors of candy canes and other sweet treats. Over 30,000 candy canes are handmade in this shop every year. Considering that a batch takes more than 3 hours, we can understand the immensity of the task they take on each year. The owners of the business, Pam and John Badger, have been known to spend late nights in the kitchen working on large batches of candy canes. Therefore, I am proud to honor the Martinsville Candy Kitchen in this in-stallment of the 9th District’s ‘‘Hoosier Small Business Spotlight.’’ 
Following 95 years of business, the 
Martinsville Candy Kitchen continues to be a staple within the area in which it operates. People from all across Indiana visit the busi-ness to see candy canes being made during ‘‘pour times,’’ becoming a Christmas tradition for many families. In addition, the alleyway ad-
jacent to the shop has been officially named ‘‘Candy Cane Lane’’ in recognition of the Candy Kitchen’s presence in the community. 
The history of Martinsville Candy Kitchen 
begins with its founder, Jim Zapapas, who learned the candy trade in St. Louis before moving to Indianapolis in 1916. His business originated as a short-order restaurant, soda fountain, and candy shop two years later. Over time, the company has had several own-ers. In early 2004, Pam and John Badger bought the Candy Kitchen from Bob and Karen Boyce, who were on the verge of hav-ing to close the doors of their business. The Badgers decided to buy the company in order to keep the historic business as a living part of Martinsville. Balancing their time between working full-time jobs and owning a business, they demonstrated their dedication to the com-munity and the work ethic necessary to run a successful organization. 
The Badgers’ devotion to their customers 
and to the quality of their products has sus-tained their company’s legacy. Their efforts serve as a testimony to the longstanding suc-cess of their business. The Candy Kitchen has been a Martinsville attraction since opening over 95 years ago, and it will continue to be a significant landmark for years to come. 
f 
HONORING GUSTAVO SAMBRANO 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to rise today to recognize Mr. Gustavo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25FE8.004 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E247 February 25, 2015 
Sambrano, a native El Pasoan with a com-
mendable record of service to his community and our nation. 
Mr. Sambrano was born on March 26, 1932. 
He attended Bowie High School, a local insti-tution with a rich and distinguished history of overcoming adversity and a consistent dedica-tion to service. Mr. Sambrano was a proud member of the 1949 Texas state champion-ship baseball team. This team primarily con-sisted of economically disadvantaged, Mexi-can-American students from El Paso’s historic Segundo Barrio neighborhood. While traveling to Austin to play in the state championship, the team faced rampant racial discrimination. Upon arrival and against all odds, the Bears beat the most favored team in the state, the Austin Maroons. Mr. Sambrano would con-tinue to remain engaged with his teammates and participate in community initiatives throughout his lifetime. In 2006, the El Paso Baseball Hall of Fame recognized the accom-plishments of the team. Additionally, Sports Il-lustrated wrote a 2011 feature on the team further amplifying recognition of their profound accomplishment. 
Following graduation from high school in 
1950, Mr. Sambrano enlisted in the United States Air Force. Mr. Sambrano served honor-ably in numerous locations throughout the world to include England, Greenland, Italy, Korea, Spain and Thailand. 
Following retirement after 20 years of faith-
ful service from the U.S. Air Force, Mr. Sambrano attained a B.A from The University of Texas at El Paso. Mr. Sambrano continued to serve his local community as an educator with the El Paso Independent School District and his nation through federal civilian service in numerous capacities, with his career even-tually culminating in retirement from the De-fense Logistics Agency in Alexandria, Virginia. Following the completion of his civilian career, Mr. Sambrano once again returned home to El Paso, the community he held dearly. 
I thank Mr. Sambrano for being an honor-
able ambassador of our community to the world through his notable service. While his road to success was often filled with adversity, Mr. Sambrano represents the ambition, dedi-cation, perseverance and resilience that is so indicative of the many great El Pasoans I have the distinct privilege to represent. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 150TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and honor the University of Kentucky, which celebrates its sesquicentennial anniver-sary this month. As an original land grant re-search university and Kentucky’s flagship pub-lic institution of higher learning, UK is the cor-nerstone of education in the Commonwealth, having prepared graduates of exceptional quality and character for 150 years. 
With humble beginnings in 1865, the school 
began as the Agricultural and Mechanical Col-lege of Kentucky University. In the time since its founding, the University of Kentucky has maintained its traditional values while also ex-
tending and enhancing its multifaceted mission of teaching, research, service, and health care. The University of Kentucky has pro-gressed from its early innovative roots to be-come a vibrant and diverse place of develop-ment and potential. 
Its faculty, staff, students, and alumni are 
deeply devoted to the University’s central value of service to others. Students are civically engaged and most take advantage of the volunteer, leadership, service, and activ-ism opportunities on the University’s diverse and creative campus. 
The University of Kentucky now looks to the 
next 150 years of higher learning, innovative discovery, transformative outreach and sophis-ticated care, as it honors the legacy of those who established its campus, nurtured its early work, upheld and enhanced its mission in the present, and who will deliver a new century of promise in the future. Athletics have also been an important part of the school’s heritage, with the Kentucky Wildcats laying claim to more than 30 NCAA Championships and 270 con-ference titles across 22 intercollegiate sports. In particular, the University of Kentucky is home to the ‘‘Greatest Tradition in College Basketball’’ as the winningest program of all- time, in both the number of total wins and total win percentage. The Cats have also proven dominant in the postseason, with the most NCAA tournament appearances, the most tournament game wins, and eight national championships. 
There is no doubt that the University will 
continue to accrue both academic and athletic achievements into the 21st Century. I encour-age my colleagues to join in congratulating my alma mater, the University of Kentucky on this milestone. Kentuckians are proud of the progress this distinguished institution has made over the past 150 years in preparing our nation’s next generation of leaders for suc-cess, and look forward to seeing all of the prosperity that the next 150 years will bring. 
Go Cats. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
84 on H.R. 212, I am not recorded due to in-clement weather resulting in a travel delay. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
Aye. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GABRIELLE 
DEBINSKI AND MILLICENT ALLAN OF THE UNI-CAPITOL WASHINGTON INTERNSHIP PRO-GRAM 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, for decades 
the United States and Australia have shared a special union, being one of our nations closest 
cultural, economic, and security partners. I rise today to recognize a unique international ex-change program between our two nations: the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Program 
For the past 16 years, the Uni-Capitol Pro-
gram has paired students from Australia with offices on Capitol Hill. Since the program’s in-ception, more than 170 students, from 10 part-ner Australian universities located across 5 of the 6 Australian states and the Australian Capital Territory, have participated. The stu-dents in this program are the best and the brightest that Australia has to offer. They bring a unique perspective to the House and Senate offices that they serve—strengthening the spe-cial alliance between our two nations and fos-tering greater understanding and mutual re-spect between us. 
This year, it has been my pleasure to host 
two outstanding Australian students in my Washington office: Ms. Gabrielle Debinski and Ms. Millicent Allan. Gabrielle and Millicent are great examples of the high-caliber students this program provides Congressional offices. They both proved themselves to be very intel-ligent and hard working. Furthermore, they ex-celled in drafting correspondence to my con-stituents, researching legislative issues, and attending briefings, all while demonstrating a desire to learn about, and engage in, the im-portant policy issues facing our nation. 
Mr Speaker, I have no doubt that Gabrielle 
and Millicent will go on to do great things in their future. I wish them both all the very best, and the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Program many more years of continued suc-cess. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably 
detained on February 24, 2015 and missed roll call votes on H.R. 212 and H.R. 734. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call 84, and Yea on Roll Call number 85. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,141,409,083,212.36. We’ve 
added $7,514,532,034,299.28 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25FE8.003 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E248 February 25, 2015 
HONORING WILKINSON MIDDLE 
SCHOOL STUDENT TANNER BARNDOLLAR 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure that I rise to recognize an eighth grade student from my district, Tanner Barndollar, for his work in designing a mission patch that was recently flown to the Inter-national Space Station. Tanner attends Wilkinson Middle School in Madison Heights, Michigan. 
Mission patches have been used on NASA 
flights since the early days of the U.S. space program. The tradition was for the astronauts to design a patch to symbolize their flight. To this day, I remember the mission patch for the Apollo 11 flight to the Moon. The patch for that 
mission was designed by the pilot of the com-mand module, Michael Collins, and showed a bald eagle landing on the Moon carrying an olive branch in its talons. That patch became an iconic emblem of the first Moon landing. 
To this day, mission patches remain impor-
tant symbols of all NASA flights. The patch designed by Tanner Barndollar accompanied a microgravity experiment designed by four other Wilkinson students. Unfortunately, the first attempt to get this experiment and the mission patch up to the international space station failed when the unmanned rocket car-rying them exploded shortly after liftoff last Oc-tober. Fortunately, NASA was able to find space on another rocket to the space station that launched in January, and the Wilkinson microgravity experiment and Tanner’s mission patch were carried into orbit on that flight. 
Tanner’s patch shows his obvious pride in 
his country, community and school, as well as his fellow students’ participation in the Student Spaceflight Experiments Program. His design was selected from more than 51,000 student designs from around the country. 
I ask all of my colleagues to join me in rec-
ognizing Tanner Barndollar and all the other young Americans who participated in the NASA Student Spaceflight Experiments Pro-gram. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM WOLFE 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor William Wolfe for his excep-tional service to our nation and Missouri. Mr. Wolfe began his twenty years of military serv-ice with the United States Army at the age of seventeen. During his years in the Army, he served as a pilot in the Vietnam War and flew AH–1 Cobra helicopters in combat. Two Pur-ple Hearts were awarded to him for the wounds he endured during combat. He retired in 1980 at the rank of Captain. 
After having served in the military, he re-
turned home and began to explore different venues of business. He operated and owned a general store in Grandin, Missouri, for a number of years and in 1995 he formed a pri-vately held company in Gravois Mills, Mis-
souri, called Chevron Sierra Land Co. This company sells parcels of land in Carter, Rip-ley, Iron, Washington, Camden, and Morgan counties. 
William Wolfe’s service in the military has 
been truly admirable and his businesses have greatly benefited our Missouri community. It is my pleasure to recognize his achievements and service before the House of Representa-tives. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SALLY KNOWLES- 
JACKSON AND THE UNI-CAPITOL WASHINGTON INTERNSHIP PRO-GRAM 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, as one of 
our closest allies, the nation of Australia has stood steadfast with the United States as we tackle issues of great importance to both na-tions. Like any strong friendship, our bilateral relationship requires that we collaborate and exchange ideas. I have been fortunate to work with Ambassador Kim Beazley to foster com-merce between Connecticut and Australia, and have had the pleasure of hosting the Ambas-sador in my home state. And for many years, I have continued learning about Australia’s goals and priorities by hosting a series of intel-ligent, dedicated, and curious young profes-sionals in my office through the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Program. 
The program places 15 students of Aus-
tralia’s best and brightest students in intern-ships in Congressional offices, federal agen-cies, and committees to lend an able hand to office operations, learn about American gov-ernment, and serve as what they often call themselves: Unofficial Ambassadors. 
I would be remiss not to note that this im-
portant relationship would not be possible without the dedication of Mr. Eric Federing, who year after year shepherds a new genera-tion of Australian students into our nation’s capital. Over the course of its 16 years, the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Program has brought an impressive 170 students from 10 Australian universities to the United States Congress. 
This year I was privileged to have Sally 
Knowles-Jackson join our office from the Uni-versity of Melbourne where she is studying to be a lawyer. I would like to offer my sincere thanks to Sally for her hard work and dedica-tion. Curious and positive, she quickly ad-justed to the fast-paced life of a Congressional office and eagerly took on the tasks and re-sponsibilities of her position. While in the UniCapitol program, she has had the oppor-tunity to meet with officials from the Australian Embassy and the UN, attend briefings and hearings, meet with White House officials, members of the DC media, and learn the ins and outs of the Capitol building’s historic halls. Sally has been able to learn not only about life in D.C., but also about our constituents back home in Connecticut. 
When she returns to Melbourne next week 
it is my hope that Sally will bring with her an understanding of the American legislative process, knowledge of Washington, DC, and an appreciation for the enduring friendships 
our two nations have maintained. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to once more 
thank Eric, Sally, my colleagues who have also hosted their own Unofficial Australian Am-bassadors, as well as the nation of Australia for sharing in this truly one-of-a kind experi-ence. I look forward to welcoming future Uni- Capitol Washington Internship students into my office. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE BLOOMINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the centennial celebration of the Greater Bloomington Chamber of Com-merce. Since 1915, the Chamber of Com-merce has been a vital resource for the better-ment of business in the Bloomington, Indiana community. 
Over the past 100 years, the Greater 
Bloomington Chamber of Commerce has of-fered exceptional leadership opportunities, meaningful volunteer activities and exclusive business-building programs. The Chamber is the region’s principal advocate for business. By providing chief support for local and state-wide transportation projects, the development of public water resources and downtown revi-talization projects, the Chamber demonstrates itself as a forward-thinking organization that is deeply concerned about the well-being of the community. In addition, its workforce pre-paredness programming, aimed at the area’s large population of students and young profes-sionals, exhibits a commitment to building bet-ter business for future generations in Bloom-ington. 
Bloomington’s local economy has greatly 
benefited from the Chamber’s work over the past century. As a result of its efforts, the Indi-ana Chamber of Commerce named Bloom-ington its 2011 Chamber of Year and its 2014 Community of the Year. In 2012, the Chamber received the national Chamber of Year Award from the Association of Chamber of Com-merce Executives, an accomplishment that is a testament to its outstanding service to the business community. 
Mr. Speaker and colleagues, please join me 
in honoring the Greater Bloomington Chamber of Commerce for its tireless years of dedica-tion. I wish the Chamber continued success in its service to local business for the next 100 years. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIVES 
LOST DURING THE KHOJALY MASSACRE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
again ask my colleagues to join me in remem-bering the devastating atrocities that took place in Azerbaijani town of Khojaly on Feb-ruary 26, 1992. Thanks to Armenian and Com-monwealth of Independent States (CIS) forces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25FE8.009 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E249 February 25, 2015 
over the course of 22 hours, 613 civilian lives 
were lost. Innocent children, women and el-derly men were brutally murdered. 
Since this tragedy took place in the early 
1990’s, Azerbaijan has worked to heal and be-come a successful country, with a booming economy. As a result, the economy of Azer-baijan is the fastest growing among the CIS states. In the turbulent geopolitical region, Azerbaijan is a reliable partner of the United States. Moreover, Azerbaijan is a close ally and trade partner with another strong Amer-ican ally—Israel—in the region. 
Mr. Speaker, we must stand close by our al-
lies. That is why I urge my colleagues to rec-ognize the human tragedy that occurred in Azerbaijan 23 years ago. Please, join me and all of our Azerbaijani friends in commemo-rating the lives lost during the Khojaly mas-sacre. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS LEAGUE OF 
WOMEN VOTERS OF THE SAN BERNARDINO AREA FOR ITS 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to the League of Women Voters of the San Bernardino Area celebrating its 60th year anniversary. 
Irmagard Blum, Margaret Chandler, Sibyl 
Disch, Joan Fallert, Jane Hall, Sally Hartley, Jerry Keller, Jane Kotnerm, Ruther Kekkonen, Gerry Pico, Jackie Russler, and Nancy Smith founded the League of Women Voters of San Bernardino on March 17, 1955. The League of Women Voters of San Bernardino objective is to promote political participation amongst citi-zens, especially women, without partisan bias. The League of Women voters of San Bernardino continue their commitment to sup-port political action and advocacy. For its past 60 years, this organization has committed over six decades to support local services for vot-ers, from registration, serving as a witness, and partake in other acts to ensure citizen participation in and oversight of the election process. 
The League of Women Voters in San 
Bernardino Area educates citizens on issues and candidates, supports voter registration, and encourages citizens to create and imple-ment positive policy in Congress. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
ANDREW MARSHALL 
HON. J. RANDY FORBES 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recogni-
tion of Andrew Marshall, the recently retired Director of the Pentagon’s Office of Net As-sessment, and the more than 41 years of dis-tinguished and dedicated service that he has rendered to his office and his country. Always one to avoid the limelight and shun the rec-ognition he deserves, Mr. Marshall has quietly but ably served twelve different Secretaries of Defense and been appointed and reappointed 
to his long-held position by no fewer than eight U.S. Presidents—Republican and Demo-crat alike. His accomplishments as a practi-tioner and proponent of net assessment and truly strategic thinking have shaped U.S. pol-icy for decades and changed the way that generations of strategists and policymakers thought—and will continue to think—about de-fense. He has my thanks and those of a grate-ful nation. 
f 
PATRICK SULLIVAN TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Patrick Sullivan, Rio Grande County’s Road and Bridge Supervisor and the 2014 re-cipient of the Colorado Association of Road Supervisors and Engineers Supervisor of the Year Award. 
In addition to his 35 years with Rio Grande 
County, the glowing letters of recommendation he received from his community speak to Mr. Sullivan’s dedication. In addition to his duties as Road and Bridge Supervisor, he also serves as assistant fire chief for the Monte Vista Fire Department. He received rec-ommendations from the Colorado State Patrol and the SLV Hazardous Substance Board, who both emphasized his unflagging devotion to Rio Grande County. 
According to his coworkers, Mr. Sullivan 
goes above and beyond, and performs his du-ties with a commitment to excellence and dedication to his team. Their recommenda-tions and the nomination speak to the mutual commitment he and his team has to public safety and their community. For Mr. Sullivan, his duties are more than a job; they are a way to serve and strengthen his community. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Pat-
rick Sullivan. He is not only a hard working civil servant but a dedicated husband and fa-ther. His contributions have and will continue to make Rio Grande County a great place to live for those who call it home. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 84–85 due to a family emer-gency. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on #84 and yes on #85. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KYLEE 
MCCUMBER 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the work of the founder of Kylee’s Kare Kits for Kidz, Inc., Kylee McCumber. Cur-rently a 7th grader at Sky View Middle School 
in Leominster, Massachusetts, Kylee is an ex-ceptional young activist who began this non- profit organization at the age of 10 to help food insecure children in her school. 
In 2012, Kylee recognized that there were 
children going hungry on the weekends be-cause they didn’t have enough food to eat. Kylee started out with a goal to help 10 chil-dren per week by providing them with a ‘‘kare kit’’ of non-perishable food items to take home over the weekend. Today, Kylee, along with the help of her family and fellow classmates have been providing ‘‘kare kits’’ of non-perish-able food items to over 200 students every Friday. 
Last fall, as part of the Unilever Project Sun-
light program, Kylee traveled to Mumbai, India to film a commercial to raise awareness about child hunger. In the commercial Kylee states, ‘‘The enemy is hunger—not the hungry.’’ When asked why she does what she does, she simply states ‘‘It is better to give than re-ceive and I receive so much more than what I give. It is so important to be grateful for all we have and pay it forward when we can.’’ The work that Kylee is doing to end hunger is truly inspirational. She is a leader and role model. I am proud to represent Kylee, and I thank Kylee for her extraordinary service to the City of Leominster. I know that all of my colleagues in the House will join me in paying tribute to this remarkable young woman. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on February 24, 
2015 I was unable to be present and missed the following votes: 
On Roll Call vote 84, on Motion to Suspend 
the Rules and Pass, As Amended, H.R. 212, the Drinking Water Protection Act, I would have voted Yes. 
On Roll Call Vote 85, on Motion to Suspend 
the Rules and pass H.R. 734, the FCC Con-solidated Reporting Act of 2015, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. TERRY 
WAGONER ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Mrs. Terry Wagoner of Royal Oak, Michigan, on her retirement from William Beaumont Hospital after 44 years of dedicated service as a Registered Nurse. 
Mrs. Wagoner began her nursing career at 
Beaumont after graduating from Grace Nurs-ing School in Detroit, Michigan, in 1970. Her time at Beaumont spanned the hospital’s growth from a community hospital to one of the nation’s leading hospitals. 
Predominantly working with medical and 
geriatric patients throughout her career, Mrs. Wagoner’s kindness and compassion have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25FE8.013 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E250 February 25, 2015 
made her one of Beaumont’s top nurses and 
a mentor to the generations that have followed in her footsteps. Mrs. Wagoner’s dedication to the care and well-being of her patients often included taking care of the emotional needs of their family members. Holidays with her own family often included a family member of a pa-tient who had nowhere to go. 
Mrs. Wagoner has given tirelessly to William 
Beaumont Hospital, to her patients, to her col-leagues and to her family. I am proud to con-gratulate her on this accomplishment, and wish her well in a retirement that is so richly deserved. 
f 
THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF 
BROADCASTERS’ CONTRIBUTIONS TO THEIR LOCAL COMMUNITIES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to formally recognize the contribu-tion of broadcasters across the country and from my home state of Georgia. Every com-munity is impacted by broadcasters, the indi-viduals who have dedicated their lives to dis-seminating important information by radio and television. As north Georgia prepares for snow, ice and sleet today and tonight—broad-casters are my constituents’ go-to source for the latest on road conditions, power outages and school closings. We turn to broadcasters first—whether we are in our cars listening to the radio, or watching the news on television at home. 
There are over 500 local radio and tele-
vision stations in Georgia. In 2014 alone, local radio and television stations in Georgia pro-duced over 50,000 hours of original over-the- air news programming, representing an in-crease from 2013. Broadcasters have created over 85,000 jobs in Georgia and the radio and television industry had an economic impact on Georgia of over $39 billion in 2012. 
f 
COMMENDING THE CITY OF HAT-
TIESBURG FOR DECLARING THE MONTH OF MARCH AS MARCH FOR MEALS MONTH 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
offer my sincerest appreciation and admiration to the City of Hattiesburg, the Honorable Mayor Johnny Dupree, and all who were in-volved in declaring the month of March as March for Meals Month in Hattiesburg, Mis-sissippi. March for Meals commemorates the hard-work and selfless dedication of the MEALS ON WHEELS program, which brings hot meals to the homes of those in need. 
I especially want to acknowledge the men 
and women who volunteer and work tirelessly to ensure that the MEALS ON WHEELS pro-gram at Christian Services, Inc. is a success. The program has proven to be a valuable re-source to older adults and homebound individ-uals in the City of Hattiesburg and its sur-rounding areas. In 2014, over 78,000 meals 
were delivered through MEALS ON WHEELS. Providing hot meals everyday not only meets the physical needs of the elderly and home-bound but the smiles and kind words that MEALS ON WHEELS volunteers bring with each meal offer joy and hope with each deliv-ery. 
With the increasing need for programs to 
feed the homebound and seniors in our area, Christian Services has partnered with the City of Hattiesburg and the national MEALS ON WHEELS ‘‘No Senior Goes Hungry’’ campaign to raise awareness to the program and its contribution to the community. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional District of Mis-sissippi and the United States House of Rep-resentatives, I wish MEALS ON WHEELS con-tinued success in their valiant effort to help their fellow man and commend the City of Hat-tiesburg for declaring March to be March for Meals Month. 
f 
AUTISM SOCIETY OF AMERICA’S 
50TH YEAR CELEBRATION 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to call attention to the Autism Soci-ety of America’s 50th Year Celebration and commemorate the organization on five dec-ades of extraordinary service and effective ad-vocacy on behalf of the autism community. 
In 1964, concerned parents of children with 
autism—including Ruth Sullivan, Dr. Bernie Rimand and Dan Torisky—joined together to form what is now called the Autism Society of America. Continuing to implement the vision of its founders, the Society today is a grassroots organization that ensures parents have quality options and the supports necessary for their child to live and prosper in our communities. 
The Autism Society of America and its 104 
local and state affiliates work towards one goal: to help each individual with autism maxi-mize his or her quality of life. 
Having worked with the Society’s remark-
able president Scott Badesch—a tenacious and wise leader—I can attest to the dedication and commitment of the organization’s leader-ship, and its staff and volunteers. Each person who comes to the Autism Society gains the knowledge that accompanies 50 years of ex-perience to help ensure a life of dignity, re-spect and opportunity. 
The organization has played a critical role in 
the enactment of many landmark pieces of legislation for individuals with disabilities—in-cluding the three laws I have written that pro-vide federal resources for research, services and supports for children and adults with au-tism. 
Today, the Society’s mission and work has 
never been more important or more timely. We as a nation are in the midst of a huge yet largely invisible crisis that begs serious focus and durable remedies. 
I am referring to the aging out crisis. Every year, 50,000 young people on the au-
tism spectrum matriculate into adulthood and are in the process of losing essential services. Individuals with autism in the aging out gen-eration and their parents find themselves en-tering into a system unprepared to meet their 
needs, and one that disincentivizes the oppor-tunity and independence the Society has worked to achieve. 
With the strong support and hard work of 
the Society, last Congress, we enacted my Autism CARES Act which calls for an agency report that lays the foundation for better ad-dressing the aging out crisis. 
The Society provided extremely valuable 
input into my legislation, now P.L. 113–157, which authorizes $1.3 billion over five years to continue the critical pipeline of federal re-search dollars, and was the first piece of en-acted legislation to address aging out. The Au-tism CARES Act tasked multiple Federal agencies to provide a comprehensive study on the needs of autistic young adults and transitioning youth and how they can better shape policies and programs to meet these needs. 
This important law—like so many critical 
policy changes over the past 50 years—would not have been possible without the Autism So-ciety of America. 
I am so proud of and deeply grateful for the 
work of all of the volunteers and staff of the Autism Society of America and their affiliates. Thank you for your hard work and daily com-mitment to improving the lives of individuals with autism. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
85 on H.R. 734, I am not recorded due to in-clement weather resulting in a travel delay. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
WELCOMING ONA BROWN TO 
‘‘MOVING FORWARD AND SET-TING THE WORLD’’ 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
welcome Ms. Ona Brown to the annual Black History Month event ‘‘Moving Forward and Setting the World,’’ organized by the Canisius College Academic Talent Search Program. The Moving Forward and Setting the World event will feature the African-German Art Exhi-bition from Homestory, Germany to honor Black History Month. 
The Canisius College Academic Talent 
Search Program, the host of this event, has shaped a positive impact on many Western New York communities. The program is among eight federally funded TRiO programs established under Title IV of the Higher Edu-cation act of 1965. The Academic Talent Search Program provides educational, social and career support services for individuals with disadvantaged backgrounds in local schools and community service organizations. 
Ms. Ona Brown, whom I welcome to this 
event, has recently been named one of the top five speakers in the world by Toastmasters 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25FE8.020 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E251 February 25, 2015 
International. With more than fifteen years of 
public speaking experience Ms. Brown works with her consulting firm World Network Now to inspire and empower individuals around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to welcome the accomplished Ms. Ona Brown. I ask you to join me in thanking Ms. Brown for speaking at this valued local event. I wish Ms. Brown the best on her mission to change the lives of individuals across the globe. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KATHLEEN 
HODEL 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize an exemplary Arizonan, volunteer and fundraiser. Kathleen Hodel has become one of Lake Havasu City’s greatest assets over her 20-year career. During this time she has been involved with and served on the boards of some 18 community organizations. 
Two years ago, Kathy Hodel was diagnosed 
with an aggressive form of bone cancer. The irony of the situation that Kathy has spent years of her life fundraising for cancer re-search and cancer patients is not lost. She still continues fundraising and is an active member of her community. 
Some of Ms. Hodel’s most lasting efforts 
can be attributed to the fundraising she has done on behalf of Mohave Community College Foundation, resulting in a new library, class-room buildings, and scholarships for students. 
Her list of achievements and awards is long 
and well-deserved. Most recently, in Novem-ber of 2014, Kathy Hodel was recognized by the Greater Arizona Chapter of the Associa-tion of Fundraising Professionals with the Spir-it of Philanthropy Award at the 30th Annual Leadership in Philanthropy Awards Dinner. 
It is my honor to commend Kathy Hodel for 
being such a shining beacon of positive influ-ence and selflessness in the Mohave County community. She is an example to us all of what can be achieved with hard work, deter-mination, enthusiasm and compassion. Kathy, we thank you for your lifetime of service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL WILLIAM B. 
WALKUP—TENNESSEE AIR NA-TIONAL GUARD 
HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Colonel William B. Walkup, Com-mander of the Tennessee National Guard’s 118th Wing, Mission Support Group. 
After 32 years of dedicated service to our 
state and country, Colonel Walkup has an-nounced his retirement, effective April 18, 2015. 
Through the numerous roles and positions 
of leadership, Colonel Walkup has made a lasting impact on the guardsmen of the 118th Wing and our state’s Air National Guard. Over the past three decades, Colonel Walk-
up was a Squadron Navigator, Chief of Cur-rent Operations, Chief Navigator, Operations Support Squadron Commander, Aircraft Main-tenance Squadron Commander and Mainte-nance Group Commander. Colonel Walkup has participated in deployments to the Middle East, Europe, Central and South America, and Southwest Asia. He has flown combat and support missions in Somalia, Bosnia and Southwest Asia. 
While deployed abroad during Operation 
Iraqi Freedom, Colonel Walkup served as the 485th Deputy Maintenance Group Com-mander, in charge of the largest C–130 contin-gent in the war with 46 assigned aircrafts. In addition, Colonel Walkup served as the 486th and 332nd Maintenance Group Commander, during which he successfully lead over two hundred members in humanitarian, logistics and aircraft maintenance support with deploy-ments to Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Kuwait for Operation En-during Freedom, Operation Joint Forge, the Global War on Terrorism, and Operation Uni-fied Response. 
Colonel Walkup’s success as a guardsman 
is the product of hard work, an exceptional level of dedication, and a love for country that is unparalleled. 
Mr. Speaker, this recognition is certainly 
well-deserved and is a testament to the her-oism and dedication to duty that has marked Colonel Walkup’s exemplary service in the Tennessee Air National Guard. I, along with the citizens of a grateful state and nation, ex-tend a heartfelt thanks for his outstanding service to this great country and wish him the very best upon his retirement. 
f 
THE MEDICAID PHYSICIAN SELF– 
REFERRAL ACT OF 2015 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce the Medicaid Physician Self-Re-ferral Act of 2015. This bill makes a necessary clarification to Section 1902 of the Social Se-curity Act. It provides that Medicaid designated health services claims are subject to the same requirements as Medicare designated health services claims under the Physician Self-Re-ferral Law. 
Currently, there is uncertainty among stake-
holders regarding the extent to which the re-quirements of the Physician Self-Referral Law apply to Title XIX of the Social Security Act. As a result, an important tool for fighting fraud in the healthcare system—which has success-fully been employed for many years in the Medicare program—is underutilized in the Medicaid context. Congressional action is needed to provide legislative clarity that will strengthen the integrity of the Medicaid pro-gram in this area. 
Health care providers subject to the Physi-
cian Self-Referral Law should not be able to avoid penalties simply because a claim is a Medicaid claim rather than a Medicare claim. Both programs involve taxpayer money and we need to ensure that law enforcement offi-cials have the tools they need to combat fraud, waste, and abuse. Although the law has long provided that the 
Medicaid and Medicare programs are on equal footing with respect to the Physician Self-Re-ferral Law, this bill leaves no doubt that Con-gress intends this to be the case. 
f 
HONORING LARRY SHARP 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor the life and legacy of Larry Sharp, a community leader from California’s Inland Em-pire. Over the course of his career, Larry Sharp was a consistent advocate for working families. From his leadership on crucial eco-nomic projects, to his devotion to public edu-cation, to his dedication to support local busi-nesses, Larry was an integral part of our com-munity. 
While Larry was the successful CEO and 
President of Arrowhead Credit Union, he was better known in the community as a leader, activist, father, and grandfather. He was a true community leader, never failing to stand up and defend his friends or neighbors when they were in need. During one of the most difficult times in recent memory, the 2008 economic crisis, Larry was at the forefront of helping In-land Empire residents facing housing and fi-nancial challenges. He worked with Repub-licans and Democrats at all levels of govern-ment, as long as it meant he was working on behalf of his community. 
Larry was a leader, an advocate, but most 
importantly—he was a dear friend and mentor. He served his community for decades, and we are so much better for it. He will be dearly missed by his wife Cassie, five children, four grandchildren, and the entire Inland Empire Community. We will always be indebted to him for his devotion and work that bettered the lives of San Bernardino County’s working fam-ilies. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND MED-
ICAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF DR. JOHN SHEA, JR. 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and medical contributions of re-nowned surgeon, innovator and ‘‘father of mid-dle-ear surgery,’’ Memphian Dr. John Shea, Jr. A graduate of the University of Notre Dame and Harvard Medical School, Dr. Shea served in the Korean War before returning to Mem-phis and taking over his father’s medical prac-tice in 1952. Two years later, he traveled to Vienna, Austria where he began extensive re-search into otosclerosis that would lead to his inventing the world’s first prosthetic stapes— the tiny stirrup-shaped bone in the middle ear—and performing the groundbreaking stapedectomy procedure, which has since been used by doctors worldwide. 
While in Vienna, he read German manu-
scripts on otosclerosis, which is a condition of the inner ear that causes calcification of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25FE8.007 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E252 February 25, 2015 
stapes and is considered a leading cause of 
deafness. Although the medical community ended surgical attempts to address this condi-tion 50 years earlier, Dr. Shea had a vision to combat this cause of deafness in middle-aged adults by replacing the calcified bone with a prosthetic. While many of his colleagues ques-tioned the procedure as dangerous, Dr. Shea was convinced through his research that the revolutionary surgery would work. On May 1, 1956, he successfully performed the first stapedectomy and went on to repeat the pro-cedure nearly 50,000 times during his career before retiring in 2011. 
In addition to inventing the prosthetic stapes 
and developing the stapedectomy, Dr. Shea contributed to otology surgical instruments, in-cluding drills and microscopes, and intratympanic perfusion treatment for Meniere’s disease or spontaneous vertigo. His ingenuity earned him a spot on the London Times list of ‘‘1,000 Makers of the Twentieth Century’’ and a 1962 featured cover article in Life magazine as one of five people who were recognized as part of ‘‘The Takeover Genera-tion.’’ In 2013, he donated 406 papers, includ-ing over 300 published articles, documenting his life’s work to the local Memphis Public Li-brary’s Memphis Room. Dr. Shea belonged to more than 50 scientific societies, and was a clinical professor in the otolaryngology depart-ments of the University of Tennessee, the Uni-versity of Mississippi, the University of North Carolina and Tulane University. Additionally, he received honorary doctorates from Mem-phis schools Christian Brothers University and Rhodes College, and an honorary fellowship from the Australian and English Royal College of Surgeons. 
In 1985, Dr. Shea opened the Shea Ear 
Clinic at Poplar and Ridgeway in Memphis where his son, Dr. Paul Shea, continues the family practice today. Dr. Shea, Jr. was a pio-neer in the field of otology and a legendary doctor who helped usher in a new era of treat-ment. He came from one family of physicians and leaves behind another. My father, Dr. Morris D. Cohen, taught me about Dr. Shea, Sr. and Jr. and always spoke admiringly of them and their level of professionalism. While many Memphis physicians have received na-tional acclaim, none have been more re-nowned than Dr. John Shea, Jr. Memphis will miss Dr. John Shea, Jr., and I send my con-dolences to his wife Lynda Lee Mead; sons Paul and Dr. John Shea III (private practice otologist); daughters Susanna Shea and Wendy Canarios; seven grandchildren and three great grandchildren; and his friends and loved ones. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the life and medical contributions of Dr. John Shea, Jr. His was a life well-lived. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN FLEMING 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to 
be in Washington for votes on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 24, 2015. Winter weather conditions in Northern Louisiana caused my flight to be cancelled. Had I been in attendance, I would have voted NAY on H.R. 212 and AYE on H.R. 734. HONORING DR. ERNO DANIEL 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor the memory of Dr. Erno Scipiades Dan-iel who passed away on February 21, 2015. Dr. Daniel was a devoted and renowned phy-sician in our local community of Santa Bar-bara, California and although he has passed, his legacy will remain with us for years to come. 
Dr. Daniel was born on December 15, 1946 
in Budapest, Hungary and as a child lived through the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. As a teenager he immigrated to the United States with his mother and sister to reunite with his father who left for the U.S. a decade earlier. In 1964, Dr. Daniel not only earned his Amer-ican citizenship, but also a high school di-ploma from Santa Barbara High School. He continued his studies at the California Institute of Technology earning an undergraduate de-gree in chemistry, later receiving a master’s degree and PhD from the University of Cali-fornia, San Diego. An outstanding and hard-working student, Dr. Daniel then graduated from medical school at the University of Cali-fornia, Los Angeles, where he also completed his residency in internal medicine. 
Dr. Daniel is known as a dedicated and dis-
tinguished physician throughout our commu-nity where he practiced at the local Sansum Clinic since 1978. Later in his life he also served as the medical director of the Vista del Monte Rehabilitation and Care Center, was on the medical and scientific advisory board of the Center for Cognitive Fitness and Innova-tive Therapies of Santa Barbara, and devoted his time at Santa Barbara’s Cottage Hospital teaching in the internal medicine residency program. Known for his expertise in geriatric medicine, Dr. Daniel established himself as a leading educator in dementia and Alzheimer’s disease. He traveled across the United States lecturing on these diseases and was the au-thor of a variety of educational sources dis-cussing the topic. 
Not only was Dr. Daniel a brilliant physician, 
but also a loving husband, father, and grand-father. Married to the love of his life for over 38 years, there was nothing that brought him greater happiness than his family. His medical legacy and kindness towards others will live on through both his family and the numerous patients whose lives he touched throughout his professional career. He will be greatly missed by his colleagues, patients, family, and the greater Santa Barbara community. 
I offer my heartfelt condolences to Dr. Dan-
iel’s family and friends, and ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this exemplary citizen and member of the Santa Barbara community. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-
mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
February 26, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 3 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of Commerce and the Department of Transportation. 
SR–253 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine a review of 
the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SH–216 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine Federal Re-
serve accountability and reform. 
SD–538 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-
tional Interest 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
United States citizenship and immigra-tion services, focusing on ensuring angency priorities comply with the law. 
SD–226 
MARCH 4 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2016 for the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior. 
SD–124 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine wasteful du-
plication in the Federal government. 
SD–608 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security 
To hold hearings to examine surface 
transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on oversight and reform of the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion. 
SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25FE8.012 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E253 February 25, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Inspector General Em-powerment Act of 2015’’, S. 280, to im-prove the efficiency, management, and interagency coordination of the Fed-eral permitting process through re-forms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, H.R. 460, to direct the Secretary of Home-land Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and re-sponsibilities, H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Presidential Library Donations Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fed-eral Vehicle Repair Costs Savings Act’’, S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evalua-tion (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emer-gency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials inci-dents involving railroads, S. 242, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal em-ployee who is a veteran with a service- connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, S. 86, to amend title 44 of the United States Code, to provide for the suspen-sion of fines under certain cir-cumstances for first-time paperwork violations by small business concerns, and S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as pref-erence eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine whistle-
blower retaliation at the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, focusing on im-proving protections and oversight. 
SD–226 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. 
SD–G50 10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for 
fiscal year 2016 for the Navy and Ma-rine Corps. 
SD–192 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. 
SD–192 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel 
To hold hearings to examine the Active, 
Guard, Reserve, and civilian personnel programs in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 438, to 
provide for the repair, replacement, and maintenance of certain Indian irri-gation projects. 
SD–628 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine the Eco-
nomic Report of the President 2015. 
SD–106 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States nuclear weapons policy, pro-grams, and strategy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 5 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the postures 
on the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine opportuni-
ties for the United States to build on its status as an Arctic nation for the betterment of the nation and those who live in the Arctic. 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine America’s 
health information technology (IT) transformation, focusing on trans-
lating the promise of electronic health records into better care. 
SD–430 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from the American Veterans, Para-lyzed Veterans of America, Military Of-ficers Association of America, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Iraq and Af-ghanistan Veterans of America, Viet-nam Veterans of America, Blinded Vet-erans Association, and the National 
Council on Aging. 
CHOB–345 
MARCH 12 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To receive a closed briefing on missile 
defense programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SVC–217 
MARCH 17 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
technological innovation related to the electric grid. 
SD–366 
MARCH 18 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from multiple veterans service organi-zations. 
SD–G50 
MARCH 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine manage-
ment reforms to improve forest health and socioeconomic opportunities on the nation’s forest system. 
SD–366 
MARCH 25 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M25FE8.000 E25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D173 Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1085–S1126. 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-one bills and three 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 555–575, and S. Res. 85–87.
                                            Pages S1117–18 
Measures Passed: 
Centennial of the Navy Reserve: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 86, recognizing March 3, 2015, as the cen-tennial of the Navy Reserve.
                        Pages S1123–24 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act—Agreement: Senate continued consider-
ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015. 
                                             Pages S1085, S1090–99, S1099–S1109 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
The motion to proceed to the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on February 5, 2015, was agreed to.
                      Page S1104 
The motion to reconsider the vote by which clo-
ture was not invoked on February 5, 2015, was agreed to.
                                                                       Page S1104 
By 98 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. 58), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S1105 
Subsequently, the third motion to invoke cloture 
on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill was rendered moot.
                                                   Page S1105 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 11 a.m., on Thursday, February 26, 2015, and that all time during the adjournment or recess of the Senate count against post-cloture time. 
                                                                                            Page S1124 Appointments: 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the 
President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appointed the following Member to serve on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Senator Rubio. 
                                                                                            Page S1124 
Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Cen-
ter for the Performing Arts: The Chair, on behalf 
of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, appointed the following individual to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Senator Blunt.
                                                                              Page S1124 
Congressional Award Board: The Chair, on be-
half of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appointed the following individual to the Congressional Award Board: Sen-ator Manchin vice The Honorable Max Baucus of Montana.
                                                                        Page S1124 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency with respect to Cuba and of the emergency authority relating to the regulation of the anchorage and movement of vessels, as amended; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–7)
                                                                            Page S1116 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Manage-ment). 
Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, to be an As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury. 
Willie E. May, of Maryland, to be Under Sec-
retary of Commerce for Standards and Technology. 
Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illinois, to be a Deputy 
Under Secretary of the Treasury. 
Katherine Simonds Dhanani, of Florida, to be 
Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D25FE5.REC D25FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D174 February 25, 2015 
Sheila Gwaltney, of California, to be Ambassador 
to the Kyrgyz Republic. 
Mickey D. Barnett, of New Mexico, to be a Gov-
ernor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2020. 
Cono R. Namorato, of Virginia, to be an Assistant 
Attorney General. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 4 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army, Marine Corps, and 
Navy.
                                                                       Pages S1125–26 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1116 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1116 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1116–17 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S1117 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1118–20 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1120–23 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1115–16 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1123 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—58)                                                                    Page S1105 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:23 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Thursday, February 26, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1124.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: AIR FORCE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force, after receiving testi-mony from Deborah Lee James, Secretary, and Gen-eral Mark A. Welsh, Chief of Staff, both of the Air Force, Department of Defense. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee adopted its 
rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
MILITARY COMPENSATION AND 
RETIREMENT MODERNIZATION COMMISSION 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-
sonnel concluded a hearing to examine healthcare recommendations of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission, after receiv-ing testimony from Alphonso Maldon, Jr., Chair-man, and Stephen E. Buyer, Michael R. Higgins, 
General Peter W. Chiarelli, USA (Ret.), Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., USN (Ret.), each a Commissioner, all of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission, Department of Defense; Vice Admiral Norbert R. Ryan, Jr., USN (Ret.), Military Officers Association of America, Joyce W. Raezer, National Military Family Associa-tion, and Thomas J. Snee, Fleet Reserve Association, all of Alexandria, Virginia; and Major General Gus L. Hargett, Jr., ARNG (Ret.), National Guard Asso-ciation of the United States, Washington, D.C. 
REGIONAL NUCLEAR DYNAMICS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine regional nuclear dynamics, after receiving testimony from An-drew F. Krepinevich, Center for Strategic and Budg-etary Assessments, Matthew Kroenig, Georgetown University, and George Perkovich, and Ashley J. Tellis, both of the Carnegie Endowment for Inter-national Peace, all of Washington, D.C. 
AMERICA’S DEBT 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-
ing to examine America’s debt, after receiving testi-mony from Laurence J. Kotlikoff, Boston University, Boston, Massachusetts; Heather Pfitzenmaier, The Heritage Foundation, Washington, D.C.; and Bruce Bartlett, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy, Great Falls, Virginia. 
INTERNET GOVERNANCE 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine pre-serving the multistakeholder model of Internet gov-ernance, after receiving testimony from Lawrence E. Strickling, Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information, National Tele-communications and Information Administration; Fadi Chehade, Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, Los Angeles, California; and David A. Gross, Wiley Rein LLP, Washington, D.C. 
MAP–21 REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) reauthorization, focusing on perspectives from owners, operators, and users of the system, after receiving testimony from Carlos M. Braceras, Utah Department of Transportation Executive Director, Salt Lake City, on behalf of the American Associa-tion of State Highway and Transportation Officials; Steve Heminger, Metropolitan Transportation Com-mission, San Francisco, California; Thomas J. Rior-dan, Neenah Enterprises, Inc., Neenah, Wisconsin, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D175 February 25, 2015 
on behalf of the National Association of Manufactur-
ers; Dave Gardner, Ingredion Incorporated, Chicago, Illinois, on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce; and Walt Rowen, Susquehanna Glass Co., Lancaster, Pennsylvania. 
FIGHT AGAINST ISIS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on building the coalition and ensuring military effectiveness, after receiving testimony from General John R. Allen, (USMC, Ret.), Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, Department of State. 
21ST CENTURY REGULATORY SYSTEM 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine a 
21st century regulatory system, after receiving testi-mony from Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, and Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy In-stitute, both of Washington, D.C.; Jerry Ellig, George Mason University Mercatus Center, Arling-ton, Virginia; and Sally Katzen, New York Univer-sity School of Law, New York, New York. BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of certain 
property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corpora-tion located in Bethel, Alaska; 
S. 321, to revoke the charter of incorporation of 
the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe; and 
S. 501, to make technical corrections to the Nav-
ajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mex-ico. 
INDIAN PROGRAMS BUDGET 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for Indian programs, after receiving testimony from Kevin Washburn, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for In-dian Affairs; Yvette Roubideaux, Senior Advisor to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for American Indians and Alaska Natives; and Rodger J. Boyd, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Office of Public and Indian Housing, Office of Native American Programs. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 38 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1055–1092; and 4 resolutions, H. 
Res. 124–127, were introduced.                 Pages H1162–64 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1165–66 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 125, providing for further consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local ac-countability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–29).
                                                           Page H1162 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Hardy to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1119 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:17 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H1121 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Tierian Cash, National Chaplain for the American Legion, Longs, South Carolina.
                                                                         Page H1121 Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H1121, H1142 
Amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans: The House passed H.R. 529, 
to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove 529 plans, by a recorded vote of 401 ayes to 20 noes, Roll No. 90.
                                     Pages H1135–42 
Rejected the Ted Lieu (CA) motion to recommit 
the bill to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 176 yeas to 243 nays, Roll No. 89.
   Pages H1139–41 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                            Page H1135 
H. Res. 121, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 529) and (H.R. 5), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 87, after the previous question was ordered by a yea- and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 86. 
                                                                                    Pages H1126–34 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D176 February 25, 2015 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Tuesday, February 24th: 
STEM Education Act of 2015: H.R. 1020, to de-
fine STEM education to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation, by a 2/3 yea-and- nay vote of 412 yeas to 8 nays, Roll No. 88. 
                                                                                            Page H1135 
Announcement by the Chair: The Speaker ad-
dressed the Members on matters of decorum in the House.
                                                                             Page H1141 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
124, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H1142 
Student Success Act: The House began consider-
ation of H.R. 5, to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, and inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools. Further proceedings were postponed.
                                                             Pages H1142–50 
H. Res. 121, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 529) and (H.R. 5), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 87, after the previous question was ordered by a yea- and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 86. 
                                                                                    Pages H1126–34 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:42 p.m. and recon-
vened at 9:56 p.m.                                                    Page H1161 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared on March 1, 1996, with respect to the Government of Cuba’s destruction of two unarmed U.S.-registered civilian aircraft in international airspace north of Cuba on February 24, 1996, as amended and expanded on February 26, 2004, is to continue in effect beyond March 1, 2015—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–12). 
                                                                                            Page H1161 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and two recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H1133–34, H1134, H1135, H1140–41, and H1141–42. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:57 p.m. Committee Meetings 
REVIEW OF THE SNAP PROGRAM 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing to review the past, present and future of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
APPROPRIATIONS—QUALITY OF LIFE IN 
THE MILITARY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on quality of life in the military. Testimony was heard from Command Sergeant Major Daniel A. Dailey, United States Army; Master Chief Petty Officer Michael D. Ste-vens, United States Navy; Sergeant Major Ronald Green, United States Marine Corps; and Chief Mas-ter Sergeant James A. Cody, United States Air Force. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
AGRICULTURE, OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Agriculture, Office of the Secretary budget. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agriculture officials: Thomas Vilsack, Secretary; Robert Johansson, Chief Economist; and Michael Young, Budget Officer. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on Internal Revenue Service oversight. Testimony was heard from J. Russell George, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, Department of the Treasury; and Nina E. Olson, National Taxpayer Ad-vocate, Internal Revenue Service. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing on Department of Health and Human Serv-ices budget. Testimony was heard from Sylvia Burwell, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT 
OF COMMERCE, AND NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Justice, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D177 February 25, 2015 
Commerce, and National Aeronautics and Space Ad-
ministration oversight. Testimony was heard from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, Department of Justice; Todd J. Zinser, Inspector General, De-partment of Commerce; and Paul K. Martin, Inspec-tor General, National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE 
INTERIOR 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of the Interior budget. Testi-mony was heard from Sally Jewell, Secretary, Depart-ment of the Interior; and Mike Connor, Deputy Sec-retary, Department of the Interior. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Housing and Urban Development budget. Testi-mony was heard from Julian Castro, Secretary, De-partment of Housing and Urban Development. 
APPROPRIATIONS—HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES, GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, AND UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-
tive Branch held a hearing on House of Representa-tives, Government Accountability Office, and United States Capitol Police budgets. Testimony was heard from Ed Cassidy, Chief Administrative Officer, House of Representatives; Karen L. Haas, Clerk, House of Representatives; Paul D. Irving, Sergeant at Arms, House of Representatives; Gene Dodaro, Comptroller General, Government Accountability Office; and Kim Dine, Chief of Police, United States Capitol. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
STATE AND FOREIGN OPERATIONS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a hearing on Department of State and Foreign Oper-ations budget. Testimony was heard from John Kerry, Secretary, Department of State. 
HOW IS DOD RESPONDING TO EMERGING 
SECURITY CHALLENGES IN EUROPE? 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘How Is DOD Responding to Emerging Security Challenges in Europe?’’. Testi-mony was heard from General Philip Breedlove, USAF, Commander, Supreme Allied Command Eu-rope and U.S. European Combatant Command; and 
Christine Wormuth, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY FISCAL YEAR 
2015 BUDGET REQUEST FOR SEAPOWER AND PROJECTION FORCES 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Department of the Navy Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Request for Seapower and Projection Forces’’. Testimony was heard from Sean J. Stackley, Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition); Vice Admiral Joseph P. Mulloy, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, Integration of Capabilities and Resources; and Lieutenant General Kenneth Glueck, Jr., USMC, Deputy Commandant for Combat Development, and Integration, and Commanding General, Marine Corps Combat Devel-opment Command. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
INVESTMENTS AND PROGRAMS: SUPPORTING CURRENT OPERATIONS AND PLANNING FOR THE FUTURE THREAT ENVIRONMENT 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Information Technology Investments and Programs: Supporting Current Operations and Planning for the Future Threat Environment’’. Testimony was heard from Terry Halvorsen, Acting Department of De-fense Chief Information Officer; Lieutenant General Robert S. Ferrell, United States Army, Chief Infor-mation Officer/G–6; Lt Gen William J. Bender, United States Air Force, Chief, Information Domi-nance and Chief Information Officer; John Zangardi, Acting Department of the Navy Chief Information Officer, and Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Command, Control, Communications, Com-puters, Intelligence, Information Operations and Space; and Brigadier General Kevin J. Nally, United States Marine Corps, Director, Command, Control, Communications, and Computers (C4)/Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Marine Corps. 
MEMBERS’ DAY 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, and Representatives Nugent, Schweikert, Edwards, Wilson of South Carolina, Larsen of Washington, Gabbard, Foster, Hill, Salmon, Esty, Beatty, Barr, Posey, Kildee, Schakowsky, Jackson Lee, McGovern, Hoyer, Love, Hahn, Takai, Amodei, and Mooney of West Vir-ginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D178 February 25, 2015 
THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 EPA BUDGET 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power; and Subcommittee on Environ-ment and the Economy, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2016 EPA Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
THE UNCERTAIN FUTURE OF THE 
INTERNET 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Uncertain Future of the Internet’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
MONETARY POLICY AND THE STATE OF 
THE ECONOMY 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’. Testimony was heard from Janet Yellen, Chair of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System. 
ADVANCING U.S. INTERESTS IN A 
TROUBLED WORLD: THE FY 2016 FOREIGN AFFAIRS BUDGET 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests in a Troubled World: The FY 2016 Foreign Affairs Budget’’. Testimony was heard from John F. Kerry, Secretary of State, Department of State. 
EXAMINING THE PRESIDENT’S 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHARING PROPOSAL 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the President’s Cyber-security Information Sharing Proposal’’. Testimony was heard from Suzanne Spaulding, Under Secretary, National Protection and Programs Directorate, De-partment of Homeland Security; Phyllis Schneck, Deputy Under Secretary, Cybersecurity and Commu-nications, National Protection and Programs Direc-torate, Department of Homeland Security; and Eric Fischer, Senior Specialist, Science and Technology, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress. 
THE UNCONSTITUTIONALITY OF OBAMA’S 
EXECUTIVE ACTIONS ON IMMIGRATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Unconstitutionality of Obama’s Executive Actions on Immigration’’. Testi-mony was heard from Adam Laxalt, Attorney Gen-eral of Nevada; and public witnesses. A REVIEW OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY’S POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR THE APPREHENSION, DETENTION, AND RELEASE OF NON- CITIZENS UNLAWFULLY PRESENT IN THE UNITED STATES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the De-partment of Homeland Security’s Policies and Proce-dures for the Apprehension, Detention, and Release of Non-Citizens Unlawfully Present in the United States’’. Testimony was heard from Scott R. Jones, Sheriff, Sacramento County Sheriff’s Department; and public witnesses. 
PREVENTING ANOTHER MH370: SETTING 
INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS FOR AIRLINE FLIGHT TRACKING 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Another MH370: Set-ting International Standards for Airline Flight 
Tracking’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher A. Hart, Acting Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; Michael A. Lawson, Ambassador, United States Mission to the International Civil Aviation Organization; and a public witness. 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule providing for further consideration of H.R. 5 under a structured rule. The rule provides no additional general debate. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–8, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, shall be con-sidered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by its proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D179 February 25, 2015 
rule waives all points of order against the amend-
ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Scott of Virginia, Pocan, Jeffries, DeSaulnier, Garrett, Maxine Waters of California, Dold, Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Sewell of Alabama, Col-lins of Georgia, Polis, Bridenstine, Jackson Lee, Gib-son, Butterfield, Walker, Tonko, Richmond, Titus, Bera, Castro of Texas, and Lawrence. 
AN OVERVIEW OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY’S BUDGET PROPOSAL FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Department of Energy’s Budget Proposal for Fiscal Year 2016’’. Testimony was heard from Ernest Moniz, Secretary, Department of Energy. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 1030, the ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1029, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’. H.R. 1030 and H.R. 1029 were both ordered re-ported, as amended. 
THE SBA BUDGET FOR FY 2016: DOES IT 
MEET THE NEEDS OF AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES? 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The SBA Budget for FY 2016: Does it Meet the Needs of America’s Small Busi-nesses?’’. Testimony was heard from Maria Contreras- Sweet, Administrator, Small Business Administra-tion. 
PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET 
REQUEST FOR COAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPORTATION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral Paul F. Zukunft, Commandant, United States Coast Guard; Paul ‘‘Chip’’ N. Jaenichen, Sr., Administrator, Maritime Administra-tion; and Mario Cordero, Chairman, Federal Mari-time Commission. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING; 
MAINTAINING THE DISABILITY INSURANCE TRUST FUND’S SOLVENCY 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-
cial Security held an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress and a hearing on maintaining the 
Disability Insurance Trust Fund’s solvency. The sub-committee successfully organized. Testimony was heard from Charles P. Blahous III, Public Trustee, Social Security and Medicare Boards of Trustees; and public witnesses. 
WORLD WIDE THREATS 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATION OF THE AMERICAN LEGION 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee con-
cluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative pres-entation of the American Legion, after receiving tes-timony from Michael D. Helm, The American Le-gion, Washington, D.C. 
SERBIA’S OSCE LEADERSHIP 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission concluded a hearing to examine Serbia’s leadership of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), focusing on priorities and insights regarding the ongoing work of the OSCE, after receiving testimony from First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Chairman-in-Office of the OSCE, Ivica Dacic, Bel-grade, Serbia. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
FEBRUARY 26, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Com-merce, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: to resume hearings to ex-
amine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi-
ness meeting to consider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Forest Service, 9:45 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-
sider an original bill entitled, ‘‘End Modern Slavery and Trafficking Initiative Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D180 February 25, 2015 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine medical and public health pre-paredness and response, focusing on future threats, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, S. 166, to stop exploitation through trafficking, and the nominations of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be At-torney General, Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Alfred H. Bennett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., each to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, Thomas L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, Patricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Virginia, and Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of Columbia, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for Veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2017 advance appropriations request, 9:30 a.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Nutrition, 
hearing to better understand the SNAP population through published research, 1 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development, hearing on Department of En-ergy budget, 9:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture, Food Safety and Inspection Service budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on United States 
Navy budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, 
and Education, oversight hearing on the vital responsi-bility of serving the nation’s aging and disabled commu-nities, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies, hearing on Environmental Protection Agency budget, 1 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies, hearing on Depart-ment of Transportation budget, 1 p.m., 2358–A Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, hearing on Archi-
tect of the Capitol and Library of Congress budgets, 1:30 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Outside Perspectives on the President’s Pro-posed Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled 
‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for Strategic Forces’’, 1:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Workforce Protections; and Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing entitled ‘‘The Blacklisting Executive Order: Rewriting Federal Labor Policies Through Executive Fiat’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the FY 2016 HHS Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Update: Patent Demand Letter Practices and Solutions’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-
ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hous-ing in America: Oversight of the Federal Housing Ad-ministration—Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2220 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and 
the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Across the Other Pond: U.S. Opportunities and Challenges in the Asia Pacific’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The President’s New Cuba Policy and U.S. Na-tional Security’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations; and Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Shame of Iranian Human Rights’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘As-sessing DHS’s Performance: Watchdog Recommendations to Improve Homeland Security’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Addressing Remaining Gaps in Federal, State, and Local Information Sharing’’, 2 p.m., 311 Can-non. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘ISIL in America: Domestic Terror and Radicalization’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and 
Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 870, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Chapter 9 Uniformity Act of 2015’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Copyright 
Office: Its Functions and Resources’’, 1:30 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘From Health Care Enrollment to Tax Filing: A PPACA Update’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-
ining the Impacts of EPA Air and Water Regulations on the States and the American People’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS: TIGTA Up-
date’’, 7 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D181 February 25, 2015 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Proposals for the Na-tional Science Foundation and National Institute of Standards and Technology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 1021, the ‘‘Protecting the Integrity of Medicare Act of 2015’’; H.R. 284, the ‘‘Medicare DMEPOS Com-petitive Bidding Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 876, the ‘‘NOTICE Act’’; and H.R. 887, the ‘‘Electronic Health Fairness Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD182 February 25, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
11 a.m., Thursday, February 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, February 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
5—Student Success Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E251 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E247 Bost, Mike, Ill., E247 Capps, Lois, Calif., E252 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E246 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E247 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E251 Cook, Paul, Calif., E249 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E248 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E245 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E249 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E251 
Fleming, John, La., E252 Forbes, J. Randy, Va., E249 Foster, Bill, Ill., E246 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E251 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E247, E250 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E247 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E246, E250 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E250 Langevin, James R., R.I., E249 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E249 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E248 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E251 McGovern, James P., Mass., E249 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E248 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E246 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E250 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E245 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E250 Smith, Jason, Mo., E248 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E249 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E245 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E245 Young, Todd C., Ind., E246, E248 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25FE5.REC D25FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST