Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4347 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 2015 No. 95 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 15, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable L UKE 
MESSER to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
the strange kaleidoscope of this con-gressional session began with the pro-posed shutdown of Homeland Security but moved on to the bipartisan action to fix the vexing SGR-Medicare fund-ing formula, the so-called ‘‘doc fix’’ to prevent dramatic cuts to providers. 
Yes, it is still hard to overcome deep 
divisions, philosophical difference, and some real serious politics. The heated rhetoric and convoluted voting on the 
recent trade package is the latest ex-ample. Wouldn’t it be great if we could take a step back and find ways to unite us to solve a major problem? 
Well, we have got a major problem 
that is staring us in the face right now. We are in the midst of the 33rd short- term transportation funding extension that is a result of our inability to pay for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dol-lars. That is because of our inability to raise the gas tax since 1993. 
The demands for transportation solu-
tions grow, and the harm inflicted on families occurs every day. It costs them over $300 a year just in damage to their cars from road maintenance that has fallen apart. We are paying a $125- billion-a-year penalty for congestion. 
Americans, make no mistake, are 
paying the price for this dysfunction, and the people who are partners at the State and local level and in the private sector are having great difficulty doing their part without the certainty of the Federal partnership that has been the bedrock, that has been the foundation of national transportation policy since President Eisenhower. 
Now, there is a little hint of sunshine 
here because this week, on Wednesday, we will be having the first hearing on transportation finance since my Re-publican friends took control of Con-gress 56 months ago. 
What if we took advantage of that 
daylight to expand the scope of the dis-cussion? What if we were able to have at the same witness table the president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Tom Donohue, and the president of the AFL–CIO, Richard Trumka, who don’t much agree on anything, but they are united in their firm belief that raising the gas tax, getting the transportation funding to rebuild and renew America, is absolutely essential? 
We could be joined by people who un-
derstand that hundreds of thousands of family-wage jobs would be possible if we met our transportation obligations. We could have representatives from 
State and local government, transit agencies, the environmental commu-nity, safety advocates all joined at the same table. We could have the elo-quence of Governor Bill Graves, who is currently president of the American Trucking Association, but he was Re-publican Governor of Kansas, who raised the gas tax not once, but twice. He could be joined by the American Automobile Association, which has come out strongly in favor of a gas tax to be able to meet the needs of the mo-toring public. Why wouldn’t we want those people there? 
We could invite State legislators 
from six very red Republican States— Idaho, Utah, Georgia, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Iowa—that all raised the gas tax this year. They didn’t just talk about it; they acted. Six red States raising the gas tax already in 2015. 
I am optimistic that we can cap-
italize on the glimmers of life we are seeing. If we can just listen to the peo-ple at the State and local level, the pri-vate sector, organized labor, people who build, maintain, and use our trans-portation system, they could be part of that deliberative process. I am con-fident that we, in Congress, could de-velop a united front on an issue that has been controversial in the past but is no longer. 
When people step up, when they ac-
cept responsibility and work coopera-tively, we can do what was done in Idaho, Georgia, Utah, Iowa, South Da-kota, and Nebraska. Congress can do that. And after all the acrimony and bad feeling and partisan division that has lingered, wouldn’t this be the right time to do so? 
f 
PIVOT TO AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, Con-
gress has a chance this week to turn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.000 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4348 June 15, 2015 
the President’s pivot to Asia into a 
pivot to America. The question is: Will we listen to the American people, or will we double down on a watered-down policy that has divided both the Demo-cratic and Republican sides of the aisle? To stop the TPA, we must hold firm. 
Republicans and Democrats all want 
trade barriers to be removed, but we are at a crossroads because both par-ties have voiced a lack of trust in the President’s ability to be able to nego-tiate what is best for America. That is why we are still fighting to stop the trade promotional authority, better known as fast track. 
Fast track will not be the panacea of 
all ills. In fact, if granted, we could see President Obama move swiftly on the Trans-Pacific Partnership that will likely not deliver the goods and have harmful secondary effects in multiple areas. 
Dr. Aurolyn Luykx, from the Univer-
sity of Texas at El Paso, makes this analysis: ‘‘I think the consequences could be very dire. We already saw under NAFTA how so many jobs left the United States and, also, went from Mexico. Then we saw, as well, tens of thousands of low-income Mexican fami-lies being put out of work and losing their land, and we saw how that drove migration to the United States.’’ 
The architects of the TPA in both 
Congress and the White House claim that with fast track they can lower barriers on U.S. exports among the 11 other TPP nations in the negotiation, thus, increasing jobs and wages. 
Now to the facts. We already have 
high-standard, free-trade agreements with 7 of those 11 other nations in the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership. We are writing the rules in the Pacific. Let’s write them some more with good bilateral agreements. 
If you don’t believe me, how about 
Simon Johnson, a former chief econo-mist of the International Monetary Fund and a professor at MIT Sloan. Here is what he says about the myth of needing the TPA to lower tariffs among the proposed members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership: 
Almost all tariffs on trade among Canada, 
Mexico, and the United States are long gone. Under the Australian and Singapore free trade agreements, almost all tariffs on U.S. goods have been eliminated. Goods from the United States have entered Chile without tariffs since January 1 of this year, and most tariffs imposed by Peru have already been phased out. 
The TPP will amount to a free trade agree-
ment with Brunei, with a population less than Omaha, Nebraska, and New Zealand, with a population less than Louisiana. En-couraging exports to these countries is sure-ly desirable, but the economic impact on the United States is unlikely to be more than a rounding error. 
That leaves three larger countries where 
the issues are more complex: Japan, Malay-sia, and Vietnam. 
And TPP will also confer special status on 
foreign investors, allowing them to sue for financial judgments against host-country regulations. Creating a quasi-legal process outside the regular court system just for for-
eigners can go wrong in many ways. 
I would add, from my own reading of 
the TPP, without divulging the details, concerns about private rights in dis-putes; the transnational panel empow-ered with a living agreement even after the accord is signed; and possible ex-ceptions granted to Brunei, whose legal system is not to the same standard as other nations. 
So, one says, What solutions do you 
have? Well, here are a couple: 
First, listen to the American people. 
If the majority of Americans com-pletely across the political spectrum have voiced concerns against TPA, then our actions this week will truly reflect if we are being representative of that voice. 
Second, the President must dem-
onstrate he can lead on foreign policy. He has yet to do it. Granting fast track to negotiate with 40 percent of the world’s economy should be based on how well he has handled foreign policy. Have we forgotten the handling of Syria, ISIS, Iraq, Crimea, Ukraine, and Iran? I can go on, but the question is, Why are we? The President must show us some deeds, not words. He should start by negotiating a bilateral agree-ment with our ally Japan. Intently focus there. Bring that to us, and we will likely approve it. 
Third, negotiate an interim agree-
ment with China. We still have much to do with raising the standards bar on Chinese trade, but China lacks lawyers to fight these problems. Well, do we know how to make plenty of those. Ne-gotiate a law school program all across our land’s rich institutions to create Chinese attorneys to help fight these issues. 
As to goods, China is seeking oil, nat-
ural gas, coal, timber, aggregate, beef, and pork. We have an abundance of these. How about a trade agreement on these narrow products that will imme-diately benefit us all? 
It is not impossible. We have the re-
source. We have the technology. What we need are the guts to do it, a rekin-dling of the American spirit, and the leadership to get it done. It starts by putting the brakes on fast track. We need the right track instead. 
f 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, this 
afternoon, I am going to talk about campaign finance reform. 
First of all, though, I want to say 
that the United States of America is the greatest country in the world. You can see by our economic dominance, by our cultural dominance, and by our military power. But we face some very big challenges. Unless we are able to tackle those challenges, our dominance may be in peril. 
Some of those challenges are climate 
change, global competitiveness. We need to make sure our manufacturing 
is up to par and can compete with any country on Earth. We have a vanishing middle class, which is very devastating to our country. We have a crumbling infrastructure. We also need to work on our educational system. But I can tell you, it is very difficult to attack any of these problems in a serious way with the current system of campaign financing. 
So let me go over some of the prob-
lems with campaign financing in our current system: 
First of all, you can see on the list 
here, campaign financing makes elect-ed officials less effective because of the amount of time that we must spend raising money for the next election, which leaves less time to work on the issues that need to move our country forward. 
The campaign money fuels negative 
campaign ads that turn off voters and suppress vote turnout. 
Campaign financing causes wasteful 
government spending on programs that big donors want to see out there. 
The threat of negative campaign 
adds—and this is very corrosive— causes elected officials to avoid taking stands and leadership on important issues, and this reduces the effective-ness of our government institutions. 
b1215 
Nowadays, even our judicial races are 
becoming expensive and tainted by the influence of money. 
Next, people have become cynical 
about the government and disillusioned about the United States of America be-cause, in part, of negative advertising. 
Next, the super-PACs and dark 
money coming into campaigns are no longer controlled by the candidates on the ballot. 
Lastly—and I think this is very im-
portant—excessive election spending drowns out free speech. If you look at campaign ads, what is happening is that the Big Money comes in, buys all the campaign ad time on TV, and floods our mailboxes with literature. 
People are only going to listen to so 
much campaign rhetoric, so they turn it off. The people with the most money are the ones who are listened to, and the ideas of the folks without much money are never heard. They don’t ever get very far. I think this is a very critical issue. 
We see the problems that we have 
with the current system; but how do we change it? There are some very big challenges that we face in terms of changing the current campaign financ-ing system. 
First of all, the Supreme Court of the 
United States of America has shown a very strong bias in the last decade or so toward putting more money in poli-tics. That is right. The Supreme Court has made it so that more money is coming into politics and election cam-paigns every single year. 
The Citizens United decision by the 
Supreme Court ruled that corporations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.003 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4349 June 15, 2015 
have the same free speech rights as 
people, allowing corporations to use their treasuries to finance campaigns. I can’t think of anything that would be more corrosive to campaigns than to see a plethora of corporate and union money coming in with no controls and controlling the message. 
In fact, just this year, the Repub-
licans in the House and the Senate passed legislation that increases the total that an individual American cit-izen can contribute to political parties almost by a factor of 10, going from $35,000 to $300,000, so an individual can donate $300,000 to a political campaign; yet there is significant public support for taking money out of politics. 
According to a June 2015 New York 
Times-CBS poll, 84 percent of Ameri-cans say money has too much influence in politics, and 85 percent of those sur-veyed said that the campaign financing system should be either completely re-built or fundamentally changed. 
The growth of money in politics rep-
resents a threat to our cherished demo-cratic institutions that were built by our Founding Fathers. This is not what the American people want for our de-mocracy. It is critical to inform the American public about what is hap-pening and what can be done about the problem. There are reform options of two kinds. 
The first kind is legislative reform 
actions, and there are three or four types of those. The first and most im-portant is disclosure and transparency, and then there are constitutional amendments. Constitutional amend-ments are very hard to pass, but they are not subject to be overturned by the Supreme Court. I have a proposed con-stitutional amendment, H.J. Res. 31, which will do away with PACs and super-PACs. 
I hope the American public will ex-
amine those alternatives and decide what they want to see because our sys-tem is in desperate need of change. 
f 
ABOVE THE LAW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate so much the comments of my friend Mr. R
USSELL , a neighbor from an 
adjoining State. He is right. The Amer-ican people have made clear that they did not want the TPA passed. They cer-tainly don’t want the TAA passed. 
How ironic that we are told that 
TPA’s passage will create a massive number of jobs; yet the people who have really looked at it on the Demo-cratic side say, ‘‘Huh-uh, this is going to cost a lot of jobs so that we have got to have more unemployment benefits and more government help for people who are going to lose their jobs,’’ which is what the TAA basically does, ‘‘or we can’t vote for the TPA’’—how ironic. 
Also how ironic that President 
Obama seems to have worked harder on this bill than he has on anything since 
ObamaCare—he has come to the Hill; he went to the baseball game. He is really pushing people to join him. It is rather ironic because it is just hard to believe that he would be working this hard to limit his own powers. He has never done that before. He has never worked to limit his own powers. 
It also strikes me as a bit interesting 
that some of the same people who pushed so hard to pass TARP, the Wall Street bailout, are also pushing for this. There was a former FDIC Chair-man named Isaac, who came to the Hill with the support of many economists, saying: ‘‘Please, don’t get into this so-cialist activity where government part-ners with private business. Don’t do that and certainly not for $700 billion. There is no justification.’’ 
Look, we clearly have more than 
that, that American individuals and American businesses have overseas in banks that they will never bring into the United States. They have already paid a massive amount of tax on it overseas. 
A far better, free market approach 
would be to just pass a bill and say, ‘‘If you want to shore up any asset or any entity, like Goldman Sachs’’—you could have saved Lehman Brothers, AIG, Chrysler, GM; you could have saved any of them if you had just said: ‘‘Bring that money in from overseas, no tax.’’ 
We could have made it very attrac-
tive to do that, and then we wouldn’t have had to have given the government $700 billion with basically no limits on how the Secretary of the Treasury could spend his money. 
He couldn’t prop up a central bank of 
a foreign government, but I read the bill. I couldn’t believe we were going to give that kind of power to one person. We have not done that since the Con-stitution passed. 
It also should be noted, I think, that, 
if we had not passed that $700 billion Wall Street bailout—that giveaway— then President Obama would never have gotten $900 billion. He would never have been able to push so much more for bigger government and had gotten it. 
We would have been able to have 
stood stronger against that, which could have prevented ObamaCare from even coming up or passing. It had ter-ribly damaging effects. Some of the same people who wanted TARP are now wanting TPA and TAA. It is a bad idea. 
I just want to just finish, Mr. Speak-
er, by noting that we have the Supreme Court taking up an issue—it is sup-
posedly going to come out with an opinion before the end of the month— and ruling in a case involving same-sex marriage. 
Neither the Constitution nor the Bill 
of Rights provides any power for the Federal Government to get involved in the issue of marriage. That has always been a State issue. It should be under the 10th Amendment; yet we have the Supreme Court potentially going to weigh in and take over that power. We also know that the law is very 
clear: 28 U.S. Code, section 455, says that any justice, judge, or magistrate judge of the United States shall dis-qualify himself in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reason-ably be questioned. 
Two Justices have made clear how 
they feel. They have presided over same-sex marriage ceremonies. If they do not disqualify themselves and if they rule on this case, they have shown a total contempt for the law. That should lead to impeachment, but Amer-ica would have to rise up to make that known. 
We will see here, in the 800th year an-
niversary of the Magna Carta, when it was made clear that nobody, not even the King, is above the law, if the Su-preme Court will say, 800 years later: ‘‘We are the Supreme Court, and we are above the law, and there is nothing you can do about it.’’ 
I hope and pray they are not that ar-
rogant in trying to bring down this constitutional Republic. We will see. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 24 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 
2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Gracious God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
During these busy weeks of House 
work, we ask Your special blessing upon the Members of this assembly. Issues of national security, trade, and the welfare of our citizens stand in the balance of the deliberations of these days. 
May each Member be filled with a 
surfeit of wisdom, patience, and equa-nimity that these weeks of appropria-tions might issue forth in solutions that benefit the Nation. 
May all that is done be for Your 
greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.004 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4350 June 15, 2015 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ ) come forward and 
lead the House in the Pledge of Alle-giance. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, it seems 
like the whole of Washington is await-ing the result of a Supreme Court deci-sion in reference to King v. Burwell. 
Mr. Speaker, let me give you the sim-
ple truth. As I see it, the President broke the law. He broke the law, and people are hurting as a consequence. 
Once this ruling comes down, Con-
gress will be required to put in place mechanisms to keep people from being hurt any further, but the fact of the matter remains that premiums have gone up, deductibles are completely out of sight, leaving many families functionally uninsured. We need to ad-dress these problems. 
Furthermore, power needs to be de-
volved back to the States. States can do a better job of running their healthcare systems because they are closer to the people that they rep-resent. 
The fact of the matter is this 
healthcare law was a big mistake. It is time that it be fixed, and this will be a first step in the road to do so. 
f 
AIRPORT SECURITY ACT 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, our Nation’s airports are economic and cultural engines that drive our local, State, and national economy. They are the front door for many of our communities. Unfortunately, they are also a known target for those seek-ing to incite fear. 
Two weeks ago, a man entered the 
world’s busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR–15 auto-matic weapon with an extended capac-ity 100-round magazine. He did so only to make a point, and that was to show that he was legally able to carry his firearm in the airport. 
Mr. Speaker, actions like this, which 
follow shootings at airports in Los An-geles and Houston, undermine public security in the same way as yelling ‘‘fire’’ in a crowded theater. 
Today, I will introduce legislation to 
prohibit the carrying of loaded weap-ons in our Nation’s airports. The Air-
port Security Act is a commonsense bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in keeping the traveling public safe. 
f 
DACA ANNIVERSARY 
(Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to commemorate the 3-year anniversary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA. 
Over the past 3 years, DACA has 
changed the lives of more than 640,000 young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children, including an impressive in-tern in my office named Maria. Maria moved to the United States when she was only 6 years old. Now, as a college 
student with a 4.0 GPA, Maria tutors children and is giving back to the country that has helped her reach her goals. 
As we mark DACA’s 3-year anniver-
sary and all that it has accomplished to support students like Maria, thou-sands more DREAMers are waiting for their opportunity to come out of the shadows. Sadly, the court battle over DACA continues. 
We must rededicate ourselves to fix-
ing our broken immigration system. Students like Maria deserve the chance to live free of fear and contribute their talents to keep our country vibrant and the envy of the world. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, House Re-
publican leadership is, once again, threatening to bring us to the edge of yet another deadline that threatens American jobs and our very economy. 
There are just 7 days left for Con-
gress to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, a critical agency that gives American manufacturers and small businesses the tools and access to cap-ital that they need to sell American- made goods overseas. It is how we grow our economy. Letting the Export-Im-port Bank expire endangers hundreds of thousands of good-paying jobs in the United States. 
In my home State of Michigan alone, 
228 exporters with $11 billion in export value are at risk if Congress fails to re-authorize the Ex-Im Bank. That will all end on June 30—no new support, no new loan guarantees, no new loans to help exporters sell goods across the country and keep Americans at work. 
It is reckless and it is irresponsible 
that we are facing another fiscal cliff. This is a cliff for our own manufactur-ers and our own economy. 
Mr. Speaker, a majority of this 
House of Representatives supports the Export-Import Bank. Let’s vote this 
week to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by Speaker pro tempore T
HORNBERRY on Friday, June 
12, 2015: 
S. 1568, to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the ex-isting medical center of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) at 4 o’clock 
and 3 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
J. WATIES WARING JUDICIAL 
CENTER 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2131) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2131 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. J. WATIES WARING FEDERAL BUILD-
ING AND UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building 
and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Caro-lina, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.006 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4351 June 15, 2015 
record of the United States to the Federal 
building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judi-cial Center’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and the gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 2131. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2131 designates the 
Federal building and the United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the J. Waties Waring Judicial Cen-ter. 
Judge Waring was born in Charles-
ton, South Carolina, in 1880. After be-coming a lawyer, he was in the private practice of law and eventually served as corporation counsel for Charleston, South Carolina. 
In 1942, after serving as assistant U.S. 
Attorney, Judge Waring was appointed by President Franklin Delano Roo-sevelt to serve as a judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of South Carolina. 
During his tenure on the bench, 
Judge Waring’s opinions had a signifi-cant impact on civil rights. For exam-ple, in the case of Duvall v. School Board, he ruled that equal pay must be guaranteed for equally qualified schoolteachers, regardless of race, and his dissent in Briggs v. Elliott stating that ‘‘separate educational facilities are inherently unequal’’ formed the legal foundation for the Supreme Court’s decision in Brown v. Board of Education. 
This bill is supported by the entire 
South Carolina delegation. Given Judge Waring’s dedication to the law, it is fitting to name this Federal build-ing and courthouse after him. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
legislation. This bill is, of course, to name the U.S. courthouse in Charles-ton, South Carolina, after Judge Julius Waties Waring. 
During Judge Waring’s time as a Fed-
eral judge in the Eastern District of South Carolina, he was a trailblazer in pursuit of justice for African Ameri-cans. Judge Waring consistently ruled for African American plaintiffs in cases involving voting rights, unequal pay, and civil rights. Before Judge Waring was named to 
the Federal bench, he served as assist-ant U.S. attorney and as corporation counsel for the City of Charleston. 
He is most famously remembered for 
a 1951 landmark school segregation case. Judge Waring wrote in his dissent on a three-judge panel that racial seg-regation in public schools was ‘‘per se inequality.’’ He became the first Fed-eral judge to take that position since Plessy v. Ferguson ruled for separate but equal. In his dissent, he went fur-ther to denounce segregation as an ‘‘evil that must be eradicated.’’ His dis-sent is commonly understood to pro-vide the intellectual underpinning of the Supreme Court outlawing school segregation in Brown v. Board of Edu-cation. 
Because Judge Waring’s decisions 
were considered controversial at the time, he endured threats of violence and was alienated from most of Charleston. Soon after Judge Waring’s momentous decision, he retired from the Federal bench and moved to New York, where he later died. 
Fifty years after his death, this legis-
lation naming the Federal courthouse in Charleston in his honor is appro-priate because of Judge Waring’s cou-rageous judicial service in the face of fierce opposition to the bedrock Amer-ican value of ‘‘justice for all.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, again, 
I would just urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 2131. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 2131, a bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judi-cial Center’’ and urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. I thank Representative J
IMCLY-
BURN for introducing the bill, which has the full 
support of our state’s congressional delega-tion. 
This bill is a reflection of two things: human 
kindness and bold leadership. There is a say-ing that, ‘‘One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness; it usually comes back to you.’’ This bill is, in some ways, a reflection of that notion. Under the category of human kindness, this bill came as a result of a phone call from Senator Fritz Hollings asking that the name on the courthouse in Charleston named after him be changed to honor the memory of the late Judge Julius Waties Waring. Although Judge Waring has a remarkable legal legacy, in the case of Senator Hollings, it all began with human kindness. In the 1940’s, Fritz Hol-lings was a young attorney in Charleston and practiced in front of Judge Waring. What im-pressed him was that Judge Waring was, ‘‘damned nice to me. He made sure young lawyers weren’t bumfuzzled or run over by senior lawyers.’’ If the story stopped there, we probably would not be discussing this bill today. 
Instead, it is Judge Waring’s bold leadership 
that makes this commemoration particularly fit-ting. As a federal district court judge, J. Waties Waring ruled on several key cases that set the stage for one of the most significant court 
cases in our nation’s history. In the 1940’s, Judge Waring heard and ruled on cases that opened South Carolina’s ‘‘white only’’ Demo-cratic primary and forcing equal pay for black and white school teachers. By 1948, TIME Magazine declared him as ‘‘The Man They Love to Hate’’ in South Carolina. In fact, in 1950, the South Carolina House of Represent-atives debated a resolution asking Judge Waring and his wife to leave the state and even offered to pay for the one-way tickets. This all came before his dissenting vote in the 1951 Briggs v. Elliott case involving seg-regated busing in Clarendon County in South Carolina. In that case, Thurgood Marshall ar-gued that black students were being treated unfairly because although there were three times as many black students, funding for transportation was only half. As a result, black students were walking up to nine miles to school. The case was decided against the plaintiff by a 2-1 vote, with Judge Waring vot-ing in dissent. In his opinion, Waring argued that segregation was ‘‘an evil that must be eradicated’’ and a result of ‘‘unreasonable, un-scientific and . . . unadulterated prejudice.’’ His dissent would travel with the case all the way to the Supreme Court, where the Briggs case became one of five cases decided with Brown v. Board of Education, which recog-nized segregation as a violation of the 14th Amendment. 
Although Judge Waring left the bench not 
long after the Briggs case, the impact of his leadership still resides today. I think naming this building after Judge Waring is a particu-larly fitting commemoration of his bold leader-ship, his willingness to take a stand, and the human kindness that’s being extended by Senator Hollings back to Judge Waring. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of H.R. 2131, a bill to rename the federal courthouse in Charleston, South Carolina in honor of Judge J. Waties Waring. This bill is a tribute to two men, two outstanding South Carolinians. The first, Judge Waring, for whom the bill will name the courthouse, was a fed-eral judge in South Carolina during the 1940s and 50s who made landmark and courageous rulings on civil rights. 
The second is known to many in the Con-
gress, Senator Ernest F. ‘‘Fritz’’ Hollings whose name is currently on this courthouse, and who has requested it be changed as a long overdue honor to Judge Waring. 
The son of a confederate soldier, Julius 
Waties Waring, was born July 27, 1880 in Charleston, and graduated from the College of Charleston in 1900. He became an attorney and after practicing in Charleston for several decades was nominated by President Franklin Roosevelt to the U.S. District Court in 1941. 
While there was little in his background that 
foretold an evolution on the issue, soon after ascending to the bench, Waring would be-come an iconoclast and an outcast in his hometown because of his rulings on civil rights cases. 
In the 1944 Duvall v. School Board decision, 
Judge Waring ordered equal pay for teachers, regardless of race. 
In 1947, in Elmore v. Rice, Judge Waring 
struck down South Carolina’s all-white Demo-cratic primary. 
In 1952, in his most famous opinion, Judge 
Waring dissented from the ruling in Briggs v. Elliott, arguing that ‘‘separate but equal’’ was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.005 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4352 June 15, 2015 
unconstitutional. While a dissenting opinion at 
the time, on appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, his opinion would form the basis of the unanimous decision in Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, which struck down racial segregation in all public schools in America. 
For my entire tenure in Congress, these 
words from Judge Waring’s dissent have been on the wall of my Congressional Office: ‘‘They showed beyond a doubt that the evils of seg-regation and color prejudice come from early training . . . and that is an evil that must be eradicated.’’ 
Taking these stands in the 1940s and 50s 
was not without consequence. His experi-ences gave currency to the biblical admonition that ‘‘a prophet is not without honor save in his own homeland.’’ Waring was ostracized in Charleston and endured harassment and at-tacks on his home. He retired from the bench in 1952, left his hometown and moved to New York. 
He had made his mark, however, and his 
legacy endures. I recall attending his grave-side services in 1968, which was sparsely at-tended except for several of Charleston’s Afri-can American community and a few whites who stood off at a distance. 
Thankfully, history has given Judge Waring 
the favorable recognition denied to him during his life, and passage of his bill will rightfully add to this acclaim. 
It is often stated that ‘‘the difference be-
tween a moment and a movement is sac-rifice.’’ Judge Waring’s sacrifices put him at the forefront of a movement. His courage in standing up for what was right, will endure in our nation’s memory as a powerful example of statesmanship that must continually be sought, regardless of the issues of the day. 
Of course, none of this today would be pos-
sible were it not for Senator Ernest Fitzgerald Hollings. Fritz Hollings’ record is familiar to all of us here. 
Throughout his career, as Governor of 
South Carolina when Clemson University was integrated and in the United States Senate, when Fritz saw a problem he set about to solve it. When the plight of the poor was ex-posed to him in the late 1960s, he authored the book, The Case Against Hunger. 
He led hunger tours to highlight the prob-
lem, and ultimately championed the successful Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children or WIC. As Chairman of the Senate Commerce Com-mittee, he helped usher in a generation of landmark social policy, providing aid of the needy and protecting our environment. 
He was never afraid to make difficult 
choices, or to change positions when he thought it warranted. 
In the 1980s, Fritz helped secure funding to 
build the annex to the Courthouse that is the subject of this legislation, and the entire facility was subsequently named in his honor. 
Never content to allow past injustices to go 
unaddressed, however, he has publicly called on Congress to replace his name on the build-ing, with that of the highly deserving, long unheralded, J. Waties Waring. This selfless act of statesmanship is just the most recent example of Fritz’s visionary leadership. 
I thank my colleagues in the South Carolina 
delegation for their unanimous support of this bill. I urge its passage by the House to honor this outstanding South Carolinian and great American. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2131. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PFC MILTON A. LEE MEDAL OF 
HONOR MEMORIAL HIGHWAY 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2559) to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2559 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The segment of Interstate Route 10 be-
tween milepost 535 and milepost 545 at Ken-dall County, Texas, shall be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
document, paper, or other record of the United States to the segment of Interstate Route 10 referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) and the gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 2559. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
2559, which names a segment of Inter-state 10 between mile markers 535 and 545 in Kendall County, Texas, after Pri-vate First Class Milton A. Lee. 
PFC Milton A. Lee joined the Army 
in San Antonio in 1967 as a member of the 101st Army Airborne Division and served in Vietnam as a radio telephone operator. 
PFC Lee was killed in action at the 
age of 19 and is buried at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio. He was award-ed the Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. 
H.R. 2559 is supported by all the local 
elected officials, community leaders, and veterans organizations. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2559. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2559, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This bill designates a 10-mile seg-
ment of Interstate 10 between milepost 535 and milepost 545 in Kendall County, Texas, as the PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this bill along with my colleagues from Texas. 
Private Lee was a hero who trag-
ically lost his life at the age of 19 while fighting for his country in Vietnam. Milton A. Lee was born February 28, 1949, in Shreveport, Louisiana. He later moved to Texas and attended Harlandale High School in San Antonio before enlisting in the Army. 
The actions preceding his death were 
nothing short of heroic. While serving as a radio operator with the 3rd Pla-toon, Company B, the platoon was sur-prised by hostile fire by the North Vi-etnamese Army. Private Lee moved through the heavy enemy fire to give lifesaving first aid to his wounded fel-low soldiers. 
As the platoon was advancing to re-
organize, Private Lee noticed four hid-den North Vietnamese soldiers with automatic weapons and a rocket launcher ready to attack the lead ele-ment of the platoon. He selflessly charged through the enemy fire and overran their position, killing the attackers and capturing their weapons. His actions saved the lives of his fellow soldiers and were instrumental in the destruction of the key position of the enemy defense. 
Private Lee died April 26, 1968. He 
was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1970 for his gallantry at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we 
can come to the floor of the House today and celebrate this young man’s courage and conviction by naming a portion of Interstate 10 in his honor. This bill is a fitting tribute. 
Before I close, I would like to remind 
my colleagues that there are only 23 legislative days left before highway and transit program authorizations ex-pire. Here we are again on the brink of yet another extension in the middle of the summer construction season. I strongly urge my colleagues to take up the charge to restore our Nation’s in-frastructure. If we do not act quickly, we will soon not have any miles of road left worthy of naming after any great American. I support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), my good friend. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank my friend and col-league from Missouri, Representative G
RAVES , for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to rec-
ognize veteran, patriot, and Medal of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.006 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4353 June 15, 2015 
Honor recipient Milton A. Lee today. 
Earlier this year, I introduced H.R. 2559, which designates a portion of Interstate Highway 10 in Boerne, Texas, as PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway. 
PFC Lee was born on February 28, 
1949, in Shreveport, Louisiana. While he was not born in Texas, Lee entered the Army in San Antonio, served hon-orably in the Vietnam war, and was laid to rest at Fort Sam Houston, which is located in my district. 
b1615 
PFC Lee served as a radio telephone 
operator with the 3rd Platoon, Com-pany B, during an intense, surprise hos-tile attack by North Vietnamese army fighters. The 3rd Platoon maneuvered to a position of cover to treat their wounded and reorganize. Meanwhile, PFC Lee moved through the heavy enemy fire to give lifesaving first aid to his wounded fellow soldiers. During the subsequent assault, PFC Lee con-tinuously kept close radio contact with the company commander and relayed precise and understandable informa-tion to his platoon leader. 
While advancing toward the objec-
tive, PFC Lee observed four North Vi-etnamese soldiers with automatic weapons and a rocket launcher lying in wait for his platoon. PFC Lee imme-diately, and with great risk to his own personal safety, passed his radio to an-other soldier and charged through the barrage of fire. Without hesitation, he continued his attack and successfully overran the enemy position, killing all occupants and capturing four auto-matic weapons and a rocket launcher. 
PFC Lee continued his one-man as-
sault on another enemy position through a heavy barrage of enemy automatic weapons fire. Although 
wounded, he continued to press the at-tack and crawled forward into a firing position to deliver accurate cover fire for his platoon. This enabled his pla-toon to maneuver and destroy the enemy position. Not until the position was overrun did PFC Lee falter in his steady volume of fire and succumb to his wounds. 
PFC Lee’s heroic actions saved the 
lives of many in his platoon and were instrumental in the destruction of a key position of the enemy’s defense. PFC Lee’s gallantry at the risk of life above and beyond the call of duty epit-omizes the highest traditions of the military service and reflects great credit on himself, the 502nd Infantry, and the U.S. Army. 
So today, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill in honor of an Amer-ican hero. In giving his life for our country in such a selfless and heroic fashion, PFC Lee is deserving of our naming a portion of a Federal highway in his honor. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-
er, I would also like to urge my col-leagues to support this bill. I think 
what we are trying to do here is very fitting. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2559. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
URGING IRAN TO RELEASE ALL 
DETAINED UNITED STATES CITI-ZENS AND PROVIDE ANY INFOR-MATION REGARDING UNITED STATES CITIZENS THAT HAVE DISAPPEARED WITHIN ITS BOR-DERS 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 233) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known in-formation on any United States citi-zens that have disappeared within its borders. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 233 
Whereas three United States citizens have 
been held captive in Iran, some of them for multiple years; 
Whereas one United States citizen dis-
appeared in Iran over eight years ago; and 
Whereas Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 
has stated that his government wishes to en-gage in a constructive interaction with the world: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the House 
of Representatives that Iran should release all detained United States citizens imme-diately and provide any information it pos-sesses regarding any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, we consider H. 
Res. 233, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release all de-tained U.S. citizens as well as provide all known information on any U.S. citi-zens who have disappeared within the borders of Iran. 
As always, I appreciate the support 
of the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL of 
New York, in bringing this resolution to the floor. I also want to acknowl-edge the author of this measure, Con-gressman K
ILDEE of Michigan, as well 
as those Members who continue to stress how important it is that this body speak out on this issue. These citizens need to be allowed to come home now. They are U.S. citizens. 
In particular, I want to thank Mr. 
D
EUTCH , who is with us here today, who 
is a senior member of our committee. He has been consistently focused for many years on the case of his missing constituent. 
Two weeks ago, the Foreign Affairs 
Committee held a hearing at which the family members of four Americans— three in prison and one missing in Iran for 8 years—testified. This was the first time all four of the families came to-gether for such a hearing. We heard and saw the excruciating pain that they are living with day in and day out, not knowing if and when they will see their husband, their father, or their brother again. Each of these tragic cases underscores the complete lack of justice and, frankly, the brutal treat-ment that these Americans have faced in Iran. 
Jason Rezaian is a journalist who 
was born and raised in California. He had hoped to use his position at The Washington Post to present a greater understanding of the Iranian people. Instead, he has been arrested on trumped-up charges and has been held for over 300 days at the infamous Evin Prison. Last week, a second closed hearing in his trial was held, which, like all other aspects of his case, was shrouded in secrecy. 
In September of 2012, Iran arrested 
and later sentenced Pastor Saeed Abedini to 8 years in prison for gath-ering with others to study the Bible, which, as his wife told the committee, is, in fact, a lawful act, even under Ira-nian law, but one which the regime deemed a threat to national security. In jail, his guards have attempted to coerce him and torture him to get him to renounce his faith, telling him that otherwise he will serve an even longer time. 
In August of 2011, Amir Hekmati, 
who is a former United States marine, was sentenced to death for alleged espi-onage. This is someone who went to visit his grandparents. Upon appeal, his sentence was reduced, by the way, to 10 years. As his sister described to the committee, her family was told by Ira-nian officials not to go public with Amir’s imprisonment or he would be put in even greater danger. Well, as she described to us through tears, despite 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.012 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4354 June 15, 2015 
their silence, Amir suffered extensive 
and repeated torture: beaten on his feet with cables and tasered repeatedly in the kidneys. At home, his father is gravely ill. But locked up, Amir can’t travel back to see his father. 
In 2007, Robert Levinson went miss-
ing on Iran’s Kish Island. Eight years later, Iran continues to refuse to assist the United States in locating him. As his son testified, his father is now the longest held hostage in American his-tory. 
Mr. Speaker, the House stands in sol-
idarity with each of these families. Our hearts break for them, and we share their anger and frustration at the des-perate position they are facing. 
As we approach the deadline for ne-
gotiations on a nuclear agreement with Iran—one that, no matter the terms, will require us to have at least some trust in the regime—I have to ask the question: What do these four cases say about the regime we are dealing with? If a journalist can be suddenly impris-oned on bogus charges, what treatment can international inspectors expect? 
But more fundamentally, if top Ira-
nian officials can’t be counted on to as-sist these wrongfully jailed American citizens, can they be counted on to honor the commitments they make at the negotiating table? 
This, by the way, is why verification 
is such an important part of an agree-ment. But on the question of whether they can be counted on, call me a skep-tic. 
I also have to ask why the adminis-
tration, on the brink of striking a deal in which we would give the Iranians tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief, is failing here. 
The bottom line expressed in this res-
olution today is that these four Ameri-cans must be allowed home now, and that is a sentiment that all of us can support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H. Res. 233, calling 
for the release of Americans held or missing in Iran. 
First of all, I want to associate my 
feelings with the remarks of our chair-man, Congressman R
OYCE . I think he 
hit the nail right on the head several times with his statement. I agree with every word he uttered. 
It is just ludicrous that at a time 
where we are weeks away from osten-sibly completing an agreement with Iran, that our hostages—I can’t think of any other word for them—are being treated so shabbily by the Iranian re-gime. As far as I am concerned, it casts a pall on any potential agreement that we have with Iran on June 30. If this is the way they are treating Americans, how can we rely on them or count on them to fulfill their obligations under any agreement we sign with them? 
It is just ludicrous that here we are 
at the eleventh hour. You would think the Iranian regime would want to start acting favorably so that we in Congress might favorably look upon any deal 
that could be reached. Instead, they are continuing their old ways and doing just the opposite. It just doesn’t make any sense. It doesn’t help us to trust them, it doesn’t help us to believe them, and it only furthers all the things that we have seen and heard and questioned about this rogue regime in Tehran. 
I want to thank Representative K
IL-
DEE for authoring this resolution. He 
has been a champion for these four Americans and their families. As I said at our hearing, he has been unrelenting in terms of fighting for his constituent and for the others who are held in Ira-nian prisons. 
Representative D
EUTCH , the ranking 
member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, who also has a constituent who is a hostage, has also been very vociferous. And Representa-tive H
UFFMAN is always talking to us 
about these issues and always looking to free all these Americans in prison. Also Representative L
ABRADOR , and 
Representative K ILDEE has assured 
that these Americans are not forgotten in Congress. 
As was mentioned, 2 weeks ago, our 
committee heard from the Hekmati, Rezaian, Levinson, and Abedini fami-lies. Their stories were heartbreaking, their pleas heartfelt, and as they made clear in their testimony, their cause is our cause. It is America’s cause. 
We are a few weeks away, as I said 
before, from an important deadline in the Iranian nuclear talks. It is ridicu-lous that our citizens languish in Ira-nian jails while we negotiate. At the same time, as the families of the Amer-icans point out, these negotiations have given us the only opportunity to directly raise the cases of the four Americans with the Iranian Govern-ment, and we are assured by the ad-ministration that at every instance they raise these cases with the Iranian Government. 
I am happy they raise the cases. I am 
grateful that they raise these cases. But, of course, if we don’t get these people home, it is all for naught. I can-not imagine having an agreement with Iran that doesn’t take into account these people, that doesn’t release these people. It would just be a dereliction of our duties and responsibility to have an agreement with Iran while not bar-gaining or getting the freedom of these people. We don’t want these people used as a bargaining chip, but on the other hand, we don’t want these people to remain in jail after there is some kind of an agreement with Iran. 
I wish we knew more about the con-
ditions of these four Americans, but in these cases, Iran isn’t playing by the rules once again. Typically, if an American were detained in Iran, Swit-zerland, the U.S. ‘‘protecting power’’ in Iran, would have access to them for consular services. It is not the case here. 
In the cases of these three Iranian 
Americans, Iran doesn’t even acknowl-edge their dual citizenship—only their 
Iranian citizenship. This position runs roughshod over long-established inter-national law. 
b1630 
Without consular access, we cannot 
judge the health and welfare of our own American citizens. This is unaccept-able. The United States respects this access for Iranian citizens held here. Reciprocal privileges are the least they could provide. 
Sadly, Mr. D
EUTCH ’s constituent— 
Robert Levinson’s whereabouts are un-known. I simply don’t believe the Ira-nians have been forthcoming at all about his status. If he is, indeed, still a hostage, he is now the longest held hos-tage in American history. We shouldn’t stand for this. We shouldn’t sit still while this continues. 
I will weigh the nuclear deal care-
fully when it comes to us, but Iran’s leaders could send the American people a gesture of goodwill by providing more information about Robert Levinson and by freeing Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian. 
By the way, Mr. Rezaian is the bu-
reau chief, the Tehran bureau chief of The Washington Post, unbelievable that he would be arrested for espio-
nage, ludicrous, ridiculous. 
This is a concern all of us share. It 
doesn’t matter where you come from in this country or what your political af-filiation is. These are Americans, and we all want to see these four Ameri-cans come home safely to their fami-lies. 
I applaud this resolution, urge my 
colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. E
NGEL has shared 
with you that the government in Iran refuses to recognize the U.S. nation-ality for Jason Rezaian. Jason was born in California. He was born a U.S. citizen here in the United States, raised in California; and their position is that, no, he is an Iranian citizen. 
He was over there to see his grand-
mother. No, he was over there report-ing because he wanted to get an oppor-tunity for greater understanding of the citizens in Iran. 
The fact that we allow a situation 
like this to stand, when American citi-zens are being held like this and sub-jected to show trials, is appalling. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Foreign Af-
fairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and a longtime critic of the human rights abuses that have occurred in Iran. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank our distinguished chairman and thank both he and E
LIOT 
ENGEL for the leadership that they 
have both shown. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you 
for keeping that focus on all issues re-lated to Iran and for doing it so effec-tively, including and especially the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.015 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4355 June 15, 2015 
human rights abuses that are occurring 
there each and every day. 
Mr. Speaker, the most important 
duty of the President of the United States is to keep Americans safe from harm, whether they are at home or abroad. Three innocent Americans con-tinue to be brutalized in Iran prisons and trapped in a system of sham trials. A fourth American, another innocent man, has been missing from Iran for more than 8 years and presumed to also be imprisoned in that country. 
When Americans have been hostages 
in foreign lands or on foreign seas, Presidents from both parties have prioritized their rescue, sometimes even asking the finest from our fight-ing forces to risk their lives to save them. 
It is an important question why the 
President has failed to make the re-lease of our fellow Americans his top priority with the Iranian regime. How often have we heard the administration speak out, pressure being put to bear on the Iranian regime, even as the talks continue on the nuclear issue? 
It seems to me I will never forget 
when Nagameh Abedini came and testi-fied at one of Frank Wolf’s hearings. She said they told her there was noth-ing they could do for her husband at the U.S. Department of State. 
Thankfully, a call to John Kerry by 
Mr. Wolf, chairman of the Lantos com-mittee at the time, did yield fruit; and they did begin to raise his name and his calls. 
The President seems to think, how-
ever, that the Iranian regime can be trusted to keep a nuclear deal and no longer seek to develop and make nu-clear weapons. I would suggest that a regime that continues to imprison our fellow citizens cannot be trusted. 
A regime that so regularly and vio-
lently violates human rights and basic freedoms of its own people cannot be trusted. A regime that sponsors ter-rorism against other countries as a tool of foreign policy cannot be trust-ed. 
H. Res. 233 makes very clear that 
Iran should release all detained U.S. citizens immediately and provide any information it possesses regarding any United States citizens that have dis-appeared within its borders. 
Mr. Speaker, we must remember the 
husbands and fathers, sons and daugh-ters, the families, in addition to those who are being exploited and cruelly mistreated. 
I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE for 
the hearing that he just convened a few days ago. We heard from the family members. Their plea was impassioned. It was heartbreaking, and it was very, very motivating. 
Imprisoned since 2012, Pastor 
Abedini, 35 years old, husband of Nagameh Abedini—who testified sev-eral times before my subcommittee and has been an extraordinary cham-pion for his release—father of two chil-dren, he had returned to Iran to build an orphanage. He had gotten prior clearance, told that he could do it. 
Once he was there, they arrested him, and they have mistreated him ever since then. 
Imprisoned since 2012, Amir Hekmati, 
31 years old, a former sergeant in the U.S. Marine Corps. He had returned to Iran to visit his grandmother and other relatives. They scooped him up, and he has been mistreated ever since. 
Imprisoned since 2011, Jason Rezaian, 
39 years old, Tehran’s bureau chief for The Washington Post, a reporter who publishes what is going on in that re-gime, he now is facing a trial, a show trial, a sham trial. 
Imprisoned since 2014, Robert 
Levinson, 67 years old, husband, father, grandfather, he has been missing in Iran since the year 2007. 
Mr. Speaker, Pastor Abedini, Mr. 
Hekmati, Mr. Rezaian, and Mr. L
EVINson are all Americans, and they 
are being, right today, subjected to abuse and cruelty. They are all pris-oners or missing in Iran. 
We call on the administration to re-
triple its efforts to secure their release. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE), who has been the staunchest sup-
porter of getting these people free, who has raised this issue so many times, and who is the author of this resolu-tion. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
start by thanking Chairman R
OYCE for 
his efforts on this resolution and my friend Ranking Member E
NGEL , as well, 
for his efforts, along with the 201 Mem-bers of this body who have cosponsored 
this, most particularly Mr. D
EUTCH , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. L ABRADOR , who 
have worked with me and my staff in preparing this resolution. 
I want to speak briefly about Amir 
Hekmati, my constituent, a young man who is an American citizen, born in the United States, raised in my hometown of Flint, Michigan, served in the United States Marine Corps. He is a brother; he is a son; he is a Michi-gander. 
Back in 2011, for the first time, he 
traveled to Iran to visit his grand-mother, as has been said. He notified the Iranian Government that he was going to Iran. He traveled under his own name. He disclosed his history as a member of the United States Marine Corps. 
He was in Iran for almost 3 weeks 
when he was apprehended. Initially tried and convicted and sentenced to death for espionage, that sentence was later set aside, but he continues to lan-guish in Evin Prison, serving a 10-year sentence. 
I want the world to know about 
Amir. I want people to know his name, just as we want the world to know the names of Jason Rezaian, Saeed Abedini, and Bob Levinson. These are real people. Amir is a real person. He grew up in my hometown of Flint, like me, played high school hockey. 
It is important that we remember 
these names. These are individuals. They are not just pawns in a geo-
political struggle between Iran and the rest of the world. They are individuals. They are people. They have families. They feel pain. They suffer. 
Amir Hekmati has been in Evin Pris-
on for 1,386 days. It is long past time for him to be reunited with his family. He has committed no crime; yet he continues to sit in that prison, in a dark cell. 
If Iran is serious about rejoining the 
community of nations, about being a member of the international commu-nity, they will release—immediately release—Amir Hekmati and the other Americans that they hold. 
That is why it is so important that 
this House pass this resolution and speak for the American people with one voice. We have lots of disagreements in this place. 
There should be no question here in 
the United States, across the world, but especially within the Iranian Gov-ernment and among the Iranian people, there should be no question that this body, this House of Representatives, which often disagrees, has no disagree-ment on the question of these Ameri-cans. 
If Iran wants to be taken seriously, if 
anything they do, if any engagement that they have with the world, whether it is a nuclear agreement or economic engagement, if any of that is to be le-gitimate, they cannot hold political prisoners; and they need to take action to release Amir Hekmati and the other Americans that they hold. 
Now, the fact that the P5+1 negotia-
tions are underway does give us space for something that we haven’t had in 35 years, and that is bilateral discussion on the sidelines of those nuclear agree-ments, but while it does provide the moment, there is one point that I do want to make, and others have spoken to this. 
It is difficult to imagine taking any 
agreement with them seriously as long as Iran holds these Americans, but it is also important that we keep in mind that we never want to be in a position where, as part of a transaction with Iran, we exchange the freedom of these Americans for a concession at the nu-clear negotiating table, a concession that may make the world a less safe place. 
We don’t want that, and I know that 
Amir Hekmati, through his family, has communicated to us that he does not want to be exchanged for anything. 
I think it is fair, as Members have 
said, that Congress considers all of Iran’s behavior when considering any engagement with them, whether it is a nuclear agreement or anything else. 
When I have spoken to the President 
and the Vice President or Wendy Sher-man or Samantha Power, our U.N. rep-resentative, I have made it clear to them that, while it is important that we get our Americans home, we don’t want to see the world become a less safe place in exchange for the freedom of innocent people. They have agreed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.017 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4356 June 15, 2015 
with that, and they have shared that 
with the Iranian Government at every opportunity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend. Simple point, Congress, today, will 
speak with one voice and say to the Iranian people, say to the world, that these Americans—this resolution will say, with absolute clarity, that if Iran expects to be treated as a member of the international community, they will unilaterally release these Americans. 
It would advance their cause, pre-
sumably, of joining the global commu-nity. It would send a strong message to the rest of the world and to the United States and to this Congress that they can and should be taken seriously, but it is very difficult to imagine doing that if they continue to hold Amir Hekmati and the other Americans they hold. 
I just want to reiterate my gratitude 
to Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Mem-
ber E NGEL and the whole committee, 
the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the whole House for their support of this. The families of these individuals, I know, appreciate it very deeply, and I do as well. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), a Member who has also been 
fighting for his constituent, who has brought this issue up with us so many times, who has been unyielding in try-ing to get freedom for all the hostages. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I do 
want to start by thanking Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for 
moving this bill forward; and a huge thanks to my great colleague from Michigan, Representative K
ILDEE , he 
has been described as tireless and cou-rageous and relentless. He is all of that and more in working to highlight the injustice that these American detain-ees are facing in Iran. 
b1645 
One of these detainees, Jason 
Rezaian, has been mentioned as having grown up in California. He actually grew up in my district. I have gotten to know his family. And in some way, I feel like I have gotten to know Jason— at least a little bit—through this trag-ic situation. So I know something about the terrible hardship that he and his family have been going through for this past year. 
It is with that unconscionable level 
of hardship in mind that I am proud to join with my colleagues in working to make sure that Congress does every-thing that it can to secure Jason’s safe release and also the safe release of these other unjustly detained Ameri-cans. 
Passing this resolution on a bipar-
tisan basis is one of the most impor-tant things that we can do to reaffirm 
to the Iranian regime that the whole world is watching. 
Jason Rezaian was The Washington 
Post Tehran bureau chief when he was arrested in Tehran on July 22 last year. He has now been held twice as long as any previous western journalist in Iran. 
The circumstances under which he 
has been held are an absolute mockery of justice. There has never been any evidence brought against him. For 9 months, there were no charges brought against him publicly. Jason was denied the most basic rights: denied access to a lawyer for months, denied bail after he was charged, and held in solitary confinement after his investigation ended. 
Jason’s family members and his fel-
low journalists have been fierce advo-cates for his freedom. I hope that the passage of this resolution today will make the sentiment of Congress very clear: that Iran should immediately re-lease Jason Rezaian and the other de-tained Americans. 
Whatever issues or disagreements 
that we may have about broader issues involving Iran, it is important that we are able to speak today with one voice for the Americans who are unjustly de-tained and for their families. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I will con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my great pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), one of the senior members of 
our Foreign Affairs Committee, the ranking member on the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, and someone whom I turn to very often for advice and counsel, who has been a clear and effective voice in trying to bring our hostages home. 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my friend, the ranking member, for yielding. I thank the chairman. I espe-cially went to thank my friend and col-league from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for 
spearheading this resolution and for his tireless efforts to bring back his constituent. And I want to thank the fellow original cosponsors, Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
Each of us here has the solemn re-
sponsibility to represent the families of these American citizens—in this case, our constituents who are missing or held in Iran. Each of us has seen the suffering of these families firsthand. We have also seen a remarkable strength of purpose as they live this real-life nightmare and do everything they can to bring their loved ones home. 
For the family of Robert Levinson, 
my constituent, 8 years is 8 years too long not to have their husband, their father, and their grandfather home. 
Bob Levinson went missing on Iran’s 
Kish Island on March 9, 2007. Since his disappearance, the Levinson family has received proof of life in the form of pic-tures and videos. Iran’s leaders have 
never provided any information about Bob’s disappearance, despite repeated pledges to aid in the investigation. 
As negotiations with Iran have taken 
place over the past year and a half, many of us have doubts about the abil-ity to trust Iran to follow through on the terms of any nuclear deal. We dis-trust because we have seen this regime time and again lie to the international community, support the world’s worst actors and terrorists, destabilize the region, deny history, and chant ‘‘death to America.’’ So if Iran wants to be taken seriously by the international community, then it must start by dropping the bogus charges and releas-ing Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, and Jason Rezaian; and immediately assist in locating and returning Bob Levinson. 
Mr. Speaker, we are just weeks away 
from the June 30 deadline for a nuclear deal. We are grateful that the Sec-retary and the other negotiators have raised this issue inside meetings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DEUTCH. But we have enormous 
leverage right now, and we must use it for Jason Rezaian, for Saeed Abedini, for Amir Hekmati, and for my con-stituent Bob Levinson. 
If Iran wants the world to believe 
what it says at the negotiating table, if it expects the world to trust any of the commitments that it will make or promises to make in a nuclear deal, then it should send these Americans home. 
By passing this bipartisan resolution 
today, we will show the world that this is an issue that transcends politics. We gather here today in the United States House of Representatives, the people’s House, to show that Members of Con-gress and the American people are united in demanding the safe return of these four Americans. Mr. Speaker, it is time to bring them home. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
resolution. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, 
I, again, urge my colleagues to support this resolution at this critical time. 
I thank my colleague, the gentleman 
from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), for his 
work on this. 
We are in the final days of the nu-
clear negotiations, as has been men-tioned before, with Iran. And as the families of these Americans point out, when these negotiations are over, if we do nothing, so too may be the chance of the United States to engage directly with Iran over the fate of their family members. So we must not let this op-portunity go to waste. 
We call on Iran to release Amir 
Hekmati, Jason Rezaian, Saeed Abedini, and Robert Levinson; to live up to their pledge to provide further in-formation about Robert Levinson; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.018 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4357 June 15, 2015 
to bring these men home to their fami-
lies. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
resolution. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
As I have made clear before, I have 
serious reservations about the direc-tion of our negotiations with Iran, and this is based in no small part on its treatment of the four Americans we are speaking about today and what that predicts going forward. 
Let’s not forget, this is a regime— 
and we can turn on the set and watch their rallies—where regularly the chant ‘‘death to America’’ is used to rouse the most fervent supporters of the Supreme Leader. This is a regime that has killed its own citizens out-right or convicted and imprisoned them based on confessions obtained by torture. This is a regime that takes U.S. citizens into captivity, tortures them, and then denies them medical treatment, denies them basic legal rep-resentation, denies them due process. 
Last month, just prior to Jason’s so- 
called trial, Washington Post editor Martin Baron issued a compelling statement, and I will read part of it: 
‘‘It’s worth recalling what kind of 
system we’re dealing with. Jason was arrested without charges. He was im-prisoned in Iran’s worst prison. He was placed in isolation for many months and denied medical care he needed. His case was assigned to a judge inter-nationally notorious for human rights violations. He could not select the law-yer of his choosing. He was given only an hour and a half to meet with a law-yer approved by the court. No evidence has ever been produced by prosecutors or the court to support these absurd charges. The trial date was only dis-closed to Jason’s lawyer last week. And now, unsurprisingly but unforgivably, it turns out the trial will be closed.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot allow our-
selves to lose sight of these facts. Faced with this, those making the case that Iran will be transparent with the international community on inspec-tions that will be part of any nuclear deal seem to be thinking about the Iran they want, not the one in actu-ality, the one that is brutalizing Amer-icans. 
Nuclear deal or not, these Americans 
deserve to be back with their families today. 
I urge all Members to support this 
resolution. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 233. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 55 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1705 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) at 5 o’clock 
and 5 minutes p.m. 
f 
FLORESVILLE VETERANS POST 
OFFICE BUILDING 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 891) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 891 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FLORESVILLE VETERANS POST OF-
FICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 891, intro-duced by Representative H
ENRY  
CUELLAR . 
H.R. 891 designates the post office lo-
cated at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the Floresville 
Veterans Post Office Building. 
This excellent bill honors the men 
and women of Floresville, Texas, who served our country. We are grateful for their service and for the service of all of our veterans and their sacrifices in the service to our great Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-
port this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my 
colleagues in supporting H.R. 891, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the Floresville Veterans Post Office Building. 
This legislation commemorates the 
sacrifices made by the servicemen and -women of Floresville, Texas. Whether they served abroad or at home, our military men and women have coura-geously given their time and energy to defend the many freedoms we Ameri-cans hold so dear. Recognizing the loy-alty and bravery of our veterans by naming this post office in their honor is the least we can do. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in supporting this bill that would recognize the honorable service and countless sacrifices made by our veterans and their families. I urge the passage of H.R. 891, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank Delegate P LASKETT for yield-
ing the time to me, and thank you so much also to the majority manager for speaking in favor of this bill. And cer-tainly I also want to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UM-
MINGS for their leadership and support, 
along with the committee members, for bringing this bill to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
891, which designates the facility of the United States Postal Service, located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the Floresville Veterans Post Office Building. 
Floresville is the county seat of Wil-
son County, Texas, which has 4,636 vet-erans currently residing there. Just across the street from this postal facil-ity is the Frank M. Tejeda Texas State Veterans Home, which currently houses about 154 of our American vet-erans. It is fitting that we provide this acknowledgement to our Floresville veterans directly across the street from where many of them live now. 
There are many stories from veterans 
all across Wilson County that have served, but I want to highlight a few of those from Floresville. Let me start first with Frank Villarreal, who is a veteran who served in Vietnam with the U.S. Navy Seawolves helicopter squadron, which provided support for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.020 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4358 June 15, 2015 
the Navy SEALs. Mr. Villarreal has re-
ceived 15 awards for his service, includ-ing the Distinguished Flying Cross, the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal with two Bronze Stars, the Vietnam Campaign Medal, the Gallantry Cross with Palm and Frame, the Civil Action Color with Palm and Frame, and the Combat Air-crewman Insignia. 
To highlight a couple of other gentle-
men also, Pedro Devora and Rufino Gonzales both served on the same ship in World War II, on the USS Sangamon . 
They survived a kamikaze attack on their vessel, and they went home to live long lives in Floresville. 
Additionally, I want to also say that 
Mr. Devora and Mr. Gonzales obtained the medals they earned during their service that they recently just got from the Department of the Navy. For Mr. Devora, these medals are the World War II Victory Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the Presidential Unit Citation Ribbon, the Combat Action Ribbon, the Honorable Service Lapel Pin, and the Asiatic Pacific Campaign Medal with the Bronze Star also. 
For Mr. Gonzales, these medals in-
clude the World War II Victory Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the Presidential Unit Citation Ribbon, the Combat Action Ribbon, along with the Asiatic Pacific Campaign Medal along with the Bronze Star also. 
Again, those are only just a few ex-
amples of the men and women from Wilson County—in particular, from Floresville—that have served. So I want to acknowledge the sacrifice of those veterans along with the veterans from my 28th Congressional District, individuals who served and put their country ahead of self and for whom I am recognizing with the renaming of the Floresville postal facility service. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank also 
the work of The American Legion Post 38 in Floresville and the VFW Post 8555 in Wilson County for the work that they have done in supporting our local veterans. The VFW Post 8555 in Wilson County has done a great job, and I want to thank them. 
So, Mr. Speaker, and to our ranking 
member and our ranking delegate, I just want to say thank you so much. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 891. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS DANIEL 
M. FERGUSON POST OFFICE 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1326) to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2000 Mulford Road in Mul-berry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1326 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SERGEANT FIRST CLASS DANIEL M. 
FERGUSON POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1326, 
introduced by Representative D
ENNIS  
ROSS. H.R. 1326 would designate the 
post office located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-
port this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1715 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues in 
supporting H.R. 1326, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office. 
Born and raised in Mulberry, Florida, 
Daniel Ferguson was a standout ath-lete at Mulberry High School, where he lettered in five sports, including base-ball, football, and track. After joining the Army in 1993, Daniel dedicated the rest of his life to the service of our country. Over the next 20 years, Daniel completed tours in Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan. Following his final de-ployment, Sergeant First Class Fer-guson was stationed as an Army trans-portation supervisor at Fort Hood, Texas, beginning in March 2013. On April 2, 2014, Sergeant First Class 
Ferguson made the ultimate sacrifice. Sergeant First Class Ferguson wit-nessed a shooting rampage break out on base, and seeing the shooter ap-proaching the room where he and his colleagues gathered, held himself against an unlocked door and used his body as a shield. Tragically, Sergeant First Class Ferguson lost his life that day, but through his courage and self-lessness, many of his colleagues sur-vived. Sergeant First Class Ferguson is remembered by his fiance, fellow sol-dier Kristen Haley, and all those who knew him for his loyalty, bravery, and heroism. He was awarded the Bronze Star and a Meritorious Service Medal, among others, for his military service. 
Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill 
to commemorate the ultimate sacrifice made by Sergeant First Class Daniel Ferguson, and to honor his devoted service to the protection of our coun-try abroad, as well as his fellow sol-diers at home. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 1326, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), the sponsor of 
this legislation. 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from North Carolina and my colleague from the Virgin Islands. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support 
of H.R. 1326, to dedicate the post office located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mul-berry, Florida, after Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson. 
The tragic events of April 2, 2014, 
when a shooter killed three of his fel-low servicemembers at Fort Hood, Texas, shook our military community and our Nation. 
However, some may not remember a 
story of heroism that came out of that horrific event. Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson, who was stationed at Fort Hood along with his fiance, sac-rificed his life to save his fellow sol-diers. A veteran of Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan, Sergeant First Class Fer-guson bravely wedged himself against a set of unlocked doors to block the attacker’s advance. Without his heroic actions, those present that day have 
said there would have been many more casualties and fatalities. 
Sergeant First Class Ferguson suc-
cumbed to the wounds he sustained during this act of violence, leaving be-hind many heartbroken loved ones but also very many grateful soldiers. With-out hesitation, Sergeant First Class Ferguson gave his own life to protect the lives of his fellow men and women in uniform. 
Sergeant First Class Ferguson was a 
tremendous soldier and a graduate of Mulberry High School who gave the ul-timate sacrifice for the love of his country. 
That is why, in honor of his coura-
geous sacrifice, I am proud to intro-duce this bill and proud to ask my col-leagues to recognize such an honorable American. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.023 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4359 June 15, 2015 
For Sergeant First Class Ferguson, 
his family, and the residents of Mul-berry, Florida, I ask that my col-leagues join me in supporting such a worthy cause. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1326. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HERMAN BADILLO POST OFFICE 
BUILDING 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1350) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building.’’ 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1350 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. HERMAN BADILLO POST OFFICE 
BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks, and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1350, 
introduced by Representative J
OSE´E. 
SERRANO . 
H.R. 1350 designates the post office 
located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the Herman Badillo Post Office Building. Mr. Badillo was a United States Con-
gressman who represented the South Bronx. He was born in Puerto Rico and has the distinction of being the first United States Congressman of Puerto Rican heritage. 
Throughout his life, Mr. Badillo over-
came hardship and adversity. After being orphaned at a young age, he moved to the United States when he was 11. From there, he went on to achieve great things. 
Mr. Badillo graduated with honors 
from City College in 1951 and, shortly thereafter, graduated from Brooklyn Law School, where he was valedic-torian of his class. In addition to the first Puerto Rican-born Congressman, he was the first Puerto Rican-born city commissioner and Bronx Borough president. 
I agree with my colleague Represent-
ative S
ERRANO ’s assessment of Mr. 
Badillo: he truly is a testament to the American Dream. 
Herman Badillo passed away on De-
cember 3, 2014. Naming a postal facility for Mr. Badillo in the community that he served will honor him as the great public servant he was. 
I urge Members to support this bill, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As a Virgin Islander living next door 
to Puerto Rico and as a former assist-ant district attorney in Bronx County, where Mr. Badillo lived, it gives me great pleasure to join my colleagues in supporting H.R. 1350, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the Herman Badillo Post Office Building. 
Born in Caguas, Puerto Rico, on Au-
gust 21, 1929, Mr. Badillo went on to be-come America’s first Puerto Rican- born Congressman and a prominent fig-ure in New York City politics. The only son of Francisco and Carmen Rivera Badillo, he suffered the loss of both his parents by his fifth birthday. He was taken in by relatives, and at the age of 11, without knowing English, moved to East Harlem, New York. He learned English and excelled in school, working his way through college and law school as a dishwasher, bowling pinsetter, and accountant. After graduating with high honors from City College in 1951, Her-man went on to become valedictorian of his Brooklyn Law School class in 1954. 
Herman Badillo practiced law in New 
York and won election as Bronx Bor-ough president in 1965. He ran for Con-gress and won in 1970. While Mr. Badillo was considered a Democrat dur-ing his 7 years in this Chamber, he did not view himself as bound by party loy-alties. Mr. Badillo served this Chamber with honor and distinction for 7 years before resigning his seat in 1977 to serve the people of New York as deputy mayor to New York Mayor Ed Koch. Mr. Badillo continued to serve the city of New York and remained involved in education reform until he died at age 85 on December 3, 2014. He is survived 
by his wife, Gail, and his son, David. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this 
bill to honor Herman Badillo’s lifetime of service and dedication to the city of New York and to this country. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 1350, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ). 
(Mr. SERRANO asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Ms. P
LASKETT for the time, and thank 
both Mr. W ALKER and Ms. P LASKETT for 
that wonderful presentation of the life of one of my predecessors, Herman Badillo. And so rather than get into the details that have already been mentioned, let me just tell you person-ally what it means to me, what he meant to me, and what this loss of his passing means to all of us. 
Herman came along at a time when 
Puerto Ricans in New York were seen as good, hard-working people, but some people were not crazy about the idea of us being in public office or in govern-ment, and he showed the way. Having been valedictorian at law school, he came and he immediately got involved in local politics. It is said that by the age of 18, he was already running for local office in East Harlem. 
He became the first Bronx Borough 
president. That is equivalent to a coun-ty executive of Puerto Rican back-ground. Then he ran for Congress, being the first voting Member of Con-gress. Let me just explain that for a second. There has been a Member of Congress from Puerto Rico since 1998, but none, to this day, has had full vot-ing rights. He was the first one of Puer-to Rican background with full voting rights in 1970. 
He left this place that he loved so 
much to become deputy mayor because he felt that he could make a difference in New York, and he served under the administration of Ed Koch. During the time he was here, he helped to found the Congressional Hispanic Caucus; he helped with issues of education and housing, and just economic develop-ment for our community. 
But for those of us who were starting 
out, he stood as a giant. He stood as this tall man, which he was, who was totally bilingual, who could speak well, who could think well, who was so calm yet so aggressive, and he inspired all of us. I know that on the House floor we don’t mention political campaigns, but it can be said that when I first ran in 1974 for the State assembly, he was at my side. And that was part of who he was. 
He encouraged young people from the 
community, from all walks of life, to get involved in politics. I remember he always used to tell me, Make sure the same thing everywhere you go. Don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.026 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4360 June 15, 2015 
play to that audience and then play to 
that audience, because, first of all, that is wrong and, secondly, you will get caught up in making a mistake or tell-ing a lie. So make sure you say what you feel from the heart, even if it up-sets people. 
Now in New York, it is very fashion-
able, although it takes hard work, for Latinos of all different groups to be members of the city council and the State assembly and the State Senate and, yes, the Congress. But when Her-man came along, that wasn’t the case. He opened up those doors, and he in-spired all of us to become who we are today. I could not be a Member of Con-gress now had he not shown the way that people like us could, in fact, be a Member of Congress. 
Part of most of the district I rep-
resent used to be in his district, so this was a great loss to us. By naming a post office, we can at least always have his name vivid and that respect vivid for this person who came from Puerto Rico and, as was said, who lost both his parents before the age of 5; who came to New York with an aunt not speaking English hardly at all, and yet who ex-celled in school and became this figure who was nationally known. 
So, Herman, we thank you for who 
you were. We thank you for your lead-ership. But most of all, we thank you for putting our community on the po-litical map. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1350. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1730 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM 
B. WOODS, JR. POST OFFICE 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 728) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 728 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM B. 
WOODS, JR. POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 728, intro-
duced by Representative B
LAINE  
LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 728 designates the 
post office located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office. 
Sergeant First Class Woods was a 
Special Forces senior medical sergeant and native of Hermann, Missouri. After graduation from Northwest High School in Cedar Hill, Missouri, he en-listed with the United States Marine Corps as a rifleman in 1996. Sergeant First Class Woods later enlisted in the United States Army, and in 2003, he at-tended the Special Forces qualifica-tions course. Sergeant First Class Woods earned the distinguished green beret and was deployed to Afghanistan in July 2009 in support of Operation En-during Freedom. 
He gave his life for his country about 
a month later. On August 16, 2009, in a hospital in Germany, Sergeant First Class Woods died from wounds he sus-tained while conducting a mounted pa-trol in Ghazni province, Afghanistan, 2 days before. 
Sergeant First Class Woods will be 
remembered not only for his personal accomplishments, graduating from many of the Army’s elite schools and earning numerous medals, but also as the example of courage and sacrifice. I urge Members to support this bill to name a post office in honor of this brave young soldier. 
I would like to add that Congressman 
L
UETKEMEYER was, unfortunately, un-
able to make it this evening for the consideration of his bill, so I will sub-mit for the R
ECORD a statement from 
the Congressman. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues in 
supporting H.R. 728, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the Sergeant 
First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office. 
Born in Hermann, Missouri, William 
Woods, Jr., studied photography at Montana State University. Following in the footsteps of a long line of mili-tary men in his family, William en-listed in the United States Marine Corps in 1996. 
There, he served as a scout sniper 
until joining the U.S. Army Special Forces as a senior medical sergeant in 2003. He was assigned to B Company, 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group and was stationed in Glen Arm, Maryland. 
Tragically, while serving as a doctor 
in Ghazni province, Afghanistan, Ser-geant First Class Woods, Jr., was shot and killed while on patrol on August 16, 2009. 
Sergeant First Class Woods, Jr., is 
survived by his wife, Elizabeth, and two daughters, Lily and Ella. He is re-membered as an adventurous outdoors-man, as well as a dedicated family man, loyal husband, and loving father. Sergeant First Class Woods, Jr., re-ceived a number of awards, including the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart, for his service. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in supporting this bill to honor the valiant service and sacrifices of Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr., and of his family. I urge the pas-sage of H.R. 728. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
the adoption of this bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of my legislation, H.R. 728, which would designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office.’’ 
SFC Woods was a decorated constituent of 
the Third district of Missouri who dedicated his life to protecting our country. After graduation from Northwest High School in Cedar Hill, Mis-souri, he first enlisted with the United States Marine Corps in 1996 as a rifleman, and later enlisted in the United States Army where he attended the Special Forces Qualification Course in 2003 and earned the Green Beret. While in the U.S. Army, SFC Woods was as-signed to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne) and deployed to Af-ghanistan in 2009 during Operation Enduring Freedom. 
On August 16, 2009, SFC Woods died in 
Germany from wounds sustained while con-ducting a mounted patrol in the Ghazni Prov-ince, Afghanistan on August 14, 2009. He is survived by his loving wife, Elizabeth, and two daughters. 
SFC Woods’ many awards and decorations 
include the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, National Defense Medal, and Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Bronze Service Star, among many others. 
I am honored to name this post office after 
SFC Woods. His dedication and sacrifices for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.028 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4361 June 15, 2015 
our country should not go unnoticed, and it is 
the least I can do to honor such a courageous soldier. 
I want to thank the entire Missouri Delega-
tion for coming together to cosponsor this leg-islation, and Chairman C
HAFFETZ for promptly 
considering this legislation in the House Over-sight and Government Reform Committee. It would be an honor to name the Cedar Hill post office in my district after this courageous soldier, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 728. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 34 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
EED) at 6 o’clock and 31 
minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H. Res. 233, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2559, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
URGING IRAN TO RELEASE ALL 
DETAINED UNITED STATES CITI-ZENS AND PROVIDE ANY INFOR-MATION REGARDING UNITED STATES CITIZENS THAT HAVE DISAPPEARED WITHIN ITS BOR-DERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 233) expressing the sense of the House of Representa-tives that Iran should immediately re-lease the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 391, nays 0, not voting 42, as follows: 
[Roll No. 364] 
YEAS—391 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—42 
Babin Barton Blum Bost Bustos Byrne Clarke (NY) Clyburn Conyers Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Dold Duckworth Edwards Fudge 
Gibbs Grayson Griffith Gutie´rrez 
Higgins Hinojosa Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kind King (NY) Lipinski Luetkemeyer Meeks Moore 
Poe (TX) Quigley Ribble Roskam Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Sewell (AL) Stutzman Tipton Walters, Mimi Wilson (SC) Wittman 
b1858 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his 
vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 364, 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
PFC MILTON A. LEE MEDAL OF 
HONOR MEMORIAL HIGHWAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2559) to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memo-rial Highway’’ in the State of Texas, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.013 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4362 June 15, 2015 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 389, nays 0, not voting 44, as follows: 
[Roll No. 365] 
YEAS—389 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—44 
Barton Blum Bost Bustos Byrne Clarke (NY) Clyburn Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Dold Duckworth Edwards Fudge Gibbs Grayson Griffith Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Higgins Hinojosa Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kind King (NY) Larsen (WA) Lipinski Luetkemeyer McHenry Meeks Moore Poe (TX) Quigley Ribble 
Rokita Roskam Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Sewell (AL) Stutzman Tipton Walters, Mimi Wilson (SC) Wittman 
b1906 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing the votes on H. Res. 233 and H.R. 2559, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on both of the afore-mentioned bills. REPORT ON H.R. 2772, DEPART-
MENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OP-ERATIONS, AND RELATED PRO-GRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Ms. GRANGER, from the Committee 
on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–154) on the bill (H.R. 2772) making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
URBELO of Florida). Pursuant to 
clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO EDEN 
PRAIRIE GIRLS LACROSSE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Eden Prairie High School Girls Lacrosse Team for clinching the Minnesota State Cham-pionship. Winning the title was no easy task for the Eagles as it took back-to- back overtime wins in both the semifinals and finals before they were crowned champions. 
In the finals, it even took a second 
overtime before junior Kelly Wolfe tossed in the winning goal with just over a minute left to deliver the title to Eden Prairie. 
Mr. Speaker, in order to compete at a 
high enough level to win a State cham-pionship, these student athletes devote countless hours honing their athletic skills, while still excelling in the class-room and juggling family and social re-sponsibilities. The parents, the fami-lies, friends, and fans and the entire Eden Prairie community is very proud of these high school athletes. 
Once again, congratulations to the 
Eden Prairie Girls Lacrosse Team on a job well done. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 
NESHANNOCK HIGH LANCERS AND KNOCH HIGH KNIGHTS PENNSYLVANIA STATE CHAM-PION BASEBALL TEAMS 
(Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, it is my great pleasure to con-gratulate not one, but two Pennsyl-vania State champion baseball teams from the Third Congressional District. The Neshannock High Lancers and Knoch High Knights capped off historic seasons last week to take home the PIAA Class AA and AAA baseball championships. 
It was the Lancers’ second baseball 
State title in school history and the first State title in any sport for the Knoch Knights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.035 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4363 June 15, 2015 
It takes a lot of special people and a 
lot of hard work to mold a champion, so I offer a sincere thank you to the players, to their families, and to Lanc-er Coach Mike Kirkwood and Knight Coach George Bradley for not bringing just a championship to your commu-nities, but just as importantly, the pride that comes with it. 
Last week, your baseball teams 
earned a special place in the long and storied history of western Pennsyl-vania student athletics. Because of it, I am very proud to say: Go Lancers, and go Knights. 
f 
RECIPIENTS OF THE ANNUAL 
YELLOW DOG AWARD 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Susan Gibson Perry and Sherri Huston Schulze, both recipients of the annual Yellow Dog Award. 
This award, presented by the Penn 
Brad Oil Museum in Custer City, Penn-sylvania, honors Susan and Sherri’s leadership and dedication in preserving the history of the Bradford Oil Field. 
The Bradford Oil Field was the 
world’s first billion-dollar oilfield, and today, the Penn Brad Oil Museum pre-serves the philosophy and spirit of the historic oil community. 
Mr. Speaker, Susan and Sherri have 
strong ties to the oil industry, each dating back five generations. Susan re-calls learning about the oil industry from her father and uncle. In 1995, she began work with the Penn Brad Oil Museum and eventually served as its president from 2003 to 2014. 
Sherri originally came to the mu-
seum for research purposes, but began working at the museum in 2000 and spent 10 years serving the museum in various roles. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to con-
gratulate these two outstanding women, and I thank them for their years of dedicated service and con-tributions to the Pennsylvania oil in-dustry and the Bradford community. 
f 
WE NEED TO SAVE RIVERSIDE 
HOSPITAL 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, be-
fore leaving my district, I had the great excitement of presiding over or introducing a new medical center to the Acres Homes community and to the community of Houston, the UMC Center, organized by committed and dedicated doctors. This facility is for-merly the Doctor’s Hospital Tidwell in historic Acres Homes community. 
The real value and significance are 
two things. One, Americans need access to good health care. With the Afford-able Care Act, we have been able to siz-
ably bring down the 25 percent of Tex-ans who are uninsured. We have been able to expand with community health clinics. 
For those States who have accepted 
the expanded Medicaid, which includes Ohio under Governor Kasich, a former Member of this body, and, as well, the State of Kentucky, they have seen a sizable dent in those who are unin-sured. 
I want to thank those doctors work-
ing with me and working with the Texas Department of State Health Services, the U.S. Department of Health, recognizing that an inner-city hospital, a hospital dealing with those aged populations and children and young families, is valuable to save. We need to save Riverside Hospital. 
I want to congratulate those doctors, 
and we will work together to be able to provide good health care for all of the community. 
f 
b1915 
CONGRATULATING THE CLASS OF 
2015 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, over the last 
few weeks, many families have proudly watched their sons and daughters re-ceive their high school diplomas at ceremonies across North Carolina. On Saturday, I cheered as my grandson Kenan walked across that stage and graduated from Watauga High School. 
These new graduates have been 
blessed with some wonderful teachers. They have learned a great deal—les-sons in math, science, history, and lit-erature—but they have also learned lessons in self-discipline, compassion, patience, and understanding. 
This learning didn’t all take place in 
the classroom. Much of it was learned at home with their families, out with their friends, on the football field, dur-ing summer jobs, and even in brief interactions with unexpected people. 
The choices ahead of them are many, 
and the road to success will have its detours, but they can be anything they want to be by meeting every challenge with integrity and determination. 
The class of 2015, set your goals and 
find your dreams. Congratulations. 
f 
MAGNA CARTA’S 800TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today, 
we celebrate the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta, a document with principles that served as a cornerstone in our Nation’s founding as the Repub-lic of the United States of America. 
Eight hundred years ago to the day, 
following the unyielding and commend-able efforts of rebel barons who would 
no longer accept the arbitrary abuses under a tyrannical monarchy, King John placed his seal on this Latin text, subjecting every person, whether he be king or peasant, to the rule of law. It was this exact premise on which the document based its lasting legacy, to be a nation of laws rather than a na-tion of men. 
This idea is just as important today 
as it was 800 years ago. It can be no better represented than in the protec-tions guaranteed under the Fifth Amendment of our Constitution, stat-ing that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. 
I rise today to honor 800 years of 
Magna Carta and to show my apprecia-tion for all those who have made the tremendous sacrifice to defend the founding principles derived from the ideas of liberty and justice. 
f 
MAY GOD BLESS THE MEN AND 
WOMEN OF THE ARMED SERVICES 
(Mr. CHAFFETZ asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in the hope that we will, as a nation, pause and thank the men and women who have served in our armed services. 
Every day, men and women who 
wake up and serve their Nation do so at the risk of their own lives. They leave behind loved ones and families and brothers and sisters and mothers and fathers and kids. 
They serve, who knows where? When 
they enter the service, they don’t know where they are going to serve, but they know that they love the United States of America, and they are willing to put their lives on the line. That has hap-pened throughout generations of time. Millions of people have answered that call to serve. 
The least we can do as a nation is be 
grateful and give pause, give prayer, and give thanks to these men and women who will serve us in the future and who have served us in the past. May God bless them, and may God bless the United States of America. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, the House 
faces yet another deadline at the end of this month to reauthorize an agency that levels the playing field for Amer-ican manufacturers, reduces the def-icit, and has supported 1.3 million jobs since 2009. That agency is the Export- Import Bank. 
In my district alone, Ex-Im has sup-
ported a total export of more than $2.4 billion, and more than half of the com-panies that work with them are local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.037 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4364 June 15, 2015 
small businesses. From New York 
Apple Sales to Imperial Pools, busi-nesses in New York’s capital region and across the Nation have benefited greatly from the work of the Export- Import Bank, and there is absolutely no reason it should fall victim to the same culture of politics and brinksmanship that has cloaked this body for the past few years. 
There are 1,053 business organiza-
tions, including the United States Chamber of Commerce and the Capital Region Chambers of Commerce, that have urged Republican House leader-ship to renew Ex-Im. 
A majority of this House, including 
180 of my Democratic colleagues who have signed the discharge petition to reauthorize the Bank, have expressed support to renew Ex-Im. 
All we need now is a vote. Our small 
businesses, our workers, and our tax-payers deserve it. Let’s make it hap-pen. 
f 
NO PERSON IS ABOVE THE LAW 
(Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in search of an answer to a very simple question. 
Assistant Secretary Sarah Saldana, 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, appeared before the House Appropriations Home-land Security Subcommittee on April 15. I serve on the subcommittee, and I questioned the Assistant Secretary about President Obama’s comments he made in February of this year. 
The President said: ‘‘If somebody is 
working for ICE and there is a policy and they don’t follow the policy, there are going to be consequences to it.’’ He was commenting on ICE agents’ fol-lowing his directives and guidelines. 
I used this opportunity to tell the As-
sistant Secretary that, if I had office policies that were contrary to the law, I would understand if my employees did not want to follow them. ‘‘I would expect them to follow the law first,’’ I said. 
Director Saldana interrupted me to 
say: ‘‘That is where you and I probably have a fundamental disagreement.’’ 
America was founded on the principle 
that no person is above the law. I take that very seriously. The culture prob-lems at ICE run very deep, but I think they start at the top. 
My colleagues and I decided this was 
unacceptable and that we needed to in-vestigate her statement and philosophy further, so we followed up with a letter to Assistant Secretary Saldana on May 15, asking for clarification. 
I should note we asked for a response 
by June 5; yet, 31 days since the re-quest and 10 days since the deadline, we have not seen a response from the Assistant Secretary. This should be deeply troubling to all in this House. 
Mr. Speaker, I submit a copy of this 
letter for the R
ECORD . CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, May 15, 2015. 
SARAH R. S ALDAN ˜A, 
Assistant Secretary, U.S. Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement, Washington, DC. 
DEAR ASSISTANT SECRETARY SALDAN ˜A: We 
write to request additional information and clarification regarding your recent testi-mony before the House Appropriations Sub-committee on Homeland Security. We are greatly troubled by this administration’s di-rectives attempting to supersede immigra-tion enforcement protocols laid out in fed-eral law. Just as troubling is President Obama’s assertion that Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents who do not follow his directives will be held ‘‘an-swerable to the head of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ and ‘‘there will be con-sequences to it.’’ 
When questioned during the hearing about 
your actions to implement the President’s policies, you stated that you have a ‘‘funda-mental disagreement’’ that ICE agents should follow federal law if a superior has in-structed them not to. We want to be clear: your agency is not above the law, and you and your employees are expected to uphold the laws of this country, as you have sworn to. 
We have heard reports of agents who face 
retribution or threats for following the law. ICE agents are diligently working to enforce the laws of this nation. They should not be worried about facing disciplinary action for faithfully executing their duty. 
We write today seeking specific answers to 
these questions on ICE’s actions to imple-ment these policies. 
(1) We would like to know the legal ration-
ale your agency has used to justify holding executive memos as superior to the plain language of federal statute and how that al-lows you to punish agents who are following the law. 
(2) We also request that you provide us 
with the protocols agents have been in-structed to follow dealing with the Presi-dent’s directives and current guidelines on the disciplinary actions that agents face for not following them. 
(3) To date, has ICE taken any adverse ac-
tion against any career employee for not fol-lowing the President’s policy and what are the details of that action? 
(4) Lastly, if these executive actions are ul-
timately found to be illegal through the cur-rent litigation challenging them and struck down by a federal court, how will punished agents receive restitution in full from ICE? 
You are responsible for making sure these 
agents are equipped with the resources they need to do this, not threaten them with pun-ishment for it. We ask that you respond to these questions by June 5th. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVID YOUNG , 
Member of Congress. 
JOHNCULBERSON , 
Member of Congress. 
CHUCK FLEISCHMANN , 
Member of Congress. 
JOHNCARTER , 
Member of Congress. 
DR. ANDYHARRIS , 
Member of Congress. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS: 
THE MISSING BLACK MALE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me 
begin by thanking the members of the Congressional Black Caucus who are joining me here tonight. 
The topic of tonight’s discussion is: 
the missing Black male. Tonight, as a caucus, we will address the issues af-fecting Black males, including incar-ceration, health, the increasing suicide rate among Black youth, and the miss-ing Black male in our society. 
It was recently reported by The New 
York Times that 1.5 million African American men are missing. What do we mean when we say 1.5 million Black men are missing? As we speak, hun-dreds of thousands of Black men are sitting in prisons throughout this Na-tion. Others have died from homicide— the leading cause of death for young Black men—and from diseases that dis-proportionately impact African Amer-ican males. 
Then there are others, like Freddie 
Gray, Michael Brown, Tamir Rice, and Eric Garner, who are no longer with us because of excessive force by police which has cut their lives short. 
It is clear that our law enforcement 
system and criminal justice system aren’t working for African Americans and other minorities. It is also clear that we need a new approach into other areas, including reducing health dis-parities among African American men and boys. Tonight, we will diagnose the problems behind America’s 1.5 million missing African American men and help identify solutions to this national problem. 
While African Americans make up 14 
percent of the U.S. population, they comprise 38 percent of those in the U.S. prison population and 60 percent of those in solitary confinement. In 2010, African American men were six times as likely as White men to be incarcer-ated in Federal, State, and local jails. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an issue that is 
plaguing the African American com-munity, as we see a disproportionate number of African American men who are incarcerated in this Nation. We are trying to figure out why they make up 14 percent of the population and 60 per-cent of those incarcerated. It just doesn’t add up. 
Right now, Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to introduce the chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, who has al-lowed me to anchor this hour. 
It is my honor to yield to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ). 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. First, let me 
begin by thanking the gentleman from New Jersey for his leadership and for his willingness to lead this hour, not only tonight, but for agreeing to do it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.038 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4365 June 15, 2015 
throughout this year. I thank the gen-
tleman so very much for his leadership and for all that he does not only for the people of the State of New Jersey, but for America. 
Mr. Speaker, statistic: for every 100 
African American women, there are only 83 African American men. This gap equals 1.5 million Black men who are essentially missing from everyday life in America. These numbers are simply staggering. The fact that Black men have long been more likely to be locked up and more likely to die is a problem. 
Compounded with the deep dispari-
ties that continue to impact the oppor-tunities afforded to African American males, the gender gap leaves, as re-ported, many households without enough men to be fathers and husbands within the community. 
The statistics show that most Afri-
can Americans live in places with a sig-nificant shortage of African American men while most Whites live in places with rough parity between White men and White women. The two leading causes of this gap are incarceration and early deaths, with homicide being the leading cause of death for young African American males; but Black males also die from heart disease, res-piratory disease, and accidents more often than other demographic groups, including African American women. 
This gender gap does not exist in 
childhood as there are roughly as many African American boys as there are Af-rican American girls; yet, as they grow up, an imbalance begins to appear dur-ing their teenage years, and it persists through adulthood. 
We now see an increasing number of 
suicides—yes, suicides—by young Afri-can American males while the rate for White children has declined. While any increase is problematic, we have to wonder: What is happening? What is happening with our African American youth that has led to this staggering increase? 
The CBC is committed to reducing 
the school to prison pipeline so that our kids aren’t unfairly profiled and placed in the criminal justice system. We are committed to ensuring funding for summer jobs programs and job training programs so that our youth have opportunities to develop their skills instead of having idle time dur-ing the summer months. 
The CBC is committed to increasing 
resources for families and increasing family engagement. We must support programs and initiatives that will help us provide opportunities for young Af-rican American men. 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
New Jersey for his leadership. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank the chairman for gracing us with his comments and for dem-onstrating true leadership in the Con-gressional Black Caucus. 
Next, we have a distinguished mem-
ber of this caucus. She hails from Houston, Texas, and has always been on the right side of these issues and 
has brought light to them. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from 
Houston, Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the manager of this hour, Mr. P AYNE , 
and all of my colleagues and my chair-man, who has just spoken and who set the tone very eloquently and with deep conviction. 
In his having served on the supreme 
court for the State of North Carolina, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD understands the 
issues of justice, and I applaud him for taking this cause up as well. The gen-tlewoman from New Jersey and the gentleman from Louisiana, let me thank them as well for the words that they will say. 
Let me also say that this is a team 
and that we will work as a team on our respective committees to be able to bring this issue to a productive solu-tion. 
b1930 
I have always said—as a member of 
the Committee on the Judiciary for a number of years now, serving on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investiga-tions—that we must breathe life into change, and as legislators we must come to a point where we bring legisla-tion for final signature by the Presi-dent of the United States of America. So I thank Mr. P
AYNE for giving us this 
opportunity. 
Let me rush quickly through my re-
marks because one could be here for a very long time. As I do so, let me take note that this is the 150th year com-memoration of the 13th Amendment; that is the freeing of individuals from slavery. It is the 150th year also of the commemoration of Juneteenth, and that is, of course, a regional holiday that the Nation celebrates, which is the acknowledgment that the slaves were freed pursuant to the Emanci-pation Proclamation issued in 1863. Texans, who will celebrate this on June 19th, and many others travel through-out the Nation Juneteenth. I say that because it is a question of freedom. When we have the ability, Mr. P
AYNE , 
to save lives, that is a question of free-
dom. 
I want to thank The New York Times 
for writing about this research. I want to hold this up. ‘‘Rise in Suicide By Black Children Surprises Researchers.’’ Researchers did not come predisposed to get this answer, but they got this answer. The opening sentence says: ‘‘The suicide rate among Black chil-dren has nearly doubled since the early 1990s.’’ They did not expect this to come forward, but it contributes to the story in The New York Times: about 1.5 million men are missing. In New York almost 120,000 Black men between ages 25 and 54, missing from everyday life; Chicago, 45,000; and more than 30,000 are missing in Philadelphia. Across the South, from North Charleston, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mis-sissippi, and up into Ferguson, hun-dreds of thousands more are missing. African American men have long 
been more likely to be locked up, more likely to die young. A city with at least 10,000 Black residents that has the single largest population of missing men? Ferguson, Missouri, where a fatal police shooting catapulted this ques-tion to the national attention. 
Incarceration and early deaths are 
overwhelming. Of the 1.5 million miss-ing men from 25 to 54, which demog-raphers call the prime-age years, high-er imprisonment rates account for al-most 600,000. Let me say that again: higher imprisonment rates account for 600,000. Almost 1 in 12 Black men in this age group are behind bars, com-pared with 1 in 60 non-Black men in the same age group. 
Whenever we talk about the shoot-
ings in South Carolina, Ohio, Ferguson, I hear people saying, what about Black-on-Black crime? As if we, as Af-rican Americans, run away from facts. We do not. But we recognize that the fight to preserve lives in the African American community is societal and 
holistic. It deals with education and job opportunities and health care and mental health care, and it calls upon the Nation to respond. But it does not put aside what we have faced over the years by killings of Black men, even from the time of slavery and Recon-struction into the 1900s, all through the time of segregation. We found that they were in the eye of the storm. 
So let’s not distract or detour from 
the crisis of incarceration and the cri-sis of what happens in the African American community in the justice system by suggesting that any of us are ignoring Black-on-Black crime. I am glad that the Congressional Black Caucus wants to look at the holistic issue of how do you solve this problem. It does not take the attacking of the Black community, of ignoring the fact that crime is perpetrated there. I think everyone knows that perpetrating crime impacts your neighbors, impacts where you live, just as it does in inci-dents dealing with White crime or White-on-White crime or Hispanic or Asian. People usually engage with those who are familiar. 
So I am looking to work with this 
very august body to talk about how we can stop the tide of suicide and the in-carceration of our young people. Let me cite these examples as I come to a close. Let me just give you the example of Kelvin Mikhail Smallwood-Jones, who was a dean’s list student with a 4.0 grade point average on a full academic scholarship to one of the most re-spected historically Black colleges in the country. Prior to enrolling in At-lanta’s Morehouse College in the fall of 2006, he was a football star and home-coming king at his Washington, D.C.- area high school. An English sopho-more, he dabbled in photography, men-toring at-risk youth in his free time. Last winter he was planning an elabo-rate birthday celebration, and he was preparing to accept a prestigious sum-mer internship. He never made it to ei-ther. On February 23, 2008, less than 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.040 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4366 June 15, 2015 
weeks before his 20th birthday, Kelvin 
shot himself in the head with his moth-er’s gun on the deck of a suburban At-lanta farmhouse that she bought to live closer to him. 
This very statement is hurting, is 
hurting the family, but it means that we must collectively come together to address the question of the pain, of the disparate treatment, the disparate treatment in education, and to get to the source of Mr. Smallwood-Jones’ pain so that we can, in fact, find a solu-tion. 
On the criminal justice—and I realize 
that criminal justice is not the answer to all, but it is a side parallel effort that we must correct in order to give dignity to those who may have de-toured but yet do not need to be con-demned for life. I intend to introduce a number of legislative initiatives be-sides those which are ongoing, as we are discussing the mandatory mini-mums, to focus on the criminal justice side of dealing with juveniles: an effec-tive speedy trial, bail reform, and a sol-itary confinement safeguards for juve-niles act. Most people don’t realize that when these young men are incar-cerated, rather than giving them an op-portunity, rather than promoting the PROMISE Act of our colleague, Mr. S
COTT, and giving alternatives to in-
carceration, but more importantly to people’s lives, we throw them in jail. Many of us know the tragic story of the 16-year-old who was in solitary confinement for 3 years, was ulti-mately released, and committed sui-cide. 
So we look forward to our colleagues 
joining in this legislation, an effective, speedy trial, bail reform, and solitary confinement safeguards for juveniles act of 2015, to alter the holding of juve-niles so that they come out whole and ready to be rehabilitated and to be wel-comed into society. The Nonviolent Of-fenders Act, which will diminish the amount of time that African American men serve in a Federal prison system that does not have parole. And then we want to introduce the RAISE Act to es-tablish a better path for young offend-ers to ensure that there is a way for judges, even though juveniles are treat-ed differently, to give an alternative assessment in giving them or sen-tencing them when they run afoul of the law. 
Mind you, they are in juvenile court 
for status offenses, for truancy and others. This young man was incarcer-ated for taking a knapsack, and he in-sisted he did not take it. That is why he was still there. He did not take it, but he couldn’t get to trial. How hor-rible a life, 3 years of solitary confine-ment. 
So, Mr. P
AYNE , let me thank you for 
leading forward on this august day and time, this year of commemorating the 150th year of the 13th Amendment, when we were declared free, meaning the ancestors’ African American slaves. It should be a telling moment that this is also the 50th year of the commemoration of the 1965 Voting 
Rights Act. This should be the year that we restore the voting rights to in-dividuals who have detoured. We should restore section 5. We should preach freedom. We should encourage those who want to advocate for fixing the criminal justice system, which can incarcerate and enslave and as well deny freedom. 
This is a time that we can join to-
gether in the Congressional Black Cau-cus and free people in the right way and put them on a pathway of contrib-uting to this great country. They are worthy, and they have the talent, the stardom to contribute. I look forward to working with all of you for that journey and for those results. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my col-
leagues of the Congressional Black Caucus in 
this Special Order to speak to the issues that Members of the 114th Congress must ad-dress. 
I thank my colleagues Congressman D
ON-
ALDM. P AYNE , Jr. and Congresswoman R OBIN 
L. K ELLY for leading this evening’s Congres-
sional Black Caucus Special Order on ‘‘The Missing Black Male’’. 
We are in a time where the news of young 
black men being incarcerated and losing their lives is all too common. 
As highlighted in a recent NY Times article, 
1.5 million black men are missing from every-day life, as a result of incarceration or early death. 
In New York, almost 120,000 black men be-
tween the ages of 25 and 54 are missing from everyday life. In Chicago, 45,000 are, and more than 30,000 are missing in Philadelphia. Across the South—from North Charleston, S.C., through Georgia, Alabama and Mis-sissippi and up into Ferguson, Mo.—hundreds of thousands more are missing. 
African-American men have long been more 
likely to be locked up and more likely to die young, but the scale of the combined toll is jolting. 
It is a measure of the deep disparities that 
continue to afflict black men—disparities being debated after a recent spate of killings by the police—and the gender gap is itself a further cause of social ills, leaving many communities without enough men to be fathers and hus-bands. 
And what is the city with at least 10,000 
black residents that has the single largest pro-portion of missing black men? Ferguson, Mo., where a fatal police shooting last year led to nationwide protests and a Justice Department investigation that found widespread discrimina-tion against black residents. 
It is critical that we look to training that will 
lead to cohesive policing in areas of minority concentrations. 
We need to focus on improving relationships 
between law enforcement and communities most impacted by cases of police brutality and incarceration. 
Incarceration and early deaths are the over-
whelming drivers of the gap. 
Of the 1.5 million missing black men from 
25 to 54—which demographers call the prime- age years—higher imprisonment rates account for almost 600,000. 
Almost 1 in 12 black men in this age group 
are behind bars, compared with 1 in 60 nonblack men in the age group, 1 in 200 black women and 1 in 500 nonblack women. Higher mortality is the other main cause. 
Homicide, the leading cause of death for 
young African-American men, plays a large role, and they also die from heart disease, respiratory disease and accidents more often than other demographic groups, including black women. 
We also are seeing a shocking and trou-
bling increase in suicide rates amongst our young black youth. 
Also noted by the NY Times, the suicide 
rate among black children has nearly doubled since the early 1990s. 
Between 1993 and 1997 suicide was the 
14th cause of death among black children. 
Between 2008 and 2012, suicide was the 
9th leading cause of death among black chil-dren. 
In 2005, when suicide was the 3rd leading 
cause of death among African-American youth—1621 of the 1,992 suicides completed by African-Americans were black boys (371 of 1,992 were female). 
Thus, looking specifically to our young black 
men with this growing trend of suicide rates, we must highlight the fact that black males are six times more likely to commit suicide than their female counterparts. 
Increase in Black male suicides is not sur-
prising considering the ‘‘unique social and en-vironmental stressors, including racism,’’ they have to deal with. 
Interestingly, just 4 percent of the nation’s 
psychiatrists, 3 percent of the psychologists and 7 percent of social worker are black. 
The mental health profession needs to be-
come more culturally sensitive to the needs of our black youth and get out the message that it’s OK to get help and be vulnerable. 
Noticeably, girls get depressed and gravitate 
toward friends, family, church or other social institutions while through social conditioning. 
Yet, black males are taught to tough it out, 
stand strong, to get a grip, and ultimately iso-late when mental anguish becomes visible. 
As we saw with the recent and tragic case 
of Kalief Browder in New York—his plight was ignored and overlooked for far too long. 
Continued statistics and reports docu-
menting the death and disappearance of our young black males is unacceptable and must be addressed. 
We know that the disappearance of these 
men has far-reaching implications. 
We know there is a correlation between the 
mass incarceration and the destruction of the black home. 
The absence of black men disrupts family 
formation and foundation building for our young people. 
This in turn results in vulnerable feelings of 
little or no self-value or self-worth and lacking direction or foresight on ways to overcome dangerous ways of thinking and living. 
We need to give special attention to families 
and communities affected by incarceration and mental health problems—as we know many of our young black men are afflicted with abuse, trauma and unresolved stigmas of mental and emotional health. 
It is time to acknowledge the cracks in our 
foundation and treat our young with the atten-tion they deserve. 
We can no longer ignore gapping deficits 
that exist for our young black males—namely, in education, health care, mental health serv-ices, and general opportunities for growth and success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.041 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4367 June 15, 2015 
This special order is an opportunity to high-
light and raise awareness to the stark and tragic reality of young black males in America. 
Now is the time to change the course and 
save their lives. 
Mr. PAYNE. I would like to thank 
the gentlewoman from Houston, who always brings clarity to these issues and is a great contributor to the con-science of this Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman brings 
up a lot of good points in reference to incarceration and speaking about the young 16-year-old boy who spent that much time in solitary confinement and comes out and ends up committing sui-cide. 
What we have found in this country, 
as they have broken down the mental health institutions over the years, that what we are doing in this country is warehousing people who have mental health issues in prisons, and it is a way to warehouse and get the problem out of the way so we don’t see it, but a lot of people who are in prison these days have mental health issues and should be dealt with from that perspective as opposed to incarceration. 
It is my honor and privilege to ask 
my colleague from New Jersey, the Honorable B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN , 
who is known in New Jersey for her work around criminal justice in the State legislature and has joined us this year in the 114th Congress, for her re-marks with respect to tonight’s topic. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding and giving me the opportunity to lend my voice to what I think is a crisis that we are experiencing. 
As my colleagues before me have 
pointed out, particularly Representa-tive S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, we are in the 
midst of an American crisis, shaking the very foundation of the Black com-munity. The word crisis should moti-vate us to act now. Crisis describes a need for immediate action. Crisis calls for an immediate infusion of resources. Crisis requires a meeting of minds to find answers. 
If thousands of people disappeared in 
the prime of their lives, their friends, their families, their coworkers having no idea where they went, we would be calling that a crisis. Yet, for years, our young, Black men have disappeared from their homes, their communities, and everything that would have been their lives. 
Violence has taken them. Violence 
that we could have avoided with stronger schools to give youth the out-let that they need. Better jobs and job training to prepare these men to be supporters of strong families. Prisons have taken these men, prisons that we support through a legal system that dehumanizes men of color and enforces policies that all but ensure these men will enter an endless cycle of recidi-vism where more than 67 percent of them will come back into the commu-nities with no preparation, no assist-ance whatsoever in becoming whole and healthy in their communities. This is a nation that is quick to see 
these Black men as a problem, and this is a nation that seems to continue to ignore and deceive the slow, steady dis-appearance of 1.5 million Black men. This is devastating to our families and to our whole communities. It is past time that we see this for the crisis that it is and invest the resources and intel-lectual power that will end it and save our men and our families and our com-munities. 
There is a very witty African Amer-
ican comic who refers to the crisis of Black men and the need to get them on the endangered species list, because when we recognize that a species is en-dangered, we place value on that spe-cies. We place resources in every oppor-tunity to ensure that they continue, that they thrive, and that they live in the habitats that are healthy for them. 
Well, this is a situation of an endan-
gered species. This is, indeed, a crisis. So I thank my colleagues for drawing attention to this issue. 
Mr. PAYNE. I would like to thank 
my colleague from the Garden State of New Jersey. She has come to the Con-gress and hit the ground running. As great a legislator as she was in New Jersey, she is doing a magnificent job here in the Halls of Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, we have touched on 
many different topics, many different issues, and it is just really a difficult circumstance that these individuals face, you know; tremendous barriers to reentering society and pursuing edu-cation and gainful employment. 
When these men are incarcerated, 
their children suffer, too. Nearly 2 mil-lion children grow up in homes where one parent is in jail. Of course, low-ering the incarceration rates means we need to reevaluate the war on drugs. One out of every three African Amer-ican men will be incarcerated at some point in their lives. Most of these ar-rests are drug related. According to the National Urban League, mandatory minimums and disparities in crack co-caine sentencing incarcerates count-less African Americans for an inhu-mane length of time, and that made the U.S. the world leader in prison pop-ulation. 
b1945 
Now, is that something that this 
country wants to be known for? This has created a modern-day caste system in America. The incarceration rate for African Americans convicted of drug offenses is 10 times greater than that of White Americans, even though Ameri-cans engage in drug offenses at higher rates. 
We need to focus on rehabilitating 
drug users instead of incarcerating them and making it nearly impossible to reenter society. 
Mr. Speaker, with that, I would like 
to introduce the hero from last week’s game between the Republicans and the Democrats where he pitched a magnifi-cent game. Once again, we were vic-torious. I don’t believe that we have lost since he has arrived in Congress. It 
is the honorable gentleman from New Orleans, the honorable C
EDRIC RICH-
MOND , also known as ‘‘The Franchise.’’ 
I yield to the gentleman from Lou-
isiana (Mr. R ICHMOND ). 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from New Jersey for hosting our hour tonight, Congress-man D
ONALD PAYNE , who, like the old 
adage, is ‘‘a chip off the old block.’’ His father was an outstanding Congress-man from the district who did a lot for Africa, did a lot for urban cities. I see that Congressman P
AYNE , although in 
his second term, has taken up the ban-ner and is following in his father’s foot-steps quite adequately. 
Tonight we are talking about the 
missing Black male. The good news and the bad news is that I found him, and we know where they are. They are in-carcerated in prisons, they are in ceme-teries, and they are in unemployment lines. 
We know where they are not. They 
are not in the homes, and they are not providing leadership and mentoring to our young African American male chil-dren. 
The question tonight, I think, why 
we are here and why we are talking about it is, if you can’t talk about the problem and you can’t identify it, then you will never get to a solution. 
I come from an area and I was raised 
by parents who always told me that you can achieve anything you want to achieve. They gave me the nurturing and the support and the push up when I needed it, and they gave me the swift kick in the rump when I needed that, also. That is where we are. 
I had prepared remarks, and I will 
defer to the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. P
AYNE ) on how he wants to go. 
But I think there are things that we can learn, and I think there are things that we should focus on when we talk about the schools, the prison pipeline, when we talk about youth summer em-ployment. 
You know, it is amazing that we 
never, ever talk about it, but some of the kids in some of our neighborhoods should get the Congressional Gold Medal just for showing up at school every day, because what they go through when they get home from school and all night until it is time to come to school again are conditions that we shouldn’t have children living in. The good news is that we can over-come all of that by doing criminal jus-tice reform and providing another chance for kids and for parents who are incarcerated. 
I had a juvenile court judge a long 
time ago write an essay and tell me a story about the fact that there are so many parents that are in jail, but the children are doing the time. And we have to make sure that children are not paying for the sins of their parents. That is where society will come in, and that is why I thank the gentleman. And I have more stuff, and it is just you would like to go forward, Mr. Con-gressman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.021 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4368 June 15, 2015 
Well, I think it is worthwhile to 
probably go into a little bit of my story, which is a little bit different from your story. And I think it is im-portant for kids around the country and some of our colleagues to know it. 
My mother is from the poorest place 
in America. She had 15 brothers and sisters. My grandmother was a house-keeper. So the family pulled together to take care of the 15 children. 
My mother finished high school, and 
she went to college at Southern Uni-versity. My father, on the other hand— my grandfather owned a funeral home, owned a farm, and was very well-to-do. My mother went to Southern Univer-sity, sharing a jacket with her sister. My father went to Southern University with a brand-new deuce-and-a-quarter car because my grandfather didn’t want him walking around his college campus with a bad heart. 
They meet. They get married. They 
have two boys, and I am the youngest. My father dies when I was 7 years old of a heart attack while I was home. And I don’t say that to say I grew up without a father figure and times were hard, because I missed my father and I missed out on the love and the nur-turing, but I had a mother who was there every step of the way as a public schoolteacher. Then I had a grand-father and two grandmothers who stepped in to also give me guidance. 
But one of the biggest factors in me 
developing into what I am today is the fact that I lived across the street from a public playground that was well fund-ed. So my mother, who was the teach-er, and my grandfather and grand-mother who lived in Mississippi, and my other grandmother who lived in Lake Providence, the message was the same: Go home from school; do your homework; and then go across the street to the playground so that you could participate in organized sports. 
That became very, very important 
because those men that coached me were role models. They didn’t know it, and I didn’t know it. But I can remem-ber them saying: Cedric, you are too talented. You need to be a little more serious. You need to get focused. 
They would do the same thing my 
parents would do, which was give me a push when I needed it and give me a swift kick in the butt when I needed it. And they led me to do and push myself to achieve things that I never thought I could achieve. 
But we don’t have that anymore. We 
have decimated the funding for after- school programs. We have decimated the funding for recreation in our urban cities. We have decimated the funding for public schools and the athletics and the extracurricular activities that go along with them. 
I am not sure about your life, Con-
gressman P
AYNE , but those activities 
expose kids to things they never thought that they would ever, ever re-
alize. Exposure is very, very good when a mind is developing. I don’t know if you had those same experiences when you were growing up. Mr. PAYNE. Well, Mr. R
ICHMOND , let 
me just say, and we have discussed it in private before, that I am the product of a very blessed circumstance in my life. My mother died when I was 4, and my father raised us, my sister and me. 
All the things you talk about bene-
fiting from, I have benefited from. But I have never lost the sight and was taught: There but for the grace of God go I. 
So I have had circumstances in my 
life where I have been stopped by the police and have been told by that offi-cer using the N word that if I did not find my license, they would throw me so far under the jail they would never find me. 
Well, I was able to find my license 
after that and showed it to the police officer, and lo and behold, I become a human being again. Because, you see, my father was a councilman in that town. But prior to me showing my identification, there was the potential of someone never seeing me again be-cause a police officer decided that that should be my fate. So now this police officer becomes nurturing and is paren-tal and he is asking me: Well, don’t you know you could get hurt by doing that? 
I had made a U-turn somewhere as a 
youngster I shouldn’t have. But does my life have to end because I made a U- turn that I am thrown so far under the jail they will never find me until I be-come a human being because my father is a councilman in that city and now there is a concern for my well-being? No. 
What about the 1.5 million Black 
males that don’t have that recognition that we have? That is why I do what I do every day, to make sure that in this Nation, the greatest country in the world, every man is playing by the rules, doing what he is supposed to do, has that equal opportunity, and the men that need that kick in the rump or that extra push get that. 
So my story is a little different, al-
though it sounds the same. 
My father lost his mother at a very 
early age. He was 8. And the family got together to buy a house, some aunts and uncles and the grandparents, so they could bring my father and his sib-lings in so they wouldn’t get bounced around anymore like they were. And I truly believe that is the reason my fa-ther never gave my sister and me up because of what he went through as a child and his experiences. 
So we have been very fortunate; and 
your articulation of your experience and us understanding that we have an obligation, being as fortunate as we have been and to have this bully pulpit, it is our obligation to speak out against the injustices that these 1.5 million missing Black men face every single day. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Well, Congressman, 
I would tell you, except that, you know, I won’t go into any incident that I have had with law enforcement. Let’s just stipulate and agree that there have been many, and each one has made me a better person, some of 
which were warranted and some of which were unwarranted. 
I will say we have raised an inter-
esting question. And your last com-ment, I think, when you described your story with your parents, I think, shows how separate all of these issues are, but then how whole they are at the same time. 
Because one of the things that many 
people don’t talk about—and I wish our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, we could stop talking at one an-other and talk to one another—is that the issue of parental lead is so impor-tant because, as a bus driver once told our leader, every day she sees a parent coming to put their kid on the bus with tears in their eyes because they know that that child is sick and they should be home with that child, but they abso-lutely cannot lose a day’s pay because they won’t be able to feed that kid or pay the rent or pay to keep the lights on at the end of the month. Those are very real circumstances. 
You have to believe that as America, 
as the United States of America, as the greatest country on Earth, the excep-tional country that we are, we are bet-ter than that. We are better than mak-ing a parent put that kid on the school-bus going to school sick because they can’t afford to lose a day’s work. 
Let me just give you these statistics 
in Louisiana, because I don’t want peo-ple to get the impression that it is just urban or it is just single-parent fami-lies. The Jesuit community at Loyola University in Louisiana did a study. One out of three two-parent households in Louisiana is economically insecure. Four out of five single-parent house-holds, that is 80 percent of the single- parent households in Louisiana, are economically insecure. We have to do better than that. 
Raising the minimum wage raises 14 
million people out of poverty the day the President would sign the law. Those things are important. 
What do those things have to do with 
the African American male? Well, the young African American male has par-ents. Too often, it is just a single mother raising that family. And we have to make sure that they have the means and ability to make sure that that kid can eat every day, because you absolutely cannot learn in school if you are hungry or if you have had a night where you are sleeping in a car or you don’t have heat and all of those things. I think, as a Congress, we ought to come together and look at those very specific issues. 
Mr. PAYNE. You know, the gen-
tleman is absolutely correct. It re-minds me of another story of some of those households where the cir-cumstances are unfathomable. 
My sister is a kindergarten teacher 
of 25 years. I don’t know if she would like me telling the length of time, but she had a child in one of her classes several years ago, and the child would sleep all through class. You know, once 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.043 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4369 June 15, 2015 
or twice, she let it go, but it became a 
persistent pattern. 
b2000 
She calls the parents and finds out 
that the reason that the child slept in school was it was the only safe place to sleep because, in the evening, the ro-dents that came out of the walls would bite them at night, and they would stay up most of the night trying to keep this circumstance off of them. When the child got to school, it was the only place that they could rest. 
In this country, that is unacceptable, 
absolutely unacceptable. It is cir-cumstances like that—now, how does that child get ahead? They are falling behind already, and this is kinder-garten. The deck is stacked against a lot of these children when they show up to school. 
Head Start and these programs have 
shown and demonstrated the upward mobility that they have given genera-tions of children that need this type of service; yet our colleagues continue to thwart efforts to increase efforts we know that work—really, just kind of just dismiss that any of these social programs that have been instituted have any benefit. 
That is not true. It is just not true. 
We need to continue to bring these sto-ries up and explain to people why we fight every single day for these issues. 
The whole issue, once again, around 
mental health issues, people walking the streets that need help and end up doing something that they are really unable to control and end up incarcer-ated—how does that help them? How does that help the circumstance in this country? Is it that we are just hiding the issue? We don’t want to deal with it, so we just lock it up? 
It is absolutely unconscionable, in 
this country, that we still act as if we are in the 1800s in this day and age. 
Mr. RICHMOND. I am glad you 
brought up the monetary aspect of it because, look, Morehouse College, ac-counting major, I get numbers, and I get the concern that we have about the budget, the deficit and the national debt. The other thing that I know from my basic accounting classes is that we shouldn’t talk about spending as the only criteria for how we judge things. 
The conversation in D.C. should be 
about return on investment. Anything that gives us greater than a 1 to 1 re-turn, then we can use whatever is greater than 1 to pay down the debt and the deficit and get us to a more balanced country. 
Let me give you an exact example. 
You used Head Start, early childhood education. You get a 9 to 1 return on every dollar that you spend. Now, I am not chairman of Ways and Means; I am not over the Budget Committee; I am not on Appropriations, but in my sim-ple household, when I was young, I knew that $9 was greater than $1, and that if you spend $1 and you could get $9 back, you could do great things with that extra $9, like spend $4 of it on re-ducing the debt, spend another $5 on 
other programs that would give kids the opportunity to reach their full de-velopment, to also reduce crime, which means not only do you have less people incarcerated, but you have less victims of crime. 
When we start evaluating the pro-
grams that we are talking about, that is what we need to focus on. 
In Louisiana, when I was in the legis-
lature, we paid around $9,000 a year to our public schools to educate each kid, and we were spending about $45,000 a year to incarcerate a juvenile. Now, in my public school education, that $45,000 is far greater than that $9,000, and it just doesn’t make sense. 
As we talk about the $6 billion that 
we spend on incarcerating juveniles in this country—any given day, we have 70,000 juveniles that are in jail—$6 bil-lion. We could spend that money in better places to do better things to make the country safer and to help them reach their potential. 
That is why I am glad that we are 
having this conversation tonight be-cause it is about not just complaining about the problem, but identifying it and figuring out a way to solve it. I think that both sides could come to-gether to try to solve this problem be-cause, hey, victims of crime are vic-tims of crime, and we should do every-thing we can to reduce that number. 
Also, we need to get back to what I 
thought and still do think makes this country the greatest country on Earth, is the fact that we care and we love our neighbors and we want to see them do well. If we really want to see them do well, then let’s invest in those things. Let’s put our money where our mouth is, and let’s do the things that we know we can do. 
If anybody is interested in really 
having that conversation, I know that both of us and the entire Black Caucus, we are willing to engage in that con-versation. It is not all about spending money, but it is about spending it where you get a return and helping families be a family unit to nurture and push kids to achieve everything they can and give them that swift kick in the butt when they need it to achieve that also. 
I just want to thank you, Congress-
man, for allowing me to participate in this Special Order Hour tonight to talk about an amazing—well, not an amaz-ing problem, but an incredible problem that this country faces and the fact that we have the leadership to help solve that problem. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe in the adage, ‘‘Edu-
cation is the only sure way for many children to escape poverty.’’ 
CREATING OPPORTUNITY FOR OUR YOUNG MEN AND  
BOYS  
Invest in our economy and infrastructure, 
21st century manufacturing, job training, and raise the minimum wage. 
More investments in summer jobs, summer 
recreation, and summer community service. CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORMS TO HELP GIVE OUR YOUNG  
MEN A SECOND CHANCE AFTER MISTAKES MADE  
Better training for our police forces on cul-
tural sensitivity and proper respect for our communities. 
End the school to prison pipeline—pass my 
bill (see separate section). 
YOUTH OPPORTUNITY LEGISLATION  
To help ensure a strong, coordinated effort 
to give schools the tools they need to be schools instead of ‘‘pipelines to prison,’’ and do more to build habits that will lead to suc-cess in the future, I have introduced the Stu-dent Disciplinary Fairness Act of 2015 and the Youth Summer Jobs and Public Service Act of 2015. 
Juveniles that have been incarcerated are 
much more likely to become criminals later in life and much less likely to achieve economic success but providing employment opportunity increases the likelihood of favorable out-comes. 
All of us who care about building strong, 
prosperous communities must do everything we can to ensure that involving our youth in the criminal justice system is used as a last resort, not as a routine first response. 
We must make smart investments in our 
youth so that they can be present and visible in society and the 21st century economy. 
Mr. PAYNE. I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Louisiana for his remarks, and I appreciate him being involved in tonight’s Special Order. 
I am not surprised that he would be 
here on such an important topic. He has demonstrated numerous times his commitment to young people and their aspirations and motivating them to do the right thing and be successful, as he has been. 
One thing that comes to my mind, 
Mr. Speaker, is as we talk about this issue, what is it that we find these 1.5 million men missing? They are human beings. They are Americans. What is the difference about these 1.5 million men, that they are African American? Does it go back in our history of 300 years? Does it have something to do with us, as a race? 
I just wonder, sometimes, what is the 
difference; but I won’t go there. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like 
to thank the members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus here tonight for sharing their profound insights and ob-servations. Your participation was greatly appreciated. 
Every Monday night in this House, 
we have a remarkable opportunity to speak about the important work of the CBC to advance full equality and jus-tice for African Americans in all com-munities in this Nation. 
One of the most significant chal-
lenges our communities face is that of ‘‘the missing black male.’’ Once again, to quote The New York Times: ‘‘More than one out of every six black men who today should be between 25 and 54 years old have disappeared from daily life.’’ 
Many of these men are incarcerated. 
Others have died from homicide and from disease that disproportionately affects African American males. The consequences of these missing men are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.044 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4370 June 15, 2015 
severe, not just for the men them-
selves, but for their families and for the entire society. 
Strong communities lay the founda-
tion to strong societies, but when our criminal justice system emphasizes in-carceration over rehabilitation, we make it increasingly difficult for those individuals to become productive mem-bers of society. We need a system that holds criminals accountable, while fo-cusing on rehabilitation of nonviolent criminals. 
If we are truly to make our commu-
nities more secure, we also need to ad-dress health disparities among African American men. Health disparities are a burden to African American commu-nities. African American men suffer from a number of disease, including colorectal cancer, at higher rates than their White counterparts. 
Part of the problem has to do with 
stigmas, and this is an area which I have been working hard to address in my capacity as co-chair of the Congres-sional Men’s Health Caucus. 
Along those lines, we need to elimi-
nate the stigmas around mental health and make sure that those suffering from mental illness have the resources they need. No one struggling with men-tal illness should feel isolated and that they have nowhere to turn. It is clear that we are not doing enough, as a so-ciety, to get them the help they need. 
We should not be seeing an uptick in 
the number of African American boys dying from suicide, that dreaded sui-cide rate. For these young boys and for 
others, we need to listen, and we need to encourage them not to be afraid to seek help. 
The problem of ‘‘the missing black 
male’’ is not going to be resolved over-night, but closing the gap is a goal we all need to aspire to for ourselves, for our community, and for our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
THE PEOPLE’S NIGHT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, before I 
begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, tonight 
is a night about accountability, about taking responsibility. Many of my col-leagues that will speak here tonight were sent by districts of people who wanted to hold this government ac-countable in both the fiscal and social arenas. I think back today, though it was un-
planned, on June 15, 1775, 240 years ago this very day, George Washington ac-cepted the position as commander in chief of the Continental Army. 
Washington was serving in the Sec-
ond Continental Congress as a delegate from Virginia when his peers voted unanimously to hand him the reins of the entire Revolutionary Army. 
About 100 paces from where I am 
standing, on the back of these Cham-bers, standing in the Capitol’s rotunda is the history of how America was birthed into existence. It is displayed through the most glorious artwork. 
Of all those paintings in the rotunda, 
I am most intrigued by John Trum-bull’s work on Washington submitting his resignation in 1783, after com-pleting his assignment, through strug-gles and severe setbacks, more than 8 years after accepting the position. 
Now, while some of these paintings 
depict those of conquests or discov-eries, this particular work captures the great character of Washington. You see, Congress had granted Washington the powers equivalent to a dictator; yet the humility and the wisdom of Washington understood that, for a re-public to survive, it must be held ac-countable by the people. 
His resignation that day stated this: 
I resign with satisfaction the appointment 
I accepted with diffidence or a lack of self- confidence in my own abilities to accomplish so arduous a task which, however was superceded by a confidence in the rectitude of our cause, the support of the supreme power of the Union, and the patronage of Heaven. 
You see, Washington had resolved 
that a citizen-ruled government, though different than others in the past, had a chance to do something, to be something, something exceptional. Two hundred and forty years ago today, Washington laid the cornerstone of freedom through accountability to the people with a unique blessing from the divine power of Heaven. 
b2015 
That is why we have assembled to-
night, to talk about what Washington’s vision was: a citizen-ruled government that would hold the Federal Govern-ment and this administration account-able. 
Tonight I would like to introduce the 
chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, a committee that I am privileged to serve on, someone who has been a champion on government oversight. 
I yield to the gentleman from Utah 
(Mr. C
HAFFETZ ). 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
And I thank those who are with us 
tonight because this topic is one of, I think, the most important to our Na-tion. It certainly was key to the foun-dation of this Nation. 
And the gentleman from North Caro-
lina (Mr. W
ALKER ) is right, because if 
you go back and you read that farewell address that Washington gave, it is one of the most inspirational pieces. He 
had the power. He had the position. He had the respect of the people. But he did probably the most admirable thing that we have seen in this Nation, in that he voluntarily gave it up because he knew that the power didn’t reside in the President. He knew that the power didn’t reside in him, as an individual. He understood that the power of this Nation stood with the people. And with that power comes a responsibility. It is a responsibility that all of us hold, as citizens of the United States of Amer-ica. For it is truly a privilege and an honor to be a citizen in this country. 
I hearken back a couple hundred 
years ago to those who blazed new trails and decided that this Nation was going to be an inspired nation, inspired by God, that we weren’t bashful about recognizing that God played a role in our lives and that the power of prayer was an important part of our Nation. 
But also incumbent upon that was 
that every man, woman, and child— every able-bodied person—do their part, that we all had accountability and responsibility not only to take care of ourselves but to also do what we can to help foster a greater commu-nity. 
You see, this was a new idea. It 
wasn’t that way across the world. There were dictators, and there were others that really wanted to rule and control people. But the inspiration that our Founders had in the founda-tion of our Nation was rooted in this idea that the people—the people—had the power. 
Fast-forward now to those who 
serve—whether they serve in the armed services, whether they serve in the Federal Government or the State gov-ernment or wherever they might serve, it should be a recognition that we serve the American people, that we serve them. 
So as we look at all the issues that 
face us—whether we are going to spend money, whether we should pass this bill or not—let’s remember a couple of things. 
And I would mention this to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) because I know he knows this. 
And I know it. But I want my kids to know it. 
As we look at things we do in Con-
gress, as we look at the men and women who serve our Nation, most do it in a very admirable way. They are patriotic. They are hard-working. They care about this Nation. But we have some that don’t really meet that standard. And it is probably most fair, most humane, most decent that we hold people to a high standard. 
One of the things I want my kids to 
understand about government, about life in general, is that when they talk about the government and they talk about the Federal Government, it is really interesting. We will have this 
happen in our committee from time to time. We will say, well, whose money is it? And they will say, well, it is the government’s money. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.046 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4371 June 15, 2015 
No, it is not. It is the people’s money. 
You see, every time we decide to 
spend money in Congress, what we are really deciding is, should we pull money out of somebody’s pocket— should we pull money out of your wal-let, take it over here, and hand it to somebody else? 
Now there are some worthwhile 
causes for doing that, right? There are some worthwhile things to do: the pro-tection of our Nation, for our armed services. I buy that. I get that. But we are spending far too much money on too many things. We can’t be all things to all people. 
So going back to my original premise 
here, as I try to teach my own kids and try to remember myself, we have to be exceptionally responsible stewards of these assets and resources that aren’t ours. They are an individual’s. 
For you see, at the heart of this, it is 
something that I think President Washington understood: that the most powerful thing upon our Nation is the power of the people, and it is their own self-determination that should rule the day. You limit their self-determination the more you regulate them and the more you pull that money directly out of their pockets and give it to some-body else. 
Now, there is room for regulation. 
There is room for certain things in the public good. But I tell you, most of what happens, most of what goes on in Washington, it is far too much. It is ex-cessive. And we have to remember at its core that accountability and re-sponsibility for those of us who are for-tunate enough to serve in a public role is imperative, but it is also imperative that each individual takes upon them-selves their own accountability and their own responsibility. 
As able-bodied men and women, chil-
dren, you have got to pull your own weight. You have got to carry your own bucket. You have got to do what you have got to do not only to help yourself but to help your community, your friends, and loved ones as well. 
And that is the heart of what I think 
the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) brings to this body. I 
know he cares about it passionately. It is what we are here talking about to-night. There are a host of examples where we are not holding people ac-countable, and we want to change that. I hope we are able to talk about that a bit tonight. But for the moment, I would say to the gentleman, thank you for allowing me to participate. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Chairman 
C
HAFFETZ . We are going to talk about 
some specific egregious behavior. 
It wasn’t long that I was here and 
serving with Chairman C HAFFETZ on 
the House Oversight Committee that we were requested to meet with the in-spector general of the EPA. It was in that moment, only weeks after I had arrived, that here we have an inspector general, a gentleman appointed by the President, who had reached out to us in his tireless efforts to even so much as to get the EPA to respond. The arro-
gance that stems from that agency has been grossly misused and abused. 
It is my privilege tonight to ac-
knowledge one of my North Carolina colleagues to talk specifically more about the Environmental Protection Agency. With that, I yield to the gen-tleman from the Charlotte, North Carolina, area, Mr. H
UDSON . 
Mr. HUDSON. I thank you for your 
strong leadership here in Congress. Often a new Member of Congress comes to town and spends a little bit of time learning the ropes, maybe sitting in the back row observing, but that is not true of M
ARK WALKER . MARK WALKER  
has quickly become a leader in Con-gress and particularly on issues such as this. 
Tonight is the people’s night. Gov-
ernment accountability is the topic. 
I thank the gentleman for bringing 
up the issue of the EPA. We had a hear-ing Friday in the Energy and Com-merce Committee, on which I serve, in which we had the acting assistant ad-ministrator who oversees the Clean Air Act. We were looking at this new pro-posed rule that the EPA has put out having to do with ground-level ozone. 
Now in 2008, the EPA issued a rule 
that brought the levels of ground-level ozone down to 75 parts per billion. Based on that number, many counties in North Carolina and across this coun-try were out of attainment. 
Everyone wants clean air. Everyone 
wants clean water. Even those of us who are concerned about jobs know that if you don’t have clean air and clean water, you can’t attract indus-try, and you can’t have businesses grow in your community. But you have to look at the real science, and you have to look at the real numbers. And the truth is, since 1980, we have cut ground-level ozone levels 30 percent in this country. We have done a tremen-dous job, and that has been driven by industry. 
This new rule was issued in 2008, but 
the instructions to States weren’t issued until March of this year. So in March of this year, the EPA finally told the States how to comply with these new levels of 75 parts per billion. But now they have come out with a new rule that says, we are going to drop that to 65 or maybe even 60. If that is the case, every county in North Carolina—except one county in western North Carolina—would be out of at-tainment. 
So what does that mean? That means 
you can’t have a road project. It means you can’t build a new home. It means you can’t add any jobs to any existing industry. It means you can’t bring any new industry into the State. And they are doing this at a time when we haven’t even implemented the old rule, when we have already cut ground-level ozone 30 percent. 
So what I would say is, let’s wait and 
look at the science. Let’s look at the real health impacts. Let’s see what the results of the current regulations are before we rush out with some new regu-
lations which we are told could cost as much as 270,000 jobs in North Carolina. I have seen a figure of 1.3 million jobs in the country. Before we bring on this cost, before we threaten these jobs, be-fore we basically shut down all growth and development, let’s take a look at the actual science. 
So this is just one example of one 
agency that is overreaching. We have got other examples. You have got the IRS using ‘‘the dog ate my homework’’ excuse to duck responsibility. We have also got the Department of Veterans Affairs failing to provide adequate care for our heroes. 
When he established the VA, Presi-
dent Abraham Lincoln promised that our Nation would take care of our men and women in uniform and their fami-lies who have served and defended our country. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an understatement 
to say that today, the VA is failing and falling extremely short of that promise that President Lincoln made. Our sol-diers, sailors, airmen, and marines have endured traumatic experiences on the battlefield and should not have to continue to fight to receive proper care when they return home. 
Make no mistake, there are many 
good and dedicated people at VA med-ical facilities across the country who do a tremendous job every day caring for our veterans. In fact, many of the folks working at VA facilities are vet-erans themselves. The problem is, the bureaucracy has gotten so massive and so out of control, the resources are wasted and the quality of care deliv-ered to veterans has decreased. 
This culture of unaccountability has 
led to long wait times, 10,000 disability claims still in backlog, and millions of our tax dollars wasted. Our veterans are being ignored and tragically, in some cases, left to die. 
It was George Washington who has 
been talked about by my colleague. Mr. W
ALKER mentioned the anniversary of 
him resigning his commission. George Washington said: ‘‘The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how jus-tified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive how the veterans of earlier wars were treated and appre-ciated by their Nation.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I know we will continue 
our efforts to reshape the culture at the VA, but it is high time this admin-istration takes responsibility and joins those of us who want to give veterans a choice. 
Every veteran in this country should 
have the choice to go to any doctor of their choosing, and the VA should not have to preapprove it, and the VA should pay for that medical care. That is the proposal that I have talked about. I think that is the way that we could finally end these wait times, and we can break down these backlogs. 
I call on the administration to work 
with us. It is time for the people to have accountability from their govern-ment. It is time for our veterans to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.048 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4372 June 15, 2015 
have accountability from the VA. They 
put everything on the line for our country, for our freedom. It is time for us to do the same. 
God bless our veterans and their fam-
ilies. It is time to get to work. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Represent-
ative H
UDSON , for the passionate re-
marks regarding our veterans. 
It is a shame, the abuse that we see 
sometimes of the veterans. But there has probably been no greater abuse than that of our own Internal Revenue system. With 75,000 pages, 8,000 pages that have been added under this admin-istration, we can see why abuse and corruption exist. 
What better person to speak on that 
than an economics professor. So I now yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT), a new Member of the Con-
gress. 
Mr. BRAT. Thank you, Mr. W ALKER . 
Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, 
more details emerged about the IRS’ targeting of conservative groups, where the agency tried to extort information on donors, find out what Members talked about at their meetings and probe into what Members did in their very free time. 
We learned this month that the IRS 
had set up yet another roadblock to prevent Congress and the American people from getting to the bottom of this scandal. 
The IRS established a team of hun-
dreds of lawyers to redact information from the documents Congress had re-quested for its investigations. This ob-struction makes me extremely con-cerned for every American who voices political beliefs that don’t agree with this administration’s, whether they are conservative, liberal, green, religious, or agnostic. 
I am grateful for the organization in 
my own district that exposed this scan-dal to the American people. The Rich-mond Tea Party was the first in the country to go public with the IRS’ abuse. Once it was exposed, conserv-ative groups from all over the country came forward and revealed that they were victims of the same IRS tactics. 
The IRS specifically targeted groups 
with ‘‘Tea Party’’ and ‘‘patriot’’ in their names because of their political positions. The IRS targeted them for increased scrutiny, and it delayed proc-essing their applications for nonprofit status. 
b2030 
Let me go over that again just real 
slowly so the American people under-stand what is going on here. 
The Tea Party group, the T stands 
for ‘‘taxed enough already.’’ They are being targeted by the very government agency tasked with ensuring fairness in our tax revenue collections system. The irony could not be clearer. The groups were subjected to unprece-dented and intimidating questioning. The IRS demanded resumes of board members, lists of all donors, and screen shots of blogs and social media posts to determine if their speech was accept-
able to the Big Brother government. The agency asked some groups for min-utes of every board meeting as well as lists of positions they took on certain issues. 
On April 15, 2009, thousands of aver-
age Virginians showed up to the Rich-mond Tea Party’s first rally in the pouring rain to stand together against government run amuck and President Obama’s promise to fundamentally transform America. People became en-gaged—many for the first time. After word of IRS targeting broke, people stopped coming to meetings and stopped giving money for fear of being targeted themselves. 
It has been 2 years since the Justice 
Department opened its investigation, and it has been 2 years of waiting as nothing ever seems to happen. The IRS has tried to cover its tracks at every turn. It lied to the public and to this Congress about its secret targeting program. To this day, document re-quests submitted by Congress remain unfulfilled. The IRS complained it had lost thousands of emails belonging to Lois Lerner. Since then, the inspector general recovered more than 6,000 of them. They were located where anyone would expect: in the IRS data backup facility. 
Congress held Lois Lerner in con-
tempt after she claimed she knew noth-ing about the targeting and refused to answer questions about it. Yet the Obama Justice Department—the Jus-tice Department—has never prosecuted her. This all creates the frightening po-tential that we could foresee a repeat of this very same behavior in the fu-ture. We need this President and this administration to live up to their promise of transparency rather than their practice of obstruction. 
Mr. Speaker, we in Congress can put 
an end to this kind of mistreatment of our citizens by passing a fair tax or a flat tax. Either tax system would treat citizens more equally and would take away the IRS’ power to discriminate and investigate against Americans who hold beliefs contrary to those in power. 
Ladies and gentlemen, the right to 
express your political views is so crit-ical to the foundation of a free society that it is enshrined in our First Amendment—the First Amendment. Our very freedoms and the future of our constitutional form of government depend on the ability of all Americans to freely exercise that right. That is why it is incumbent upon this Congress to put forth every effort to protect that precious right and to hold those who would infringe upon it accountable to the fullest extent of the law. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Congress-
man B
RAT. I appreciate your shedding 
light. 
Mr. Speaker, this administration, 
from the very beginning, went a long way in promising transparency and ac-countability. In fact, it was President Obama himself who expressed: ‘‘My ad-ministration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in 
government.’’ In the same speech, President Obama went on to say: ‘‘Transparency promotes account-ability and provides information for citizens about what their government is doing. Information maintained by the Federal Government is a national asset.’’ President Obama said: ‘‘My ad-ministration will take appropriate ac-tion consistent with law and policy to disclose information rapidly in forms that the public can readily find and use.’’ Well, that is what he said, but it has been the exact opposite for the De-partment of Justice. 
Many of us have heard about Fast 
and Furious, and we may have time to get to it. What I want to talk about to-night is Operation Choke Point, and here to do that tonight is one of the strong conservatives in all of Congress, my colleague from South Carolina, Mr. M
ICKMULVANEY . 
Mr. MULVANEY. I thank the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. I thank him for doing this. I think it is wonder-ful that we are having a night des-ignated as the people’s night. You would think that we would do that just every day in here, but I think that more often than not we probably don’t, so it is good to be here to talk about things that affect the people. 
Some things that affect the people, 
Mr. Speaker, back where I live is Oper-ation Choke Point. Where I live, people buy guns at gun shows. They use pawn-shops. They might go to a payday lend-er every now and again. They might go and buy ammunition. Because of what has happened in Operation Choke Point the last year and a half or so, they are starting to lose the ability to do that. 
I want to explain to people very 
briefly what Operation Choke Point is. This is not some rightwing conspiracy. It is not some Internet myth. This has been acknowledged by the Department of Justice. 
Several years ago, the DOJ, along 
with the FDIC, one of the banking reg-ulators, set out to attack legal busi-nesses, businesses that were perfectly legal and permitted under the law, but they were in disfavor with this admin-istration. Instead of trying to drive those businesses out of business by using the law, this administration de-cided to use the regulatory environ-ment. Instead of going directly after those businesses, this administration went after their banks and said: 
Look, we know that this pawnshop is a 
legal business, and we know that you have done business with them for a long time, but we could really make your life difficult if you continue to bank this particular pawn-shop. In fact, your life will be much easier if you didn’t bank this pawnshop. 
Time and again, Mr. Speaker, what 
we found was these small businesses—a woman-owned business in my district— losing their banking relationships. The banks that had 25-year relationships with them would come to them and say: 
Look, we simply can’t bank with you any-
more. It is too difficult to do. There is too much pressure to stop. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.049 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4373 June 15, 2015 
I had a woman-owned business, a 
pawnshop in my district. She tried to expand the business so that the busi-ness was big enough to give to both of her sons. She was a single mother. She wanted to get the business big enough to where both boys could inherit part of the business. She went to her local bank where she had more than a 20- year relationship, and she was told that, no, that she was now too hot to handle. Not only could they not give her a loan to expand the business, they had to pull back on the services they already provided. 
There is another business elsewhere 
in the State, a large financial concern, and a little tiny piece of what they do is payday lending. You can say what you want to about it, Mr. Speaker. You may not like payday lending. A lot of people don’t. But people use it, and people need it. 
I will never forget when I was in the 
State legislature, we had a hearing on payday lending. One of the witnesses that spoke before me in the senate was an employee of one of the local credit unions. I knew who she was. I walked up to her afterwards and said: You are here to talk in favor of payday lending? 
She said: Yes. I said: But you work for a credit 
union. 
She said: Yes. I said: Why are you here? She said: Because everybody in town 
knows who I am. I am having a tough divorce, and I need a little bit of money. If I go to my local bank or I go to my credit union where I work, ev-erybody is going to know about it. I don’t want people to know about my business. 
She needed that particular service. 
Folks need this service. It may not be the proudest thing we do as a nation, but people need it. 
This company in Greenville, South 
Carolina, had a little, tiny piece of their business in payday, a 30-year banking relationship for all the rest of their businesses. The bank came over one day and said: Look, we are under a great deal of pressure. We are going to have to pull all our relationships with you. 
Maybe 5, maybe 2
1⁄2percent of their 
business was payday, and now this large employer in my district is strug-gling to find financial services. 
It is so offensive, Mr. Speaker, that a 
couple of months ago, the DOJ finally acknowledged that it was wrong, and they agreed to stop the program. The FDIC agreed to stop as well. All I can tell you is that while the letter went out saying it was stopped, we are still hearing stories to this day that it is still going on. 
My dad told me about a year ago, I 
had been here 3 years at the time, and he started paying attention to politics after I got here. He said: Do you want to know the difference, Mick, between government today and government when I was your age? 
I said: What is that, Dad? He said: When I was your age, you 
might not like what the government did, you might not like the party that was in power, but it never even oc-curred to us to be afraid of the govern-ment. It never even occurred to us that we might be targeted for what we be-lieve or what we think or what we do for a living. That is what is different now. 
Mr. Speaker, people are afraid of 
their government. And if you are home tonight, you are watching this, and you run an ammunition store in Union, South Carolina, you are legitimately afraid that the government is going to try and come and put you out of busi-ness. That is a dramatic change, Mr. Speaker, and not a change for the bet-ter. 
To that extent, a group of men and 
women come here tonight at the invi-tation of the good gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ), come 
and just tell people that we think it is wrong, too, we have heard what they have had to say back home, and just deliver the message that they are not alone, that there are some men and women here in Washington who are just as outraged as they are, and they are dedicated to making sure that when our time here is done, they won’t have to fear their government any-more. 
So with that, I thank the gentleman 
from North Carolina, again, for setting up this Special Order. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, when we 
talk about accountability, we think of great leaders here in the Congress, even people who have reached out as mentors. I can think of no one higher that has that honor for my respect than the colleague, the part of our del-egation from North Carolina, Mr. M
ARK 
MEADOWS , and with that, I yield to 
him. 
Mr. MEADOWS. I thank the gen-
tleman from North Carolina for his leadership and truly for being willing to be the voice of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to really 
highlight what so many Americans have a hard time understanding, and that is why we as the American people can continue to allow a government to overreach its true authority and not be reined in, Mr. Speaker. So tonight I want to highlight just a few things. 
Before I do that, I think it is impor-
tant that we talk about the Federal workers here that work for the Amer-ican people, the vast majority of which—I would say almost 99 percent of which—are dedicated public servants who each and every day give their ut-most for their fellow man, truly, to serve this great country. 
So tonight, Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
really highlight some of those that give the rest of those great Federal workers a bad name. For many of us, they also give us a reason to pause and say: Wait just a minute. How can that happen in this great land? 
So tonight I feel like it is important 
that we identify some of these workers who truly have displaced the trust of 
the American people. They have taken Federal tax dollars, they have contin-ued to take a salary, and yet what we find is they did not uphold their con-stitutional duty to do what is right on behalf of the American people. 
We know one example is with the 
EPA, the gentleman who worked to de-fine the Clean Air Act. We found that, over time, he was not even showing up for work, that he would continue to be paid for years and years and years, that he was paid without showing up. Now, certainly his colleagues would have to know that there was an empty cubicle next to them, but yet, for over a dec-ade, we have an EPA employee who pretended to be a CIA agent. 
Now, when we start to look at this, 
here he was not showing up for work. He was traveling all over the world at taxpayers’ expense. Indeed, what he was continuing to do is pretend like he was an employee of the Federal Gov-ernment, but not showing up. 
b2045 
So my question is really more about 
accountability, Mr. Speaker. Where was the management team? Where was the accountability? We can understand one bad apple, but where was the man-agement? 
Well, let me tell you where they 
were. This particular EPA employee decides that they are going to go and they are going to retire, and so all the management comes together. They give him a great retirement party. He retires and he says: But wait just a minute. You need to continue to pay me because I am still working for the CIA. 
Now, the sad part about it is they 
continued to pay him for another 18 months. And, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know about you, but that is just hard to believe. It is the thing that novels are made of, but yet this is not ficti-tious; it is the truth. 
We have got other EPA employees 
that are there that are watching porn on their government computer over 6 hours a day for 4 years. Where is the oversight there? 
And yet, when people are willing to 
blow the whistle and say, ‘‘This is not right with some of my colleagues,’’ what do they meet with? 
Well, we heard at a hearing just this 
last week that a whistleblower for the Department of Homeland Security in their EB–5 program was punished be-cause she dared to speak up. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, I think it is time 
that the American people start to hold the management of Federal workers accountable because they are entrusted with that trust that needs to be carried out each and every day. And so tonight I am here to call out Mr. Mayorkas. Recently, an IG report identified Mr. Mayorkas as doing special favors for political operatives—allegedly, the Governor of Virginia; allegedly, the brother of our former Secretary of State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.050 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4374 June 15, 2015 
What the American people will not 
stand for, Mr. Speaker, is a double standard. If political favors are going to be given out, the people who give them out should be held accountable. And I appreciate the gentleman from North Carolina, his leadership, because not only is this service on Oversight and Government Reform designed to make sure that we get to the truth of it, but he is unrelenting in his willing-ness to go after those who live by a double standard. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Congress-
man M
EADOWS . I appreciate your words 
tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of interest 
these days in the growing list of can-didates that we have running for the 2016 Presidential election, and one of the things that drove me to make a de-cision in running for Congress to begin with was the great abuses that we have in some of the particular agencies. 
Three years ago, none were more 
glaring than the State Department and the actions taken by then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. To this day, I can’t understand why she could look and even hug a family and tell them point-blank that this was about a video. Nine days later, our President followed up with pretty much the same inaccurate jargon. 
It is my privilege to yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado, Representative K
ENBUCK, my friend, tonight, who is 
going to talk some about her work and her time. He is a great conservative from the State of Colorado. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman and my friend from North Carolina for putting this together and for yielding to me. 
Many of us know that today marks 
an important anniversary in world his-tory. Eight hundred years ago, fol-lowing a populist revolution led by courageous English barons demanding the protections from executive over-reach, England’s King John signed into law a document known as the Magna Carta. This ‘‘Grand Charter’’ marked the first time that everyone, including kings, were subjected to the rule of law, that everyone would enjoy the benefits of due process and equal pro-tection under the law. 
The Magna Carta inspired our Found-
ing Fathers to demand liberty in the Declaration of Independence. Many Magna Carta principles appeared again in the United States Constitution. This one single document became the basis of our Republic and established one of our greatest founding principles, the rule of law, and the rule of law remains as important as ever. 
President Obama is working to fun-
damentally transform our laws without consent, granting citizenship to illegal immigrants, making recess appoint-ments to the NLRB when the Senate is not in recess, and changing the healthcare law without an act of Con-gress. The IRS ignored the rule of law by 
targeting and harassing individuals based on their political beliefs. And who could forget the ATF’s Fast and Furious program, which allowed U.S. weapons to be walked across the U.S.- Mexico border in hopes of catching Mexican drug lords, but ended with the tragic murder of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry. 
It is time to prevent future would-be 
monarchs from being elected and fur-ther eroding our proud tradition for the rule of law. While the Clinton fam-ily has been known to play by their own set of rules and has a laundry list of scandals that goes back decades, I am squarely focused on two dubious, dishonest, and dangerous scandals that Hillary Clinton was involved in while serving as Secretary of State. 
As the Nation’s top diplomat, Sec-
retary Clinton used her position of power to create her own set of rules, using a personal email account for offi-cial State Department business. She continued to do so even after issuing a memo calling on staff to use official government email accounts. 
Secretary Clinton ignored the rule of 
law when she deleted over 30,000 State Department emails from a personal server located in the basement of her Georgetown mansion. What makes this worse is that she deleted these emails even as Congress called for her to re-lease them. Storing these emails on a private server violates Federal records law. Deleting these emails also raises questions not seen since the IRS tar-geting investigation. What is she hid-ing in these deleted emails? Did she even consider what might happen if these records fell into the wrong hands? Would she even know if her server had been breached? 
Secretary Clinton proudly stated 
during a March 10 press conference: I fully complied with every rule I was governed by. 
Americans will never know because 
she ignored the rule of law. By exclu-sively using a personal email account to conduct State Department business, Secretary Clinton put the State De-partment at a great risk just for her personal convenience. The Secretary of State is also not allowed to conduct and store official State Department business on a private, unsecured server. If any other hard-working American conducted their business this way, they would be out of a job and most likely in jail. 
This brings me to the Clinton fam-
ily’s next scandal. While Hillary Clin-ton served as Secretary of State, the Clinton family foundation continued to accept millions of dollars in donations from foreign governments. All told, seven foreign nations, including Ku-wait, Qatar, Oman, and Algeria, do-nated money to the Clinton Founda-tion during the time Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. 
These contributions raised questions 
about Secretary Clinton’s independ-ence and ethical judgment. But when some of the $1 million donations in 
question came from nations like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the United Arab Emir-ates, and Oman, it raises concerns about whether these nations were hop-ing to gain better diplomatic ties to the United States through sizable do-nations to the Clinton Foundation. When the Secretary of State is playing fast and loose with the rule of law, even ignoring a memorandum of under-standing with the White House regard-ing a questionable donation from the Algerian Government, it is extremely difficult to trust her judgment or her word when she claims not to have bro-ken any laws. 
The rule of law has been a core prin-
ciple since our founding. Brave men and women have fought and died to protect this idea and preserve the lib-erty we hold so dearly. This is why I find it especially tragic that Secretary Clinton blatantly ignored the rule of law. 
The Magna Carta’s anniversary is a 
great opportunity to remember the courageous barons who secured the rule of law. We must restore this key principle and stop the attacks on our founding principles. It is our job to safeguard those liberties and protect the America we know and love for gen-erations to come. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Congress-
man B
UCK. 
With that, it is my privilege to yield 
to the gentleman from Georgia, Con-gressman J
ODYHICE, my colleague and 
a former fellow minister. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, I continue to be just as-
tounded at the lack of accountability and transparency surrounding the scandal with the IRS as it relates to conservative groups and the targeting that the IRS had towards those groups. 
It is absolutely unacceptable that we 
have waited now for over 2 years to get answers to this scandal and the tar-geting of conservative groups. Right at the epicenter of all of that is Lois Lerner. We requested emails some 2 years ago and only right now, 2 years later, some of these requests for emails are coming to light. These documents and communications requested should have been brought forth long ago. In fact, we are at the time now in this in-vestigation, we are at the point now that I believe we need to seriously question the process by which Con-gress’ requests for information from the IRS are being handled by the IRS. 
One example, Mr. Speaker, in the 
Oversight and Government Reform Committee, where I have the distinct honor of serving, it came to light in that committee that the IRS actually formed a special project team in order to deal with the Lois Lerner investiga-tion. 
According to testimony by Ms. Mary 
Howard, who is the Director of the Pri-vacy, Governmental Liaison and Dis-closure for the IRS, according to her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.052 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4375 June 15, 2015 
testimony, all congressional sub-
poenas, requests for information, Free-dom of Information Act requests, and other investigative requests were di-rected to this special group, this spe-cial project team, rather than going through the normal process of inves-tigations that other similar investiga-tions might go through. 
According to her testimony, Mr. 
Speaker, these requests were handled primarily by the IRS Commissioner and the IRS Office of Chief Council rather than the normal process. In other words, this special project team handled the issue with Lois Lerner dif-ferently than they handle other similar investigations. 
Ms. Howard’s testimony further re-
vealed that the IRS, on numerous occa-sions, went away from the standard way of dealing with freedom of infor-mation requests and, if her testimony is true, the handling of the FOIA re-quests not only for Ms. Lois Lerner, but for other 501(c)(3) and (c)(4) organi-zations, and may have gone beyond what is even permissible under the Freedom of Information Act. 
Following her testimony, Chairmen 
C
HAFFETZ and J ORDAN sent a letter to 
the IRS Commissioner, John Koskinen, requesting more information so that the Oversight Committee could better understand the process that they used in dealing with Ms. Lois Lerner. And I am told that, even as recently as this past Friday, the letter received back from the IRS is totally inadequate. It does not answer the questions, and here we are still years removed from it. 
Mr. Speaker, it is extremely frus-
trating that now, 2 years later, we are still dealing with this issue. It is frus-trating that in the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee we are still dealing with the deplorable activi-ties of how the IRS has been handling this. 
It is up to Congress. We must con-
tinue pushing forward for increased ac-countability and transparency in all areas of our government, particularly as it relates to this with the IRS. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Congress-
man H
ICE. 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from the State of Texas, Mr. J OHN 
RATCLIFFE , one of our sharpest new 
Members from the State of Texas, a district attorney, who we asked specifi-cally to come out to share some thoughts tonight specifically about some of the continued abuses. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from North Caro-lina for yielding this evening. 
Mr. Speaker, the most fundamental 
principle of our criminal justice sys-tem is that we are innocent until prov-en guilty. Operation Choke Point turns that most sacred tenet on its head. 
When President Obama and his ad-
ministration uses agencies like the De-partment of Justice and the FDIC to target legal businesses without due process, without any public debate, and 
when he bases his attacks not on the rule of law but on his own political be-liefs, well, that is a tragic breakdown of the system of checks and balances and separation of powers that our Founding Fathers deliberately de-signed. 
Mr. Speaker, Operation Choke Point 
is just flat wrong. Folks all across the Fourth Congressional District of Texas in cities and towns like Bonham, Denison, Sulphur Springs, Texarkana, and Sherman, they all just want to run their businesses and enjoy their free-doms without fear of persecution from a President that has overstepped his authority time and time again. 
Many of the Texans that I represent 
are deeply troubled and concerned about Operation Choke Point, an ini-tiative which is pressuring banks and others in the financial industry to deny access to financial services to busi-nesses like gun sellers and coal pro-ducers. 
b2100 
My constituents see this operation 
for what it really is, a blunt weapon that targets and stigmatizes entire in-dustries that the Obama administra-tion dislikes, instead of an honest ef-fort to get rid of actual bad actors and lawbreakers. 
Sadly, as a direct result of Operation 
Choke Point, legitimate businesses in Texas and across the country have been forced to close simply because the President and his activist bureaucrats have a political agenda, and they don’t like what these businesses are selling. When you weaponize your government to go after folks you don’t like and when you target your own citizens as political enemies, that is the way that Third World governments operate, not the greatest country the world has ever seen. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the United 
States of America, and our government should never go after its own citizens for political reasons. This is especially outrageous when the administration does so by targeting the Bill of Rights, and that is exactly what is happening here. 
When you specifically target gun 
dealers and ammunition manufactur-ers, that is an affront to and an assault upon our Second Amendment rights. No President or administration is above the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. I have met recently with far too many honest, hard-working, law- abiding folks in the gun industry who have been politically targeted by this initiative. 
We can’t allow this administration to 
continue to target legitimate busi-nesses, like gun stores and cigar and pawn shops, through Operation Choke Point, just because the President doesn’t like what they sell. Pressuring and forcing banks to stop engaging with legal industries needs to stop. We can’t allow unelected bureaucrats to make such a brazen, backdoor assault on legitimate businesses and the hard- 
working, law-abiding citizens who own and operate them. 
In July of 2014, one of the Judiciary 
subcommittees on which I now serve held a hearing on Operation Choke Point, and because of that hearing and of the due process concerns raised by the testimony there, the DOJ and the FDIC announced it would rescind its list of so-called high-risk merchants. 
That move seemed to be an apparent 
recognition of the fact that Operation Choke Point is wrongfully inflicting collateral damage on legitimate busi-nesses that are losing access to finan-cial services. Despite this acknowledg-ment and admission from those at the top, companies across my district tell me that the administration’s foot sol-diers on the ground simply haven’t got-ten the message yet. The harassment is continuing, and this is simply unac-ceptable. 
Mr. Speaker, we should stand up for 
the rights of every American. I am sad-dened to see a President who is so out of touch with what has made this coun-try great, who is so out of touch that he would use an army of unelected bu-reaucrats to attack businesses that don’t toe the ideological line with his administration. 
Mr. Speaker, congressional oversight 
demands that we refuse to step aside, that we refuse to let this unprovoked attack on our constitutional and fun-damental rights go unchallenged. I will continue to stand watch against this overreach. My colleagues and I will not allow our constituents’ rights to be violated or our Constitution to be trampled. 
Mr. WALKER. I thank Congressman 
R
ATCLIFFE for his powerful stance. 
Mr. Speaker, since 2012, one of the 
bulldogs that has been holding the IRS accountable is the Congressman from central Florida. At this point, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). 
Mr. D ESANTIS. I thank my friend 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, if you are a taxpayer 
and if you become subjected to an IRS audit, you have got to prove and jus-tify what you have submitted to the IRS. If you tell the IRS, ‘‘I don’t really have those documents. They were de-stroyed, and there is nothing I can do. Let’s just move along,’’ I don’t think most IRS agents are going to accept that, and I think the taxpayer would likely find himself in hot water. 
I think it is really unacceptable that 
the IRS seems to think it could operate under a totally different standard than the standard that it imposes on Amer-ican taxpayers. 
We have been going through this now 
since 2013 with Lois Lerner and the tar-geting scandal in our trying to get more information. Last year, before Congress, John Koskinen, the IRS Commissioner, said: We are going to produce Lois Lerner’s emails. We will produce all of them. We have nothing to hide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.053 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4376 June 15, 2015 
A couple of months later, he said: Ac-
tually, most of Lois Lerner’s emails were destroyed because, you see, they are held on these backup tapes, and we recycle the backup tapes. We destroy the tapes, so there is just nothing we can do here. We are just going to move along, and we are not going to partici-pate in any meaningful way with your investigation. 
Most Americans didn’t accept that, 
and it really was not worth the paper it was printed on in terms of an excuse. It was, obviously, much different than what the IRS would impose on a tax-payer, but it was even more than that. It was more than just a weak excuse; it was false. 
Once Koskinen said that the emails 
were destroyed—guess what?—the In-spector General for Tax Administra-tion in the Treasury Department did basic due diligence and said: Do you know what? I am going to check to see whether Koskinen is telling the truth. 
What did the IG do? He drove out to 
West Virginia where they have the warehouse of all of the backup tapes. What did they find? The Lois Lerner emails on the backup tapes. They were there the whole time. Now, they have pulled thousands and thousands of Lois Lerner emails. 
These are emails that are, in many 
cases, different than the emails that the IRS begrudgingly produced to Con-gress and to the American people. This is a major, major issue. Of course, there is the targeting, but then there are the lengths that the IRS has gone to stymie Congress’ investigation. 
Just this week in Federal court, they 
are fighting Judicial Watch. They don’t want to turn over even these new emails that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration pro-vided to the IRS. 
They are saying: We can’t turn them 
over to you now in the course of the litigation. We are not going to turn them over to Congress because we need to check to see whether there are any duplicates from the emails that we have already turned over. 
Really? Who cares? Give us the 
emails. Give the American people the truth. What they are trying to do is to stonewall and drag this out as long as they can, hoping that the American people will forget about it. Then, basi-cally, they get away scot-free, with no-body in their organization being held accountable. 
I think it is a test of this institution 
here in the Congress about whether somebody like Commissioner Koskinen is going to be held to account for mis-leading Congress, for providing false information to Congress. 
The fact of the matter is, if an Amer-
ican taxpayer were hauled in front of a Federal grand jury or a Federal court and if he gave testimony like that, that was not true, he would face con-sequences. You can bet your bottom dollar. 
I think the IRS is kind of the gross-
est example that we have in Wash-ington of really a fundamental problem 
with how our government operates, which is that the people who work and operate in and around Washington, D.C.—6 of the 10 wealthiest counties in our country are now suburbs of Wash-ington, D.C. We are not producing shale here. We don’t have technology— nothing—in Washington. 
It is all because of the power and 
growth of government, so people inside the beltway are not held accountable. You have people at the IRS, and you have people at the EPA, and you have people in all of these different agen-cies. Essentially, they are allowed to operate under a lower standard of con-duct than what an American taxpayer or a citizen would be allowed or per-mitted to do by the government. That is unacceptable. 
I think that this IRS issue is as im-
portant a government accountability issue as we are facing in this Congress. I think it is a test for the House as to whether we are going to be serious about this and hold these IRS officials accountable. 
I am glad my friend from North Caro-
lina had the time here today. I think it was very productive to listen to some of the other Members. I just want the American people to know that I am committed to getting to the bottom of this and to holding these people ac-countable not only for the targeting, but for obstructing the investigation when it has been obstructed over and over again. 
Mr. WALKER. I thank Congressman 
D
ESANTIS . 
Mr. Speaker, tonight, in closing, we 
have had an evening which we have called and labeled ‘‘the People’s Night,’’ one of many that we plan on holding. I thank the dozen or so col-leagues who have shown their concern. 
We talk much about awareness these 
days, but few times do we get to the ac-countable and to the action step proc-ess. Government has run amuck. That is why many of us ran to begin with. 
I sent out an email this afternoon, 
asking a few of the constituents back home what some of the things are they are concerned about. The president of our local women’s Republican club sent back two paragraphs and listed about 12 or 13 things. Those are the kinds of things we need to be calling out. 
It has been a privilege to be with my 
colleagues this evening. I appreciate their time as they continue to show strong support for these wonderful men and women. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2596, INTELLIGENCE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the 
Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–155) on the resolution (H. Res. 315) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2596) to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence- related activities of the United States Government, the Community Manage-ment Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
IRAN’S HISTORY OF TERRORISM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, this 
evening, I would like to take some time to remind the American people of the nature of a sworn enemy of the United States, whose leaders to this day, as they have for the past 36 years, continue to chant, ‘‘Death to Amer-ica.’’ 
That enemy, Mr. Speaker, is Iran. 
Mr. Speaker, the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council—the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, and China, plus Ger-many, this group known as the P5+1— have engaged in negotiations with Iran in an attempt to halt Iran’s develop-ment of nuclear weapons. 
Of significant note, unlike the nego-
tiations that we had with North Korea years ago regarding its pursuit of nu-clear weapons, those negotiations in-cluded the United States and North Ko-rea’s neighbors—China, Russia, South Korea, and Japan. Iran’s regional neighbors and closest targets, how-ever—Saudi Arabia, Jordan, and Israel—were not invited to participate in these talks. 
A framework for an agreement with 
the P5+1 and Iran was reached in April, but that framework is simply inad-equate to halt the regime’s march to a nuclear weapon. 
Iran cannot be allowed to get a nu-
clear weapon. Such an event would set off a destabilizing arms race in a region of the world that is already afire with sectarian hatred. It is a real threat that Iran would use such a weapon against Israel, Europe, or with its con-tinued development of long-range intercontinental ballistic missiles against the United States. 
Iran’s surface-to-surface missile ex-
pansion is a threat typically left out of discussions over its nuclear program, but we cannot ignore that Iran has now built itself the largest and most sophis-ticated long-range missile arsenal in the Middle East. 
The current nuclear framework 
agreed to in April represents a signifi-cant shift in U.S. policy regarding Iran’s nuclear program. Under the agreed upon framework, Iran’s nuclear centrifuges will be allowed to keep spinning for the next decade. This is the first Presidential administration to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.054 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4377 June 15, 2015 
agree to a deal that allows Iran to con-
tinue enriching uranium, thereby le-gitimizing Iran’s entire nuclear pro-gram. 
Importantly, the administration’s 
notion that oversight from inter-national atomic inspectors can keep Iran from developing a weapon is sim-ply not true. For over a decade, Iran has evaded the very oversight body tasked with conducting inspections and monitoring its nuclear stockpiles. 
If the past 15 years are any indica-
tion, we know that Iran will incur enormous financial costs and wreck its domestic economy, all to continue en-riching uranium and developing and testing nuclear weapons at secret fa-cilities and undeclared sites. 
In light of the past 15 years, we know 
Iran will continue to evade the inter-national community just as it did when building and operating its Natanz and Fordow facilities in complete secrecy, concealed from international atomic inspectors. 
Those who choose can ignore the 
writing on the wall and whitewash Iran’s previous violations of numerous international treaties while continuing to operate its covert nuclear program. Those who choose can ignore the hos-tile rhetoric that still spews from the mouths of Iran’s so-called reformers, including so-called moderates, like President Rouhani, who publicly brags about Iran’s ability to deceive the West, using stall tactics at the negoti-ating table when, all the while, Iran continues making progress behind the scenes on its nuclear program. 
Mr. Speaker, many of us have grave 
concerns about the deal being nego-tiated in that it will leave Iran on the path to nuclear weapons while allowing for the complete relief from the sanc-
tions that forced Iran to the table. 
I suggest that, even if Iran abandons 
its path to the bomb, it is completely reasonable to leave the sanctions in place until Iran stops the terror cam-paign it has been on for the last 36 years. 
b2115 
I simply ask fellow Americans to be 
skeptical of any assurances that Iran has stopped or will stop pursuing a nu-clear weapon. Just 6 months ago Presi-dent Obama used these Iran negotia-tions to silence critics who oppose his foreign policy. In an interview with CNN, the President suggested that the year-and-a-half of ongoing negotiations with Iran is probably the first time that Iran ‘‘has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.’’ 
President Obama didn’t stop there. 
He went on to assure people that this freeze on Iran’s nuclear program had been verified by the U.N. and the inter-national atomic inspectors, who ac-knowledge that Iran has not made progress. Yet, we know now that the opposite is true. In the last 18 months of negotiations, Iran has not frozen its nuclear program, by any stretch, but has actually increased its nuclear stockpiles by 20 percent. Iran’s nuclear program is a very seri-
ous problem. But it is only one of the dimensions of the threat that Iran poses to the world. It remains only one part of an overall program of terror that has been carried out by Iran for a very long time. 
I wanted to offer this Special Order 
about Iran today because it is a very important anniversary. Thirty years ago today Navy Seabee diver Robert Stethem was singled out and murdered by Iranian-backed terrorists because he was a United States servicemember. He was only 23 years old at that time, the same age that I was. His murder was at the hands of Hezbollah, an Iran-funded militant terror group aboard the hi-jacked TWA flight 847. We can never forget the barbaric way in which he was murdered and his body subse-quently dropped from the plane onto the Beirut runway. 
Master chief constructionman 
Stethem, we will never forget the sac-rifice you gave for our country, and to-gether we pray for your family. 
Robert was born in Connecticut to 
parents Richard and Patricia Stethem. Just as his mother and father had done, Robert followed his family footsteps and signed up to serve in the U.S. Navy shortly before he would celebrate his 20th birthday. He was returning from an assignment in Greece aboard TWA flight 847 headed to Beirut when the aircraft was seized by militants. 
Bobby Stethem never got to pursue 
the hopes and dreams that every Amer-ican has: settling down, raising a fam-ily, and contributing more of himself to this wonderful, exceptional Nation. His parents lost the comfort and grace of seeing a son grow old, and his sib-lings lost a lifelong friend and com-panion. And lest we forget, it was Ira-nian-backed terrorists who put an end to this young life. Bobby Stethem was one victim of Iran’s reign of terror. There have been many more. 
Iran’s hostility toward America 
emerged in full force in 1979 when it failed to protect the American Em-bassy in Tehran and allowed radical Islamist students to seize the Embassy and take American diplomats and ma-rines hostage, holding 52 of them hos-tage for 444 days. The attempted rescue of the hostages in April 1980 resulted in the deaths of eight Americans, and Iran bears full responsibility for those deaths. 
Throughout the 1980s, Iran funded 
terrorists in Lebanon who were respon-sible for the deaths of hundreds of Americans. To recall some of the events: Between 1982 and 1992, Iranian- backed Hezbollah systematically kid-napped 96 foreign nationals, 25 of them Americans. At least eight died in cap-tivity. Some were murdered, while oth-ers died as a result of inadequate med-ical attention. 
On April 18, 1983, Hezbollah bombed 
the American Embassy in Beirut, kill-ing 63, including 17 Americans. Six months later, on October 23, 1983, a Hezbollah suicide bomber drove a truck laden with more than 15,000 pounds of 
explosives into the U.S. Marine bar-racks at the Beirut airport, killing 241 marines and wounding more than 100 more. Fifty-eight French paratroopers were also killed. 
On September 20, 1984, Hezbollah 
struck again with another bombing, this time carrying out an attack on the U.S. Embassy annex in Beirut, killing 24 people, including two Americans. 
The reign of terror moved from the 
1980s to the 1990s, when Iranian-backed terrorists attacked the Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia in 1996, killing 19 air-men of the United States Air Force. 
Iran continued its attacks on Ameri-
cans throughout the 2000s and the 2010s with its backing of terrorists who killed American servicemembers using IEDs in Iraq and Afghanistan. An arti-cle from March 2015 quotes a former U.S. war general who served in Iraq and estimates that Iran was respon-sible for about one-third of U.S. casual-ties during the war, which amounts to approximately 1,500 sons and daughters of America who never came home alive. 
In addition to its attacks on Ameri-
cans, Iran-backed terrorists attacked other nations around the world. In March of 1992, Hezbollah detonated a truck bomb at the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires, killing 29 people and in-juring 240 others. 
On July 18, 1994, Iran bombed a Jew-
ish community center in Buenos Aires, which took the lives of 85 innocent ci-vilians and injured more than 300. Again, in July of 2012, Hezbollah operatives claimed responsibility after a suicide bomber detonated a bomb on an Israeli bus in Bulgaria, killing five Israelis and wounding 30 people. 
Until Iran stops its export of terror 
and stops its threats to Israel, the United States, and other nations, no sanction relief should be granted. If Iran does not abandon its nuclear am-bitions, sanctions should be increased. 
I am privileged this evening, Mr. 
Speaker, to be joined by some col-leagues. I would like to yield to my colleague from New York, Congress-man L
EEZELDIN , who represents a part 
of Long Island. Congressman Z ELDIN is 
a great addition to this House, serving in his freshman year, and also a vet-eran of the U.S. Army. I yield to Con-gressman Z
ELDIN . 
Mr. ZELDIN. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. 
Iran is a nation led by a regime 
threatening the stability of the free world. That is nothing new. Iran has a long history of supporting terrorism and working to overthrow foreign gov-ernments. Since 1984, over 30 years ago, the United States has called Iran a state sponsor of terrorism, not only for their direct participation in attacks, but for their financing and other sup-port for others who pursue terror. 
Iran has brought instability to the 
Middle East and does not act in good faith, blowing up mock U.S. warships, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.056 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4378 June 15, 2015 
pledging to wipe Israel off the map, de-
veloping ICBMs, and chanting in their streets: ‘‘Death to America.’’ The Ira-nian Government threatens peace and democracy all across the globe. Nu-clear weapons in the hands of our en-emies harms the security of our free-doms and liberties that America cher-ishes and has worked so hard to defend. 
The Iranian Government came to the 
negotiating table dealt an impossible hand, you would think. In Texas Hold’Em, they call it a 7–2 off suit. In 2009, when the economy was doing bet-ter in Iran—oil was $100 a barrel—mil-lions of Iranians took to the streets to overthrow their own government. The President of the United States essen-tially made it out to be just their prob-lem, not ours, and did not engage. Now look at the predicament we find our-selves in here today. 
The President of the United States 
comes into office, inheriting pocket aces when he sits down at the table, and pocket aces happen to be the best hand you can have in Texas Hold’Em. The President sits down with the lead-ership of the Iranian Government and asks to swap hands, in the spirit of fairness and equality and good faith. Yes, the pocket aces earned on the backs of generations of Americans who have shed blood—they have fought and died to protect the United States, the greatest nation on God’s green Earth— and as a negotiating style, the Presi-dent swaps hands with the bad guys. 
As we inch closer to the June 30 
deadline, I want to reinforce that a bad deal is worse than no deal at all. Mr. President, you are getting played at the table. Take a walk; it is okay. It is time to strengthen your hand. Please do not prop up this regime with tens of billions of dollars in relief from sanc-tions. They are using that money to fi-nance terror and overthrow foreign governments aligned with America, and that is with a bad economy and oil half the price. 
Don’t make a slew of permanent con-
cessions on our side in exchange for temporary concessions on the part of the Iranians. Show strength, not weak-ness. Too many Americans have shed their blood to make our great Nation what it is today. We need strength in your voice and an articulation of re-solve that there will be no death to America. 
It is not okay for Iran to wipe Israel 
off the map. We demand the release of our Americans being unjustly impris-oned in their nation, which includes a United States marine. Where is the passion to free Amir now and the oth-ers of our fellow citizens wrongfully kept in their jails? Play the pocket aces, Mr. President. America’s great-ness, its exceptionalism, its strength is nothing to ever apologize for. 
About a month-and-a-half ago I was 
with former President George Bush, and a couple things he said then strike me, and I want to reference them here today. One is very simple. He says: The world needs America to lead. We can have a different understanding or phi-
losophy on tactics of what that means. It is something that we all know to be true. The world needs America to lead. 
The other was a story about him 
throwing out the first pitch at Yankee Stadium right after 9/11. He knew the stadium was going to be filled up. It was the World Series. It was right after 9/11. America was watching, and they were looking for something to be able to celebrate. Now, he was down getting 
ready to come out of the dugout, wear-ing a bulletproof vest, and he had a conversation with Derek Jeter. Derek Jeter asked the President whether or not he was going to throw from the top of the mound or the front of the mound, and the President answered: ‘‘What should I do?’’ Derek Jeter says: ‘‘You have to throw from the top of the mound or they won’t respect you.’’ A few moments later, the President is getting ready to walk out onto the field, and Derek Jeter said one other last word of advice. His last words were: ‘‘Don’t bounce it. They will boo you.’’ 
We need a perfect strike here, Mr. 
President, from the top of the mound, and don’t bounce it. Don’t bring home a bad deal. The resulting boos would be the least of America’s problems. Right now is a time for strength and not weakness. 
For that reason, I once again want to 
thank the gentleman for bringing this important Special Order here tonight. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank my colleague 
for his remarks and reminding us of the stakes. Also, Mr. Speaker, in a re-cent hearing held by the newly formed Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, one expert we heard from described the threat posed by just one of the many Iranian-backed terror groups. He told us: Hezbollah remains one of the most capable terror organi-zations in the world. The group’s origi-nal aims were to establish a radical Shia Islamist theocracy in Lebanon and destroy Israel. However, in recent years Hezbollah has ‘‘established cells and infrastructure in places across the globe, from Latin America and Africa to Europe and Asia.’’ As a former Hezbollah leader confirmed years ago, ‘‘Hezbollah has been receiving since 1982 all kinds of moral, political, and material backing from the Islamic Re-public of Iran.’’ 
We must consider the implications 
that lifting sanctions could have on Iran’s ability to export terror and fi-nance military operations around the world. To this very day, we know that Iran remains the most active and larg-est state sponsor of terrorism. The wide array of terror activities Iran ei-ther supports financially or militarily include but are not limited to Hezbollah, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Hamas, the Houthi in Yemen, Shiite militias in Iraq, and militants in Af-ghanistan, while also maintaining its own terrorism apparatus, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. 
Notably, many of the terror financ-
ing experts we have heard from throughout our terror task force hear-
ings have emphasized their concerns over the Obama administration’s will-ingness to lift sanctions and free up billions of dollars for the Iranian re-gime to use at large. Many experts agree that these sanctions have, with-out a doubt, diminished Iran’s ability to support terrorism and proliferation. 
It is shocking to think that the cur-
rent administration would provide bil-lions of dollars in a windfall for the Iranian regime in return for promises that Iran will limit its nuclear weapons pursuit without stringent mechanisms that can guarantee Iran will not use that money to send paychecks to mili-tants or the family of militants who plan to use it for attacks against inno-cent civilians. 
b2130 
Sanctions relief will provide money 
Iran can continue to use to set up and enhance militant training groups for Hezbollah and Hamas and groups in northern Africa. It is money Tehran can continue to send for covert weap-ons shipments and support terror oper-ations across the globe. Lifting eco-nomic sanctions will allow Iran to again use the international banking sector and make it more difficult to prevent them from conducting trans-fers and finding ways to support illicit terror groups. 
Mr. Speaker, we must wake up and 
recognize that the Iranian threat is much greater than the administration would have us believe. The threat is complex, multifaceted, and we must be combating the Iranian regime on mul-tiple fronts instead of providing the re-gime billions of dollars in bonus money, all for agreeing to cooperate and pretend, if only for a short time, that they will act in good faith and ad-here to international law and norms. 
I am also joined this evening by my 
colleague from Florida, Congressman R
ONDESANTIS , himself a veteran of the 
Navy JAG Corps. He has been out-spoken on these issues. 
I am pleased to yield to the gen-
tleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). 
Mr. D ESANTIS. I thank my friend 
from Pennsylvania. 
I was listening intently to our col-
league from New York talk about the President needing to get up on the top of the mound and throw a perfect strike here with this deal. I have seen the President throw a baseball, and Lord help us if that is what we need to stop this, because I think we are in a major, major pickle here, and it has been the result of bad policies from the beginning. 
Almost 2 years ago, in 2013, this 
House voted to increase sanctions on Iran. And we did that with over 400 votes, on a bipartisan basis. And that was really the obvious thing to do at the time because the leadership of Iran, the mullahs, were chafing under the sanctions regime that was in place. And the way to deal with a country like Iran, with a leadership that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.057 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4379 June 15, 2015 
dedicated to militant Islam, is when 
they are starting to chafe, you turn the screws harder. 
We did that thing. We did the right 
thing. In the Senate, H
ARRY REID 
would not bring that up for a vote. The President decided that rather than that route, he would simply provide unilateral sanctions relief to Iran, say-ing: This is a gesture of good faith. Now we want you to reciprocate with your nuclear program. 
Basically, from that time forward, 
Iran has said: Go fly a kite. We are not giving up anything. 
So the agreement we seem to be on 
the verge of submitting to the Congress allows Iran to keep their entire nuclear infrastructure. The underground bunk-er at Fordow is fortified for a missile attack. Why do you need to fortify a nuclear facility against a missile at-tack if it is for peaceful purposes? So they get to keep that. 
They have a heavy water reactor in 
Iraq that they get to keep. That is used to produce plutonium. They don’t need it for peaceful purposes. They have ad-vanced centrifuges that they are al-lowed to keep. Again, no use for those for peaceful purposes. 
So Iran is basically in a situation 
where, if you turn back the clock al-most 2 years, when this House voted those sanctions with over 400 votes, if you asked Iran and the Iranian leader-ship what they most wanted, they probably said: Well, look, we want to keep our nuclear infrastructure, but we want to get rid of these sanctions. 
And guess what? That looks to be 
what is going to happen. And that is going to be a very, very dangerous and bad deal. 
I do think it is worth pointing out as 
much as we can the nature of this re-gime. They are not only fomenting problems in the Middle East, they are not only dedicated to the destruction of Israel, they are dedicated to the de-struction of the United States. 
The most deadly attack on U.S. ma-
rines since Iwo Jima was in 1983 at the Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, when Hezbollah, which was supported by Iran, bombed and killed 220 U.S. ma-rines, another 21 personnel. That is a major amount of American blood on their hands. 
In Iraq, in 2006, 2007, and 2008, they 
were responsible for killing hundreds of our servicemembers through the Shiite militias that were operating as their proxy forces, and may have killed as many as 1,500. So, again, that is major, major American blood on their hands. 
This is a regime that has never, since 
1979, showed any evidence of changing or deviating from their ideology-rooted and militant Islam. They are a danger not only to the region, but to the world. 
We have seen now for some time, 
since this President has taken office, Iran has steadily increased its influ-ence and power in the region. They are the number one actor in Iraq, by far. They are now battling for Yemen with the Houthis. They are the number one 
patron of Hamas on the Gaza Strip. They are the number one patron of Hezbollah in Lebanon, and they are the number one patron of Assad in Syria. And so this is a massive Shiite crescent throughout the Middle East. 
And guess what? When Sunni Arabs 
see our administration bending over backwards to cut deals with Iran, they see the Shiite-backed militias that are backed by Iran and Iraq—the ones fighting ISIS—that makes the average Sunni Arab say: You know what? I am much more likely to want to join ISIS than have to live under Shiite oppres-sion. 
So the President’s policy, I think, 
has been bad for expanding Iran’s influ-ence, but I think it also has the effect of driving more Sunni Arabs into the hands of ISIS, and so it is lose-lose pol-icy. 
I thank my friend from Pennsylvania 
for having this discussion. I hope that this bad deal doesn’t happen, but if it does, we need to have robust debate in the House. We need to pick apart the deal piece by piece and show how this is not something that is good for secu-rity in the world. 
We can see that already before the 
deal has even been agreed to because you see an arms race in the Middle East with the Sunni Arab states that has been underway now for some time. That is a direct result of the bad poli-cies that this administration has en-gaged in vis-a-vis Iran. 
So the regime in Iran is an enemy of 
the country. We need to recognize that. And we need to make sure that we scrutinize any deal that comes to this Congress that allows Iran to maintain a nuclear capacity and that it is voted down resoundingly. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank my col-
league. 
There is plenty to consider as the ne-
gotiations continue between the P5+1 and Iran as we look forward to what deal will be produced. 
Again, with the concerns that have 
been expressed by my colleagues from Florida and New York, we must be vigilant, particularly when you look at the context of what has been happening with Iran over the 36 years. 
Again, today we mark the sad anni-
versary of the murder of Bobby Stethem at the hands of Iranian- backed terrorists. Bobby is one of many victims that this Islamic regime out of Iran has been responsible for over nearly four decades. 
Going forward, an agreement where 
Iran would not even be required to ac-tually stop enriching uranium merits our grave concern. In light of a final agreement’s far-reaching implications for the security of both our allies in the region and our own national de-fenses, we must be extremely vigilant. 
As a Member who sits on a House 
committee that has been tasked with investigating the financial backers that keep international terror groups well-armed and operating, we cannot ignore Iran’s leading role in inter-
national terror financing. 
As many experts have warned our 
Committee, once the administration agrees to lift all economic sanctions and free up billions of dollars to the Iranian regime, there is no guarantee that deepening the regime’s pockets will not result in increased financing for acts of terror that will kill inno-cent people. 
In addition, contrary to what has 
been publicly suggested by the Presi-dent, it will be all but impossible to simply slap those economic sanctions back into effect should Iran break the terms of a final nuclear weapons deal. 
We must look to the past and con-
sider the present situation. We owe as much to all those who were murdered at the hand of the Iranian regime and by terror groups who would use Iranian money and weapons to take the lives of innocent men, women, and children. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
PIVOT TO AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL) until 10 p.m. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, Con-
gress has a chance this week to turn the President’s ‘‘Pivot to Asia’’ into a ‘‘Pivot to America.’’ The question is: Will we as Members listen to the peo-ple, or will we double down on a wa-tered-down policy that has divided both the Democratic and Republican sides of the aisle? 
We often complain about lack of bi-
partisanship, but in this case, we are seeing it stop the trade promotion au-thority, or TPA, fast track. We must hold firm. 
Republicans and Democrats have a 
long history of being for free trade. We all want our goods to go to inter-national markets and for trade barriers to be removed. We find ourselves at a crossroads today because both parties have voiced a lack of trust in the Presi-dent’s ability to be able to negotiate what is best for America. That is why we are still fighting to stop the trade promotion authority, better known as fast track. 
Fast track will not be the panacea of 
all ills. In fact, if granted, we could see the President move swiftly on the Trans-Pacific Partnership that will likely not deliver the goods, poten-tially binding our Nation to an agree-ment that could circumvent U.S. inter-ests and law and have secondary harm-ful effects in multiple areas. 
Dr. Aurolyn Luykx, an anthropology 
professor at the University of Texas at El Paso, makes this analysis: 
I think the consequences could be very 
dire. We already saw under NAFTA how so many jobs left the United States and also went from Mexico. Then we saw, as well, tens of thousands of low-income Mexican families being put out of work and losing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.059 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4380 June 15, 2015 
their land, and we saw how that drove migra-
tion to the United States. 
The architects of the TPA in both 
Congress and the White House take of-fense at any opposition, leveling the charge that we are being protection-ists. The White House claims that with fast track they can move the TPP to lower barriers on U.S. exports among the 11 other nations, thus increasing jobs and wages. 
Now to the facts. Contrary to what we hear, we already 
have high-standard free trade agree-ments with 7 of those other 11 nations in the proposed Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. We are writing the rules in the Pacific. Let’s write them some more, with good bilateral agreements that will allow the American people to have a voice, not some council or transnational commission that sets our fate. 
If you don’t believe me, then how 
about Simon Johnson, a former chief economist of the International Mone-tary Fund, a professor at MIT Sloan, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics? Maybe he knows something about it. Here is what he says about the myth of need-ing the TPA to lower tariffs among the proposed members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership: 
Almost all tariffs on trade among Canada, 
Mexico, and the United States are long gone—that was the effect of the North Amer-ican Free Trade Agreement. Under the Aus-tralia and Singapore free trade agreements as well, almost all tariffs on U.S. goods sold 
in those countries have been eliminated. Goods from the United States have entered Chile without tariffs since January of this year, and most tariffs imposed by Peru have already been phased out. 
The TPP will amount to a free trade agree-
ment with Brunei, with a population less than Omaha, Nebraska, I might add, and New Zealand, with a population less than Louisiana. Encouraging exports to these countries is surely desirable, but the eco-nomic impact on the U.S. is unlikely to be more than a rounding error. 
That leaves three larger countries where 
the issues are more complex: Japan, Malay-sia, and Vietnam. And TPP will also confer special status on foreign investors, allowing them to sue for financial judgments against host-country regulations. 
Why we would want to provide such dif-
ferential protection to nondomestic compa-nies is a mystery. Creating a quasi-legal process outside the regular court system, just for foreigners, can go wrong in many ways. 
From my own reading of the TPP, 
without divulging the details, I would add the concern about private rights in disputes, the transnational panel em-powered with a living agreement—and yes, it is there; I have seen it with my own eyes—even after the accord is signed by member nations. 
There are also the possible excep-
tions granted to Brunei, whose legal system is not to the same standard as the other nations. 
Of great concern is a stated intention 
to economically integrate like the EU—Not cooperate, but integrate. 
So, one says: What solutions do you 
have? Here are a few. First, we must start by listening to 
the American people. If the majority of Americans—from socialists to progres-sives, to liberals, to moderates, to con-servatives, to constitutionalists, to the Tea Parties—have voiced concerns and do not want TPA granted, then our ac-tions this week will truly reflect if we are being representative of that voice. 
b2145 
Second, the President must dem-
onstrate he can lead on foreign policy. He has yet to do it. Granting fast track to negotiate with 40 percent of the world’s economy should be based on how well he has handled negotiations with other nations in his tenure. It is here, in the foreign policy arena, he is found wanting. 
The President’s talent for negotia-
tion among nations should be measured by his foreign policy record. Have we forgotten the line in the sand, the arm-ing of al Qaeda and other nefarious Syrian rebels to fight Assad, only to watch them morph into ISIS, then dis-miss them as a JV team, only to see them tear through Iraq, which fell apart after we abandoned it, after we were assured they could stand on their own if we left early, and now, no strat-egy to fix it? 
Then, there is the Arab Spring, which 
has morphed into a potential for nu-clear winter with Iran. Let’s not forget Crimea and Ukraine. I can go on. The question is: Why are we? 
As I have said before, like Lucy hold-
ing the football, we are told that the President needs the power to negotiate; if we just come and take a kick at it, all will be fine. 
We cannot take such chances with 
our Nation; instead, the President must show us some deeds, not words. He should start by negotiating a bilat-eral free trade agreement with Japan, an ally, the biggest nation of those that remain and the one that has the greatest economic impact. Intently focus there, bring that to us, and we will likely approve it. 
Third, negotiate an interim agree-
ment with China. We still have much to do with raising the bar on Chinese trade due to corruption, piracy of intel-lectual property, standards of goods, and other concerns. We made those same claims with Japan in the 1960s and with South Korea in the 1980s. Today, we no longer have those con-cerns. 
China lacks lawyers to fight against 
these problems. Well, we certainly know how to make plenty of those. Ne-gotiate a law school program all across our land’s rich institutions to create Chinese attorneys to enforce the eco-nomic benefits of the rule of law. 
As to goods, China is seeking oil, nat-
ural gas, coal, timber, aggregate, beef, and pork to expand their infrastructure and to feed their people. We have an abundance of these and hard-working Americans that will gladly produce and send these goods. 
Instead of making China turn to ter-
rorist states like Sudan and trouble-makers like Venezuela to pursue these 
resources, how about a trade agree-ment on these narrow products that will immediately benefit the American people, reduce our debt with China, and strengthen our friendly ties? 
It is not impossible. We have the re-
sources. We have the technology. What we need are the guts to do it, a rekin-dling of the American spirit, and the leadership to get it done. It starts by putting the brakes on fast track. We need the right track instead. 
I urge my colleagues, left and right, 
to stand your ground. It is time for Congress to lead and be the clarion voice of the American people that we represent. That leadership starts this week in the United States House of Representatives. 
Let’s hold our ground. Let’s pivot 
back to the American people, invest in ourselves, and benefit not just the Pa-cific, but the entire world, as we have clearly demonstrated we can do in the last 100 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (at the 
request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of a flight delay. 
Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi (at the re-
quest of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today 
through June 26 on account of manda-tory military service with the Mis-sissippi Army National Guard. 
Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account of 
personal reasons. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. 
THORNBERRY , announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1568. An act to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, June 16, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1827. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Defense, transmitting the Annual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.060 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4381 June 15, 2015 
Report of the Reserve Forces Policy Board 
for FY 2014, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 113(c)(2); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1828. A letter from the Assistant to the 
Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement; Capital Adequacy of Board-Regu-lated Institutions; Bank Holding Companies; Savings and Loan Holding Companies [Dock-et No.: R-1509] (RIN: 1700-AE 30) received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1829. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Minimum Requirements for Appraisal Man-agement Companies (RIN: 3170-AA44) re-ceived June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1830. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Waldo County, ME, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2015- 0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA- 8385] received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
1831. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRA, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Minimum Requirements for Appraisal Man-agement Companies [Docket No.: OCC-2014- 0002] (RIN: 1557-AD64) received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
1832. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment to the Commission’s Rules Concerning Effective Competition; Im-plementation of Section 111 of the STELA Reauthorization Act [MB Docket No.: 15-53] received June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1833. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Certification; Mica-Based Pearlescent Pigments [Docket Nos.: FDA-2014-C-1616 and FDA-2015-C-0245] received June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1834. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-056; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1835. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-026; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1836. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-017; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1837. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-024; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1838. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-
trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-001; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1839. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, 
Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Semiannual Report to the Con-gress during the period from October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 
1840. A letter from the Chairwoman, Fed-
eral Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Semiannual Report to Con-gress, of the Office of Inspector General, dur-ing the period from October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of Pub. L. 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1841. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-
ficer, United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Changes in Requirements for Collective Trademarks and Service Marks, Collective Membership Marks, and Certification Marks [Docket No.: PTO-T-2013-0027] (RIN: 0651-AC89) received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1508. A bill to promote the development of a United States commercial space resource explo-ration and utilization industry and to in-crease the exploraton and utilization of re-sources in outer space; with an amendment (Rept. 114–153). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ms. GRANGER: Committee on Appropria-
tions. H.R. 2772. A bill making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–154). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on 
Rules. House Resolution 315. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–155). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, and Mr. B EYER ): 
H.R. 2767. A bill to prohibit certain individ-
uals from possessing a firearm in an airport, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, 
Mr. K
EATING , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. M CNERNEY ): 
H.R. 2768. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the use of funds in the Hazardous Substance Superfund for the purposes for which they were col-
lected, to ensure adequate resources for the cleanup of hazardous substances under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, Energy and Commerce, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself, Mr. 
H
ECKof Washington, and Mr. P OSEY ): 
H.R. 2769. A bill to require the National 
Credit Union Administration to conduct a study of the appropriate capital require-ments for credit unions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Miss RICE 
OFNEWYORK (for her-
self, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H.R. 2770. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require certain main-tenance of security-related technology at airports, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2771. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the dollar limi-tation on employer-provided group term life insurance that can be excluded from the gross income of the employee; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. C
AS-
TOR of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. E STY, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  
of New York, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
HONDA , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): 
H.R. 2773. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide grants to local educational agencies to encourage girls and underrepresented mi-norities to pursue studies and careers in science, mathematics, engineering, and tech-nology; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and 
Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 2774. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to prohibit recovery of cer-tain overpayments through tax refund off-sets and to prohibit the application of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15JN7.000 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4382 June 15, 2015 
earnings test with respect to child’s insur-
ance benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. 
W
OMACK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. C ONYERS , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S TIVERS , 
Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D OLD, Mr. R IGELL , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia): 
H.R. 2775. A bill to grant States authority 
to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws on remote transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 2776. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to issue regulations with re-spect to the size standards certain air car-riers utilize for carry-on baggage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2777. A bill to direct the Commis-
sioner of Social Security to implement cer-tain record keeping recommendations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2778. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide for Con-gressional oversight of agency rulemaking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2779. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to repeal the 7-year restric-tion on eligibility for widow’s and widower’s insurance benefits based on disability; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2780. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to eliminate the two-year waiting period for divorced spouse’s benefits following the divorce; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2781. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to provide for full benefits for disabled widows and widowers without re-gard to age; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2782. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to provide for increases in widow’s and widower’s insurance benefits by reason of delayed retirement; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 2783. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the financing of the Superfund; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and 
Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio): 
H.R. 2784. A bill to suspend United States 
assistance to Brazil until such time as Brazil amends its laws to remove the prohibition on extradition of nationals of Brazil to other countries; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and 
Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio): 
H.R. 2785. A bill to suspend the issuance of 
visas to nationals of Brazil until such time as Brazil amends its laws to remove the pro-hibition on extradition of nationals of Brazil to other countries; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mr. VELA (for himself and Mrs. 
M
ILLER of Michigan): H.R. 2786. A bill to require the Commis-
sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to submit a report on cross-border rail security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 2787. A bill to amend the Wild and 
Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain seg-ments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G OHMERT , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. P OE 
of Texas, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
VEASEY , and Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas): 
H. Res. 316. A resolution observing the his-
torical significance of Juneteenth Independ-ence Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 2767. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 2768. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides clear authority for Congress to pass tax legislation. Article I of the Constitution, in detailing Congressional authority, pro-vides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes . . .’’ (Section 8, Clause 1). This legislation is introduced pursuant to that grant of authority. 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 2769. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Miss RICE of New York: 
H.R. 2770. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2771. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, clause 1 enumerates 
that, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ Further, Amendment XVI states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ 
By Ms. GRANGER: 
H.R. 2772. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United 
States (the appropriation power), which states. ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 2773. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 2774. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 2775. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce Clause of the United States 
Constitution, Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 2776. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2777. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2778. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Congress’ 
powers granted under article I of the United States Constitution, including the legisla-tive vesting clause of article I, section 1; the power granted to each House of Congress under article I, section 5, clause 2; and the power granted to Congress under article I, section 8, clause 18. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2779. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The general welfare clause of section 8 of 
article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2780. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The general welfare clause of section 8 of 
article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2781. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The general welfare clause of section 8 of 
article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2782. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The general welfare clause of section 8 of 
article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 2783. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15JN7.100 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4383 June 15, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 2784. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 2785. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. VELA: 
H.R. 2786. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 2787. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose 
of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. H ECK of Washington, and 
Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 9: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 167: Ms. S PEIER and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 197: Ms. B ASS, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. F UDGE , and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 276: Mr. L ONGand Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 282: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 353: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 379: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 473: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 501: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
PETERS , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 503: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 511: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 563: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
GENEGREEN of Texas, and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 571: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 592: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 674: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 706: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 774: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. K IL-
MER. 
H.R. 815: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
FLEMING . H.R. 829: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 863: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 893: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S ANFORD , and 
Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 911: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 918: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 920: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 921: Ms. E SHOO and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 936: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 953: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 969: Mr. H INOJOSA and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 980: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 985: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 990: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1018: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1041: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 1078: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 1188: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 1211: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1221: Ms. E STY, Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. 
QUIGLEY . 
H.R. 1249: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1284: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1344: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1356: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida, and Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H URD of 
Texas, and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1462: Ms. P INGREE and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . 
H.R. 1468: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 1490: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1503: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. D OLD, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. P ETERS , and 
Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1701: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1849: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 1908: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1911: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1919: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T AKAI, and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1924: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1953: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1971: Mr. G ALLEGO and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1977: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1982: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1986: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , and Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. L UCAS and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2019: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. B RAT, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 2063: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2083: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. 
COURTNEY . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. A BRAHAM and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 2102: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 2123: Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2152: Mr. B ABIN and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2213: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H UDSON , 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2222: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 2230: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2233: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 2237: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 2246: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2266: Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2270: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 2274: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2303: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. 
DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. R OYCE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. G OSAR , and 
Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2494: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2497: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 2506: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2507: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2526: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2560: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 2591: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana. 
H.R. 2594: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 2606: Mr. C OOKand Mr. B URGESS  
H.R. 2620: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 2650: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 2652: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2653: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
CULBERSON , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 2658: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2670: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2680: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2692: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2719: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2730: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2732: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2737: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2738: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. 
H. J. Res. 49: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H. Con. Res. 53: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 14: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. K LINE and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H. Res. 276: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of Rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
13. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
District 6 City Councilman Don Zimmerman, Austin, TX, relative to repealing Section 42, of the Internal Revenue Code, on the subject of low-income housing federal tax credits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.027 H15JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4119 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 2015 No. 95 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Holy One, teach us to do Your will. 
Help us to see life’s troubles from a spiritual perspective as we continue to place our trust in You. May our hearts find repose in You. 
Direct our Senators in all their do-
ings, surrounding them with Your favor. Lord, be continually available to help them in their work so that Your Name will be glorified and righteous-ness will exalt our Nation. Keep our lawmakers captive only to Your Spirit, that they may be free from bondage to self. Guide them so that they will pur-sue only what is good and true and just, as You empower them to live God- centered lives. 
We pray in Your mighty Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Statue 
of Liberty stands as a universal symbol of hope and freedom. Engraved within its pedestal are the words of Emma Lazarus, a call etched for the world to see. Give me your tired, your poor, your 
huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, the tempest-tost to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door! 
For countless generations, our fa-
thers and grandfathers, mothers and grandmothers, have braved oceans, deserts, and rivers to answer that call. As a result, the United States has been empowered by the contributions of im-migrants from around the world—im-migrants who came in pursuit of the American dream and have pursued this dream through strong family values, hard work, and love of country. 
My wife’s father, my father-in-law, 
emigrated here from Russia. My grand-mother came from England. My family, like so many American families, has its immigrant stories to tell. 
This month is Immigrant Heritage 
Month. As we celebrate our shared im-migrant heritage, we must work to en-sure that America welcomes future generations of immigrants with the dignity and respect we wish for our own families. 
The United States has become the 
greatest Nation on Earth because of the hard work, dedication, and diver-sity immigrants brought to these shores. Our strength lies in our ability to embrace the richness immigrants bring to the American story. Just look 
at some of our Nation’s most successful companies: Google, Yahoo, General Electric, IBM. These are all modern companies, but over the centuries, we have had life stories, where just like Google, Yahoo, General Electric, and IBM, all these American companies were founded by immigrants or the children of immigrants. 
I have seen personally the contribu-
tions of immigrants and the positive impact that a diversity of backgrounds has on shaping public policy. My staff represents generations of immigrants brought to this country. One staff member was born in the Philippines and emigrated with her mother to Las Vegas. Another left Nicaragua in the 1980s in the midst of a brutal civil war 
and settled in Carson City. Others came from Mexico, El Salvador, and Poland. Much like our Nation, my of-fice is all the better because it reflects the diverse backgrounds, communities, and perspectives of those who have im-migrated to Nevada. 
Nevada has a particularly vibrant 
international community. Las Vegas is home to large Latino, Asian, Pacific Is-lander, and Armenian communities. Northern Nevada has the same, but in addition to that, it is the home to proud descendants of immigrants from the Basque Country. 
Without the contributions made by 
generations of proud immigrants, Ne-vada would not be the State that it is today. Immigrants have been leaders. They protect our Nation, and they have taught our children. The immigrants who heeded the call engraved on the Statue of Liberty have altered this country for the better. We are and will always be a Nation of immigrants. 
I have devoted years of legislative ef-
fort to fixing our broken immigration system. In 2010 after Republicans blocked the DREAM Act, it became clear to me and to other Senators that Republicans were not going to cooper-ate. So we urged the President to take administrative action as the Repub-licans continued to block legislative ef-forts. 
Three years ago today, the President 
announced that young people who do not present a risk to national security would become eligible for relief from deportation through the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program. As a result of this action, over 660,000 DREAMers have been approved, includ-ing almost 12,000 Nevadans. These indi-viduals no longer live in fear of depor-tation. They can now contribute more fully to our country, as college stu-dents, teachers, small business owners, and artisans. These individuals were brought here as young children. Most do not remember the countries in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.000 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4120 June 15, 2015 
which they were born. When they 
pledge allegiance it is to the United States. They love this country and are Americans in all but paperwork. These young people can now become teachers, own businesses, and further contribute to the American economy. They can se-cure a better future for themselves, their families, and our country. The program is a temporary solution for a broken immigration system. 
Comprehensive immigration reform 
is the best way to repair our immigra-tion system and preserve the integrity of the American dream. In the Senate we passed a bill almost 2 years ago for comprehensive immigration reform, but House Republicans refused even to allow a vote on that legislation. Had they allowed a vote on the legislation, it would have passed by a big margin because virtually every Democrat would have voted for it and a number of Republicans would have voted for it. But the Speaker decided no, they wouldn’t allow a vote on it, and they haven’t. But because the Republicans would not pass immigration reform, President Obama acted again within his legal authority to create a new pro-gram for the parents of U.S. citizens and green card holders that would in effect take care of the parents of these DREAMers. Those programs would be in effect now if it were not for a politi-cally motivated lawsuit filed by a Re-publican challenging the program. 
The Republicans say it is about the 
President, but they really are attack-ing and separating American families. In the Senate, Republicans have tried repeatedly to stop President Obama’s efforts. 
The Deferred Action for Childhood 
Arrivals Program has transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of young people over the past 3 years. Shutting down this program would cause the de-portation of young men and women to countries they don’t know. 
We, with the President, will do every-
thing in our power to protect and de-fend this program and to fight the baseless lawsuit that is preventing over 5 million additional people for the American dream. The Supreme Court has been clear that Presidents have the authority for Federal immigration en-forcement priorities. I am confident that the President’s actions will ulti-mately be upheld, and I will continue to fight to protect those programs and keep families together. 
I look forward to the day when pro-
grams such as DACA are replaced with permanent comprehensive immigration reform, which is so vitally important. 
Before closing, on the floor today is 
the assistant Democratic leader. He has been on this floor articulating the importance of these DREAMers and what they do for our country, and what initially was their potential for our country. Now of course it has already been proven that their potential was even underscored. They have done so much more than we even anticipated they could do. I appreciate very much my friend, the senior Senator from Illi-
nois, for his advocacy of this program and his tireless efforts for justice in America. 
So I hope that we will live up to the 
words on the Statue of Liberty, at the lamp beside the golden door, which is beckoning to people from other shores. 
Mr. President, will you announce the 
business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
3RD ANNIVERSARY OF DACA 
PROGRAM 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want 
to thank the Democratic leader for his kind words. 
Today is the third anniversary of 
DACA. 
It was 15 years ago when I received a 
call to my Senate office in Chicago. A Korean-American woman who worked at a drycleaners in the city of Chicago had a question for me. It turned out that her daughter, Tereza Lee, had been offered an opportunity to go to school at one of the best music schools in America, but she had problems fill-ing out her application. 
The whole story is that this family 
had come through Brazil from Korea to the United States years before. The family, including Tereza, who was then 2 years old, came in on a tourist visa. The idea behind their arrival in Amer-ica was that her father was going to open a church. He would be a minister with his own congregation. It was a dream that was never realized. The family struggled. They were very poor. Tereza’s mother went to work at a dry-cleaners. Her father didn’t work much. He had health problems. 
Luckily, Tereza, this young girl, 
when she was about 10 or 12 years old, was enrolled in a music program in Chicago called the Merit Music Pro-gram. The Merit Music Program offers to children from poor families musical instruction and instruments. They in-troduced Tereza to the piano, and an amazing thing happened. She turned out to be an incredible musician. So she was finishing high school and was offered an opportunity to go to school in New York to a music school—the Manhattan School of Music. 
She had other offers, too, but when 
she went to fill out the application and they asked her to put in her citizenship and nationality, she asked her dad and mom: What am I supposed to put there? They said: We didn’t file any pa-
pers for you. You are technically un-documented in America. Your sister and brother were born here and are legal citizens. We have become legal in America, but as for you, we are not sure. So what should we do? Let’s call D
URBIN ’s office. 
They called my Senate office and the 
law is very clear. If you were brought to the United States undocumented and lived your entire life here and wanted to stay here, the law said you had to leave the United States for 10 years and then apply to come back. 
They asked me if there was anything 
else under the law, and I said no, that was it. It is because of that that I in-troduced the DREAM Act 15 years ago. This DREAM Act said that young peo-ple under circumstances like Tereza’s, who were brought to the United States at a very young age, were raised in this country, were finishing school, and who had no criminal record, would be given a chance—a chance to become legal in America, the DREAM Act. 
Well, that DREAM Act has been a 
dream for 15 years. It is not a law. But, fortunately for me, when I served in the Senate, at one point I had a col-league named Barack Obama, who was my fellow Senator and cosponsor of the DREAM Act in his day. When he be-came President and it became clear we were not going to pass comprehensive immigration reform or make the DREAM Act the law of the land, this President said: I will give to these young people who would qualify for the DREAM Act temporary status so they can stay in America on a temporary basis without fear of deportation. That is what the President did 3 years ago with DACA, deferred action for child-hood arrivals. 
As the Democratic leader reported, 
660,000 young people have signed up, paid a hefty filing fee, had a criminal background check, and submitted their names to the government. It was a leap of faith for these young people to do this because if you grew up undocu-mented in America, you were told at a very early age by your parents: For goodness’ sakes, keep your head down; don’t ever get arrested; don’t try to drive a car. Not only could you get de-ported, our whole family could get de-ported. 
Well, these young people wanted to 
be heard, and they stepped up and they signed up for the President’s program. 
It has been an incredible story. Five 
years ago, in April 2010, I joined with my former colleague Richard Lugar in writing a letter to President Obama asking him to establish this program. Later that year, Senator R
EID, who 
just spoke, brought the DREAM Act to the Senate floor. The Senate Gallery was filled with young people, undocu-mented people, who came for that bill to be considered wearing caps and gowns. They wanted to make it clear they were not looking for a free ride in America. They were looking for a chance. But despite the fact that 55 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.002 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4121 June 15, 2015 
Senators out of 100 voted for it, we did 
not get the magic number—60—and the DREAM Act did not become law. 
Senator R
EID joined me, with 22 
other Democratic Senators, asking President Obama to create this DACA Program so these children could sign up. The President did. It is an amazing success. What has happened to these DREAMers when they are given a chance to have a future in America, when they are not afraid of the knock on the door and being deported? Well, what has happened? Amazing things have happened. They are beginning to contribute to America as engineers, teachers, small business owners, and more. 
I know this policy of the President to 
give these young people a chance to be part of America absolutely infuriates most of my Republican colleagues. They cannot stand the thought that the President by Executive order would give these young people a chance. In fact, the House of Representatives on several occasions has tried to reverse this and take away this recognition that these young people can stay here on a temporary basis without being de-ported. 
Last fall, the President extended the 
program in what is known as DAPA— deferred action for parental account-ability—for those who have been here for a long period of time and would also be given temporary status, registered with the government, and be able to work in our country. 
Today, the Center for American 
Progress released a new report on the impact on the economy of the United States of these people eligible for DACA, the young people, and DAPA, their parents. Over the next 10 years, in my home State of Illinois, these two Presidential policies will increase my State’s gross domestic product by al-most $15 billion, and it will increase the overall earnings of the people liv-ing in my State. 
How is that possible? How is it pos-
sible to take these undocumented peo-ple and turn them into a positive for the economy? Well, I will tell you, that is what happens when they are on the books and working and paying their taxes, as they want to be, as they should be. 
Senator J
OHNMCCAINof Arizona was 
just on the floor. He was one of four Republican Senators—it took some courage—who stepped up and worked with four of us on the Democratic side to write a comprehensive immigration bill. We believe that our immigration system is broken in America, and we want to fix it. We met together for months working on that bill. One of the good reports that came out of the bill was that a comprehensive immi-gration system where people register, submit themselves to a background check, and pay their taxes has a posi-tive impact on the economy of the United States. 
Unfortunately, the expansion of 
these two programs has been blocked by a lawsuit in Texas filed against the President. Earlier this month, Repub-licans in the House of Representatives 
voted to block the administration from any money to defend this lawsuit. That amendment was offered by a Repub-lican Congressman from Iowa named S
TEVE KING, who has falsely claimed 
that DREAMers are actually drug deal-ers with ‘‘calves the size of canta-loupes’’—a direct quote from Congress-man K
ING—because they are carrying 
drugs across our border. That is a cruel game Congressman K
ING is playing 
with the lives of these young people. And now they want to fix the game by blocking the Obama administration from defending the lawsuit. Clearly, the proponents of this lawsuit and their destructive efforts will ulti-mately fail. But the Supreme Court has been clear—the President has the power to make these policies. 
It is so troubling that so many on the 
other side of the aisle are determined to block immigration in America. 
I have come to the floor many times 
to tell the stories of these DREAMers, and I would like to tell one of those stories today on the third anniversary of this DACA Program. 
As shown in picture, this is Denisse 
Rojas. In 1990, when she was just a lit-tle infant, her parents carried her across the southwest border with the hope of giving her and her siblings a better life. Denisse and her family set-tled in Fremont, CA. Denisse said: ‘‘In grade school, I recall feeling different from my peers. . . . my skin color was darker, my English was stilted, I was poor, and I was undocumented.’’ 
Denisse remembers her dad in a res-
taurant uniform studying late at night so he could pass the GED test. And her mother attended community college part time for 7 years to earn a nursing degree. It was this perseverance that inspired Denisse to try harder. 
In high school she was an excellent 
student and athlete. She graduated with a 4.3 grade point average, and she received the U.S. Army Reserve Na-tional Scholar Athlete Award. 
Denisse was accepted to the Univer-
sity of California, Berkeley—one of the best colleges in the country—but be-cause of her undocumented status, she did not qualify for any financial aid or government help. Denisse worked 30 hours a week while attending school full time, and she commuted an hour each way to and from school every day so she could live in affordable housing. 
At Berkeley, Denisse Rojas majored 
in integrative biology and sociology. Because she was such a good student, she was selected to work in the genet-ics lab. Her research was published in the journal Science. 
I ask unanimous consent for 2 addi-
tional minutes. I know the Senator is anxious, but if I could have 2 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Will the Senator allow 
me to propound a unanimous consent request? 
Mr. DURBIN. Of course. I am sorry, the staff said we have one 
more thing to check. If you will give me 2 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Please proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
I would have gladly yielded to my 
friend from Arizona but a higher order prevails. 
As a senior at Berkeley, Denisse co-
founded Pre-Health Dreamers, a na-tional organization of undocumented students who want to become health care professionals. 
She volunteers at the San Francisco 
General Hospital Community to Clinic Linkage Program, where she helps pa-tients who are seeking affordable hous-ing, healthy food, and employment. 
In 2012, when President Obama estab-
lished DACA—its third anniversary today—her life changed. As a DACA re-cipient, Denisse’s dreams finally seemed within reach. 
In this picture I have in the Cham-
ber, Denisse is holding her letter of ac-ceptance to Mount Sinai Medical School in New York. She will be in classes this fall. She wrote me a letter. She said: 
I have pledged allegiance to this na-
tion’s values since my first day of school; I consider the United States my home. Furthermore, serving others has instilled in me the notion that every-one deserves the opportunity for pros-perity. I thus aim to dedicate my life to serving others as a physician and continuing to be a voice for immi-grants. 
Would America be a better country if 
she were deported? Would we be better as a nation if Denisse Rojas was told: Leave. We don’t need you. We don’t want you. The fact that you have spent your entire life here means nothing. The fact that you are an exceptional student means nothing. Leave. 
It sounds like a harsh point of view, 
but it is shared by many in Congress. 
This last weekend, I took my two lit-
tle grandkids—my wife and I did—out to the Statue of Liberty on Ellis Is-land. I took a look at that statue and was reminded that we are a nation of immigrants. I was blessed that my mother came to this country as an im-migrant, and I stand on the Senate floor trying to do my best to make it a better country. 
There are people like Denisse Rojas 
who want to make this a better Amer-ica. DACA has given them that chance. Today, we celebrate the third anniver-sary of this Executive order, but more importantly, we celebrate who we are— a nation of immigrants always striving to make life better for the next genera-tion. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor and 
thank my colleague from Arizona. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
f 
EXPRESSING APPRECIATION TO 
THE SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to express my appreciation to the Senator from Illinois for his passion, for his commitment, for his advocacy for people who sometimes do not have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.003 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4122 June 15, 2015 
a voice here in the U.S. Senate. I con-
gratulate him, and I express my heart-felt appreciation for his efforts on be-half of people who are unable to speak for themselves. I thank the Senator from Illinois. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that at 11:30 a.m. tomorrow, June 16, notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate vote in relation to the McCain-Fein-stein amendment No. 1889, with no sec-ond-degree amendments in order to the McCain-Feinstein amendment prior to the vote; further, that at 2:15 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the Ernst amendment No. 1549, followed by a vote on the Gillibrand amendment No. 1578, as under the previous order, followed by the cloture vote with respect to the McCain substitute amendment No. 1463. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask to 
modify that unanimous consent re-quest by adding further that no second- degree amendments be in order to the Ernst or Gillibrand amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING ASSISTANCE TO IRAQI 
KURDISH PESHMERGA FORCES 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, as we 
continue to fight against ISIS and their radical allies, I rise to urge my colleagues to support the Ernst-Boxer amendment, which provides authority for direct assistance to a critical part-ner in that fight: the Iraqi Kurds. 
Defeating ISIS is critical to main-
taining an inclusive and unified Iraq, and the Iraqi Kurds are the key to that goal and helping to improve the hu-manitarian crisis in the region through their support and protection of over 1.6 million displaced persons from Iraq and Syria. 
This bipartisan amendment, also co-
sponsored by Senators G
RAHAM , TILLIS , 
RUBIO, and G ARDNER , provides tem-
porary authority for the President, in consultation with the Iraqi Govern-ment—and I say, again, in consultation with the Iraqi Government—to provide weapons directly to Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces in the fight against ISIS should the administration choose to do so. 
Currently, by law, the United States 
must provide support to the Iraqi Kurds through the Iraqi central gov-
ernment in Baghdad, which has often not been timely or adequate in the past. These delays have had a negative impact on the Kurds’ ability to defend Iraqi territory and provide security for those who have sought refuge in Iraqi Kurdistan. The President’s recent deci-sion to expedite arms to the Kurds as a way to improve the counter-ISIS ef-fort, I believe, speaks for itself. 
Additionally, last year, Secretary of 
State John Kerry said to the House Foreign Affairs Committee: 
You said the administration is responsible 
for sending all these weapons through Bagh-dad. No, we’re not. You are. We’re adhering to U.S. law passed by Congress. 
Secretary Kerry continued: 
We have to send it to the [Iraqi] govern-
ment because that’s U.S. law. If you want to change it, fix it, we invite you. 
Well, this amendment does just that, 
and it does so in a bipartisan, bi-cameral fashion. It builds upon a simi-lar bill in the House led by Foreign Af-fairs Committee Chairman E
DROYCE  
and Ranking Member E NGEL . This bill 
and my amendment are quite different than the House NDAA language. 
My amendment provides a 3-year au-
thorization to reduce delays and ineffi-ciencies in arming Peshmerga forces to fight ISIS while ensuring the Iraqi Government is an integral part of the process. The amendment continues to promote a unified Iraq and enhances the ability to fight our common enemy—an enemy that ultimately seeks to bring their terror to our shores. 
Furthermore, the amendment pre-
serves the President’s ability to notify the Iraqi Government before weapons, equipment, defense services or related training is provided to Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces. It ensures this emer-gency authorization does not construct a precedent of providing direct support to organizations other than a country or an international organization. Most important to remember, it does not re-quire the President to act. It provides him the authorization to do so if he feels the situation warrants it. 
Beginning in the first gulf war, the 
Iraqi Kurds and their Peshmerga secu-rity forces have played a vital role in supporting U.S. interests and fostering a free Iraq, despite limited means of doing so. Last week, they not only held their ground but made some gains against ISIS in the Kirkuk Province. There are far too few positive news sto-ries out of Iraq recently, but when there are some, it is often the Kurds who are making that progress. 
ISIS is deadly and determined, and 
Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces—our critical partner in the fight against 
ISIS—need U.S. weapons as quickly as possible. We simply cannot afford fu-ture delays at this critical moment in the battle. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this much needed bi-partisan legislation to arm the Iraqi Kurds in the fight against ISIS. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
AMERICA’S SPACE PROGRAM 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
wish to address the issue of America’s space program. 
Some very disturbing news has come 
out over the course of the Appropria-tions Committee’s deliberations on the House-passed Commerce-State-Justice appropriations bill, which, it is my un-derstanding, has passed the House. It includes the funding for NASA. What is disturbing about it is that at a time when we are recognizing that Vladimir Putin is increasingly trying to thwart the interests of the United States with his aggressiveness and invasion of Ukraine, his threats to the Baltic States, his invasion of that part of Ukraine known as Crimea, and the var-ious other semi-threats he has made to us, it would certainly seem to be in the interests of the United States that where we have a joint shared and mu-tually agreed-to space program which goes all the way back to 1975 when in the middle of the Cold War an Amer-ican spacecraft rendezvoused and docked with a Russian spacecraft, Soyuz—and the Apollo-Soyuz mission made extraordinary political as well as scientific history for those two crews, led by Gen. Tom Stafford on the Amer-ican side and General Alexei Leonov on the Soviet side. After they docked, those two crews lived together in space for 9 days in the middle of the Cold War, 1975. That set us on the course— with the Soviet Union still in exist-ence—of starting to cooperate. We ac-tually had an American space shuttle rendezvous and dock with the first Russian space station, MIR. From there, we went on to build the Inter-national Space Station with the Rus-sians as well as a dozen other nations as our partners. This space station, on orbit 250 to 325 miles high, is 120 yards long. In other words, if you sat at the 50-yard line in a football stadium, you would look from one goalpost to the other goalpost and that is how big this is, the International Space Station. There are six human beings up there. There is an international crew. There are Russians, there are Americans, and from time to time there are Italians, Germans, French, Japanese—a whole host of nations that are our partners. 
So it has been that as we built this 
space station, the Russians would launch on their Soyuz spacecraft, to and from the International Space Sta-tion, supply and human supply, and the Americans, who had the capacity of 45,000 pounds on the space shuttle, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.004 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4123 June 15, 2015 
would take up the component parts of 
the space shuttle and assemble them in orbit. We continued that over the bet-ter part of a decade and a half, until the space station was complete. 
In the interim, we lost 14 souls and 2 
space shuttles, the last one of which was Columbia in the winter of 2003. The investigation board, led by Navy Admi-ral Gehman, said: As soon as you get the space station assembled—it was necessary to fly the space shuttle to take up the component parts—you shut it down and you replace the space shut-tle with a safer rocket. 
I won’t take the time right now to 
explain the engineering and design of the space shuttle versus the future rocket, but for this discussion, suffice it to say that when you put the crew in a capsule at the top of the rocket, they have the capability to escape, saving the crew, even if there is an explosion of the rocket on the pad because the capsule can separate with the escape rockets and land some distance away via parachutes. 
By the way, one of those rockets 
under development right now just had its pad-abort test—SpaceX—and it was very successful. 
I am giving all this background to 
get to what was almost a dagger in the heart coming out of the Appropriations Committee in both the House and the Senate, and that is, they have funded NASA fairly well given the fact that they are trying to cut in order to sat-isfy this tea party-inspired sequester, which is this cut across the board, but in doing so, what they have done is cut the development funds for the humans riding on American rockets to get to and from our International Space Sta-tion, the essence of which is that if those funding cuts the committee has done are sustained, it will delay us from putting Americans on American rockets going to and from the space station until, instead of 2017, very like-ly 2019. 
Ask almost any American whether 
they want a successful American space program, and they will clearly tell you yes, and that means Americans on American rockets. We have those rock-ets. They are sending cargo to and from. But we have to go in and do the designs of the redundancies and the es-cape systems on these commercial rockets, the two companies of which in competition are Boeing and SpaceX. 
Now let me get back to Vladimir 
Putin. Do we think it is a matter of wise public policy that we would con-tinue our dependence on Vladimir Putin on our ability to get to our own International Space Station by having to ride and pay what he now charges— $75 million a ride per U.S. astronaut? Do we think that is wise public policy given this President of the Russian Federation who is so predictable? I don’t think so. 
So what the House did—the Presi-
dent’s request for this next round of competition—and they have come a long way. They are ready to go. I just said that one of the competitors, 
SpaceX, just did a pad-abort test by showing that the capsule could sepa-rate from the rocket and safely land 3,600 feet away in a splashdown with the parachutes. 
It is not wise public policy to cut 
funding so this development of safe human space travel on these commer-cial rockets of Boeing and SpaceX—it 
is not good public policy, it is not in the interests of U.S. public policy that we would stay tied to Vladimir Putin in order to get to and from our own space station with astronauts. 
It is just a small amount of money. 
The President requested for this next year of competition $1.24 billion to put in the redundancies and the escape sys-tems and have them tested. It is a crit-ical year. It is 2015. It is the middle of 2015. We are going to start flying U.S. astronauts 2 years from now, in 2017. But when you start cutting that fund-ing from the President’s request to $900 million, as the Senate Appropriations Committee just did last week, or to $1 billion, which the House has just done in the passage of their appropriations bill—when you do that, that is going to stretch out the development that it is very likely we can’t send our own as-tronauts to our own space station on our own rockets. We will have to keep paying Vladimir Putin $75 million every time we go to ride on the Soyuz to go to our own space station. Now, you figure it out. How many rides is that over an additional 2 years? That is probably $300 million right there. That is only four rides, assuming he is going to be charging us in 2018 and 2019 the same price he is charging now. He could jack that up. 
I think it was a sad day in the Senate 
Appropriations Committee when the committee turned down, by a very nar-row vote of 14 to 12, Senator M
IKULSKI ’s 
amendment to restore the cut from $900 million to $1.24 billion. Sooner or later, that appropriations bill is going to come out here. It has a lot of other problems, as every appropriations bill does, as the Senate is finding out on this Defense authorization bill right now—all the funny money that is baked into it because of this so-called sequester. But when it comes out here, I am going to ask the Senators: Do you think it is wise policy that we continue our reliance on Vladimir Putin? 
As we have been doing the Defense 
bill, J
OHN MCCAIN, our chairman, has 
been on a rampage against giving money to Vladimir Putin by virtue of us buying the Russian engine, which is a very good engine and which became an engine for American rockets, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, as a way of keeping their Russian—for-merly Soviet—scientists engaged in an aerospace industry so they did not get secreted off to become scientists for rogue nations such as North Korea or Iran. But Senator M
CCAINhas pointed 
out—rightly this Senator believes— that you want to reduce your reliance on those Russian engines called the RD–180 that are the main engines for 
the Atlas V, one of the absolute prime horses in the stable for our assured ac-cess to space. If we are going to lessen our dependence on the Russian engine, why wouldn’t we lessen our dependence on Russian spacecraft being the only means by which we would get to orbit to our own International Space Sta-tion? The logic is too compelling. Yet it is this ideological furor that has lapsed over into partisanship that has so gripped these Halls of Congress into making irrational decisions. 
We can correct this decision when 
that appropriations bill comes to the floor of the Senate. I hope we will. I hope folks such as Senator M
CCAIN— 
one of this country’s two heroes who is taking this on in the defense com-mittee—are going to help us out here on the floor by taking this on in the Appropriations Committee. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
the National Defense Authorization Act is one of the most important pieces of legislation Congress considers each and every year. That is why the new majority has made it one of our top priorities. It is why we have reversed the worrying trend of recent years, when we had seen such an important bill crammed in at the very last minute with little time for debate or for amendment. 
This year’s Defense bill has under-
gone weeks of thorough and serious consideration under the regular order, both in committee and here on the floor. This year’s Defense bill has been open to a vigorous and bipartisan amendment process, with amendments from both sides having been adopted al-ready. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.006 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4124 June 15, 2015 
It is a reform bill that aims to trans-
form bureaucratic waste into crucial investments for the men and women who give everything—everything—to protect us. It contains important qual-ity-of-life programs for these service-members and for their families. It holds the promise of compassion for wounded warriors, and it extends a hand of understanding to heroes who struggle with mental health chal-lenges. It also authorizes the pay raises our troops have surely earned. 
It is a bill that contains input from 
both sides, and it is a bill that reflects priorities from both sides. That is why it sailed out of committee with huge bipartisan support, 22 to 4. That is why the House of Representatives passed a similar version with support from both parties. 
That is why one would think it would 
be headed towards strong bipartisan passage here in the Senate as well. But some Democratic leaders now want to hold pay raises and important medical programs for our troops hostage as le-verage for unrelated partisan gains. 
It is all part of the filibuster summer 
they promised us. Democratic leaders have been quite open in detailing their strategy, which basically boils down to this: Deny our troops the benefits they have earned and even shut down the government if they can’t extract more taxpayer dollars for bureaucracies such as the IRS. 
The American people don’t want any 
part of this senseless filibuster summer vacation. But Democratic leaders al-ready packed up their dusty Winnebago and—with ‘‘Bigger IRS or bust’’ scrawled on the back—are now bar-reling toward our troops and their fam-ilies in a dangerous game of chicken. 
I am asking these leaders to please 
stop—please stop. This isn’t some game. Please think about what you are doing. 
We live in exceedingly dangerous 
times. We are faced with the most ‘‘di-verse and complex array of crises’’ in the postwar era, and that is Henry Kis-singer saying that. Nearly every week seems to bring another new example of ISIL’s brutality. 
This is certainly not a moment to 
use our military as leverage in order to secure a few more bucks—a few more bucks—for bloated bureaucracies such as the IRS. 
All of this must make some of our 
Democratic colleagues uneasy. Some of them must be cringing at this strategy. 
I am asking every Democrat who is 
serious about supporting our troops and our national security to stand with the American people in rejecting these 
partisan games. Our all-volunteer force should be focused on training in com-bat and preparing for conflict, not wor-rying about the partisan delay of im-portant policy authorizations. We all know how vital our troops are to both our country and our own local commu-nities. I have come to the floor re-cently to talk about what the men and women of our military mean to Ken-tucky. I noted how, at Fort Campbell, more 
than 30,000 Army personnel trained for important missions around the world, from repeated deployments to Afghani-stan to providing humanitarian sup-port in places such as Africa. I noted how the base enriches the surrounding region with an economic impact of $5 billion each year. I noted how Fort Knox houses many different military commands in both a truly impressive array of training grounds and training facilities. I noted how the base makes an economic impact of more than $2 billion in Hardin County and the sur-rounding community. 
So today I wish to speak a little bit 
about Blue Grass Army Depot. The depot, located in Richmond, is integral to both the Army and our national se-curity as a facilitation site for the storage, renovation, and disposal of conventional munitions. It also serves as a reminder of the many important tasks undertaken by the Department of Defense—and one more reason Ken-tuckians don’t want to see the Depart-ment distracted or disrupted by par-tisan games here in Washington, be-cause, after having personally implored the Department of Defense for several decades to meet our national commit-ment, the Department is now close to completing construction of a state-of- the-art chemical demilitarization facil-ity at the depot. That would allow for the proper disposal of dangerous chem-ical weapons that are stored there. 
This is important for our country, 
and it is critical to the health and safe-ty of my constituents in central Ken-tucky. 
But it has also become a good jobs 
story for the region too. There are more than 1,400 jobs at the Blue Grass Army Depot, and hiring will continue when operations at the new facility begin. 
Kentuckians know that passing the 
Defense bill before us would authorize a new Special Forces facility at Fort Campbell. Kentuckians know it would authorize construction projects and an important new medical clinic at Fort Knox. 
Kentuckians also know it would help 
the Department of Defense from be-coming unnecessarily distracted or dis-rupted as it continues carrying out critical tasks such as the kind we see at the Blue Grass Army Depot, dis-posing of these dangerous chemical weapons. 
I am asking every Senator to remem-
ber all the ways our troops and our military enrich our States and local communities. I am asking every Sen-ator to consider the serious times we live in, too. And I am asking every Senator to keep those things in mind when casting votes on the Defense bill. 
We may be Republicans, we may be 
Democrats, but in the end we should all be able to come together to support the people who support us. Let’s stand together in rejecting partisan games in favor of a bipartisan bill that contains good ideas from both parties and gives President Obama the exact funding 
level he asked for. This bill gives Presi-dent Obama the exact funding level he asked for. Let’s worry less about the demands of one party’s political base and more about supporting the brave men and women who live on the base. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHILD ABUSE REPORTING 
LOOPHOLE ON MILITARY BASES 
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I 
rise today to enable my colleagues to become aware of the tragic cir-cumstances that led to the untimely death of 5-year-old Talia Williams and an amendment I have submitted that seeks to close the loophole that al-lowed Talia to slip through our child abuse safety net. 
In 2005, Talia Williams moved to Ha-
waii to live with her father, Naeem Williams, and his wife, Talia’s step-mother, Delilah Williams. Mr. Williams was in the military, stationed at Schofield Barracks. Mr. Williams’ de-fense attorney argued that Mr. Wil-liams was ill-equipped to care for his daughter. That may be true, but what we know for a fact is that Talia Wil-liams suffered 7 months of near con-stant abuse at the hands of her father and stepmother. This torture ended on July 16, 2005, when Mr. Williams hit Talia so hard it left his fist imprinted on her chest and killed her. Mr. Wil-liams was convicted of murdering his daughter last year, and he was sen-tenced to life without the possibility of parole. Her stepmother, Delilah Wil-
liams, was given a reduced sentence of 20 years in prison for providing testi-mony against her husband. 
Tarshia Williams, Talia’s mother, 
sued the military in 2010 for the death of her daughter. Her case was settled earlier this year, with the Department of Defense agreeing to a $2 million set-tlement for not doing enough to save Talia Williams. 
In the course of those two pro-
ceedings, it became clear that Talia Williams could have been saved if one thing occurred—reporting the abuse to Hawaii’s Child Welfare Services branch or CPS. Through a memorandum of un-derstanding—MOU—with the State of Hawaii, the Department of Defense es-tablished a system in which Hawaii’s Child Welfare Services would be ‘‘the agency primarily responsible for in-take, investigation, and the provision of protective services as deemed nec-essary to abused children within the State of Hawaii,’’ including the chil-dren of military families both on and off base. 
Under statute and reiterated in the 
MOU, only Hawaii’s State agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.008 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4125 June 15, 2015 
have the authority—not the military— 
to take emergency custody and order foster care placement for children without the consent of a parent. But this could only happen if officials in Hawaii knew about the abuse. 
In Talia’s case, a number of people 
were aware of her maltreatment. Yet no report was received by the report point of contact, who was the person on 
base mandated to report to Hawaii’s Child Protective Services. The court in Tarshia Williams’ civil suit found that military law enforcement, the doctors who treated Talia, and at least one or two family counselors had reason to suspect that violence was occurring in the Williams home. At least one person on base directly reported to the family advocacy program her concerns for Talia’s well-being. No action was taken. Talia remained in the home while time and again law enforcement personnel and others were called to in-vestigate or received reports of abuse. Not enough was done to remove her from her home. This lack of action was and is unacceptable. No one followed up on Talia’s case to the degree we all should expect. Information about the abuse she lived through never reached the Army provost, who, under the MOU with the State of Hawaii, was the sin-gle person required to alert Child Wel-fare Services. And Talia died. 
This loophole, which puts us in a po-
sition of hoping and trusting that in-formation of abuse makes it to the re-porting point of contact, must be ad-dressed. My amendment would fix this problem by establishing a legal re-quirement that any federally mandated reporter with credible evidence or sus-picion of child abuse notify both the DOD’s Family Advocacy Program and the appropriate State’s child welfare department. This amendment would eliminate the bottleneck of having only one reporting point of contact. In-stead, mandatory reporters—which in-clude teachers, doctors, law enforce-ment, and others—must directly report such evidence or suspicion both up the chain of command and also over to the appropriate State authorities. I am hopeful that by requiring such dual re-porting, no military-connected chil-dren will remain in abusive homes be-cause information never made it to the right person. 
There were many mistakes made in 
Talia’s case. Some of those mistakes are of the type that no law might rec-tify—a reluctance of people to get in-volved in the affairs of others, the re-luctance to implicate abuse, perhaps fear of repercussions or out of respect for a member’s service and personal af-fability. However, in a case such as Talia’s, more should have been done and could have been done if only the right people were made aware of the situation. 
I hope we do not continue to ignore 
this one glaring reporting loophole, leaving in place a hole in our safety net wide enough to miss the torture and untimely death of a child like Talia. I recognize that time on the Defense 
authorization is short. I am sure the Department of Defense shares my con-cerns on this issue. I look forward to working with the Department and my colleagues to close this reporting loop-hole. 
f 
3RD ANNIVERSARY OF DACA 
PROGRAM 
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I 
would like to take a few minutes to shift gears to another issue of great importance. This issue is more hopeful. On June 15, 2012, President Obama en-acted DACA—or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals—granting deferred action to DREAMers all across the country. Three years later, almost 700,000 hard-working young people are proof that deferred action works. 
DACA has changed the lives of count-
less students who were brought to our country as undocumented children through no fault of their own. The President’s action has been truly transformative for many young people in Hawaii. Let me tell you about three such young people. 
Gabriela emigrated from Brazil with 
her family at the age of 15. Despite a 3.8 GPA in high school, she found her-self unable to go to college because she lacked required documentation. After receiving DACA, Gabriela enrolled in a community college, paying instate tui-tion, and is receiving her associate’s degree in the spring of 2015 and trans-ferring to the University of Hawaii to earn her bachelor’s degree. Receiving DACA was a life-changing moment for Gabriela because it enabled her to do everyday things that she was never able to do before, such as getting a driver’s license, opening a bank ac-count, renting her own apartment. It also enabled her to get an education, start a career, and live up to her full potential. 
Sam was born in Tonga and brought 
to Hawaii when he was only 4 years old. His parents petitioned for residency for the whole family. But as a result of a slow and ineffective immigration sys-tem, Sam was over 18 years old by the time their petition became current. As a result, 18-year-old Sam was put into deportation proceedings and came very close to being torn away from his fam-ily and deported to a country he no longer remembered. Thankfully, the President announced the DACA Pro-gram and Sam was granted a stay of deportation and allowed to remain with his family. Today, Sam works as a music director at his church and is currently saving money to return to school and seek his dream of higher education. 
Shingai is a DREAMer from 
Zimbabwe, who immigrated to the United States when he was 12. He did not find out he was undocumented until he graduated from high school and decided to apply for college. Shingai was a star football athlete and won a full football scholarship to go to college. Unfortunately, with stardom 
came immediate attention. Due to his undocumented status, he was forced to quit his dream and protect himself and his family from the public eye. Shingai knew the importance of education, so he pursued his degree a few classes at a time. This semester, he is finally set to graduate and earn a bachelor’s in polit-ical science from Hawaii Pacific Uni-versity. Receiving DACA has enabled Shingai to come out of the shadows and share his story in order to raise awareness and empower immigrant youth in Hawaii. 
These DREAMers no longer have the 
fear of deportation and family separa-tion hanging over their heads each and every day. DACA recipients are now free to live their lives, to seek an edu-cation and work as teachers, engineers, enter our armed services, become busi-ness owners. 
DACA is life-changing for these 
young people, but it also has helped all Americans. 
Forty-nine percent of DREAMers 
who were granted DACA were able to open their first bank account, 33 per-cent were able to obtain a credit card, 60 percent have been able to gain new jobs, contributing to our tax base and our economy. Experts estimate that all deferred action recipients will add $230 billion to our gross domestic product in the next decade. Quite simply, DACA works. 
The American public stands with our 
DREAMers and immigrant families and smart policies like DACA. Over 70 per-cent of Americans reject the mass de-portation approach favored by some and instead support the President’s Ex-ecutive action. However, DACA is only a temporary solution to address one part of our broken immigration sys-tem. It is not a substitute for com-prehensive immigration reform. 
It has been roughly 2 years since the 
Senate passed an immigration reform bill with strong bipartisan support. After House Republicans refused to act on comprehensive immigration reform, President Obama built on the success of DACA to use his well-established Ex-ecutive authority to expand the DACA Program and create a new program for the parents of children born as U.S. citizens. I strongly support the Presi-dent’s action. 
Both of these programs could be up 
and running, helping families and indi-viduals, millions of them, but for a lawsuit filed by some Republican Gov-ernors opposed to immigration reform. We must continue fighting to provide relief for millions of parents who should be signing up for DAPA right now, paying their fees and applying for work permits, additional young people who qualify for DACA as well as mil-lions of other hard-working families facing deportation every single day in our country. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.011 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4126 June 15, 2015 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, this is 
week 14 of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I have been coming to the floor for 14 weeks while the Senate has been in session this year to talk about yet another waste which, if we can correct, can save the taxpayers a lot of money. In this case, we are talking about several billion dollars that have been deter-mined by the inspector general of the Social Security Administration to have been spent improperly, accidently—by whatever reason— money that belongs to the taxpayers and falls under the category of waste. 
It is waste, and I give this inspector 
general and his staff great credit for doing something very creative and in-teresting. Actually, this is their job, delving into how an agency handles its business and, more importantly, how it handles the taxpayers’ money. Whether you are looking at big business or big government, you find examples of cost cutting that can save the company and, in this case, save the taxpayer, a very significant amount of money. 
The inspector general decided to take 
a random sample of over 1,500 bene-ficiaries of the Social Security dis-ability fund, and 44.5 percent of them received an overpayment at some point during the 10-year period that he stud-ied. And based on this sample, the So-cial Security inspector general esti-mated that overpayments totaled about $16.8 billion over a period of time from October 2003 to February 2014, covering nearly 4 million beneficiaries. Now, that is a lot of people, but in this digital age, there are ways in which we can ensure that correct payments are made to the right people and that we don’t end up overspending money that comes from hard-earned taxpayer dol-lars. 
Now, there is some good news to this 
story because the Social Security Ad-ministration, following up on this study, determined to go through its records and try to recover some of this money that had been overpaid. They were successful in recovering nearly half of the $16.8 billion. They recovered $8.1 billion of overpayments during this period of time, and I commend them for their effort in doing that. But while we celebrate the good news, we also need to dig in and determine how we make sure this doesn’t continue. 
There is another $8.7 billion out there 
that needs to be recovered and, of course, the goal is to not only recover that money, if possible, but also to keep this from continuing in out-years. So let us put the steps in place that will give us the ability to stop this from happening going forward. Now, let me go back and give a little 
background, the history of how this all came about and how this happened. Of those who improperly received bene-fits, the circumstances break down like this: Nearly 40 percent—actually 37.9 percent—of the overpayments hap-pened when individuals started work-ing and made enough money by law to support themselves and, therefore, no longer qualified for Social Security dis-ability benefits. Another 23 percent had their medical condition improved to the point where they could go back to work. 
Now, interestingly enough, I believe 
it was my very first ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ that I pointed out that a very significant number of individuals were receiving payments both from Social Security disability and unemployment insurance. To receive unemployment insurance, you have to prove you can-not work or you have been thrown out of work and can’t get back. To receive Social Security disability payments, you have to prove you no longer are able to work and get back. Yet these people were receiving payments from both of those sources. 
That was the very first ‘‘Waste of the 
week,’’ and we put up a chart indi-cating that we are hoping to reach our goal of $100 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse, to show the example of money being sent to Washington. Some say: We can’t cut a penny from any pro-gram. Well, every business that has gone through this great recession—now going on for the sixth year or so—has had to make sacrifices and they have had to cut costs. Families have had to cut costs. Businesses have had to cut costs. Only the Federal Government says we can’t cut a penny; every pro-gram we have is valuable and has to be saved and, in fact, needs more money to be efficient. 
So let’s start with those issues that 
have been determined, through inspec-tions by independent agencies, and proven to have fraud and waste and see if we can add this up. As you can see, this gauge is growing every week. 
Returning to the breakdown of those 
who improperly received benefits: An-other 8.6 percent had multiple reasons they were no longer eligible for the benefit, 7.5 percent were imprisoned and had fugitive status, which means they were no longer qualified for the disability benefits, but 7.2 percent of those people continued to receive checks after they had died. So you not only have people in prison and there-fore no longer eligible, but 7.2 percent of the people receiving benefits re-ceived those after they died, and that totaled up to a very significant amount of money. 
Again, we certainly have the tech-
nology and the capability to run the death records through the system to make sure checks are not continuing to be sent out to the last home address or whatever to deceased individuals and then taken in and cashed perhaps by family or who knows who. There were 3.4 percent who weren’t 
entitled to benefits in the first place. It should be pretty easy to scratch those names and save some money. There were 1.8 percent who had their pay-ment improperly computed—in other words, overpayment, a mistake made by the Social Security Administra-tion—1.8 percent had financial re-sources exceeding the limit which they were supposed to get, 1.7 percent had a change in their living arrangements— they moved abroad and no longer were eligible—and 5 percent fell under an-other category of reasons. 
The bottom line is an inspection was 
made, a study was conducted to see how this came about, and we now have the information that money was re-turned through legal process, but there is still $8.7 billion out there we didn’t get back. So we want to make sure measures are now put in place so this doesn’t continue. We certainly don’t want some Senator on the floor 5 years or 10 years from now saying: Let me tell you about the latest study of the Social Security inspector general, and when the former Senator from Indiana came to the floor he announced there was $8.7 billion still out there and that we ought to make changes in the sys-tem so it wouldn’t happen again. But guess what. It didn’t get done, and now here I am back at it. 
So let’s do this now. Let’s make 
these changes now so the American people understand we are here not to extort them from the kind of overpay-ment that is taking place and using their taxpayer dollars to achieve that goal. We can fix this problem, but it is going to take some work. 
We need better cross-referencing for 
beneficiaries with other government lists or private lists to help identify earned wages or other assets. We need information sharing that can save bil-lions and make a significant financial debt into these unfortunate overpay-ments. 
Assuming the trend of the IG report 
continues, this change can be made, and the missing $8.7 billion in overpay-ments can be recovered by the Social Security Administration in future pay-ments. We haven’t calculated what po-tentially we could save in out-years be-cause, hopefully, we will be able to put measures in place, now that we have this information, that will stop these overpayments from being made. But we do know there is $8.7 billion out there of money that can be recovered. 
So we are adding today a big chunk 
of money, bringing us up nearly to three-quarters of our goal of reaching $100 billion in savings from waste, fraud, and abuse. We are only into week 14, and we have several more weeks and months ahead of us. I am hoping we are going to have to put an extension onto this chart. We will see how high it goes. Because our goal is to save the taxpayer dollars that the Fed-eral Government has been proven to waste through waste, fraud, and abuse. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.012 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4127 June 15, 2015 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF MATTHEW T. 
MCGUIRE TO BE UNITED STATES 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RE-CONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOP-MENT 
NOMINATION OF GENTRY O. 
SMITH, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUN-SELOR, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF FOREIGN MISSIONS, AND TO HAVE THE RANK OF AM-BASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations en bloc, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development for a term of two years; and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, shortly 
our colleagues will have an oppor-tunity to vote on two nominations that are being recommended by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I see that Senator C
ORKER is on the floor, 
and I thank him for his help in bring-ing these two confirmations to the floor of the Senate. Both of these indi-viduals are well qualified, and I urge our colleagues to support both nomina-tions. One is the nomination of Matthew 
McGuire to be United States Director of the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development. The other is the nomination of Gentry Smith to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions. 
Mr. McGuire is the Assistant to the 
Secretary and Director of the Office of Business Liaison at the Department of Commerce, where he leads engagement with the business community, works to strengthen the international economic position of the United States, and ad-vocates for U.S. trade and investment. Prior to joining the U.S. Government, Mr. McGuire worked as a senior execu-tive in the financial services industry for more than 8 years, but he also has been active with nonprofit and civic or-ganizations throughout his career, working on a range of public policy issues across the country and around the world. 
In a world where global health, envi-
ronmental resources, and security challenges far outstrip any one coun-try’s ability to respond, it is in our clear interest to have strong U.S. lead-ership in the World Bank—the fore-most international organization pro-moting economic development, poverty alleviation, and good governance around the world. 
Prominent Members of the House of 
Representatives emphasized this crit-ical role of the World Bank in their May 15 letter supporting Mr. McGuire’s nomination. Representatives M
EEKS , 
CLAY, M URPHY , SEWELL , M ENG, RAN-
GEL, and others stated that Mr. 
McGuire’s senior executive experience in the financial services industry and leadership roles with nonprofit and civic organizations working on public policy issues around the world ‘‘make him distinctly qualified for this posi-tion.’’ Mr. McGuire’s highly relevant experience in his current position at the Department of Commerce, added to his extensive background working in both for-profit and nonprofit sectors, make him an excellent choice to rep-resent the United States at this insti-tution that is so crucial for global sta-bility. I am confident he will serve with distinction. 
Gentry O. Smith is currently a Sen-
ior Advisor at the Bureau of Diplo-matic Security. The Office of Foreign Missions assists and regulates services for foreign missions in the United States, negotiates with foreign diplo-matic representatives to improve oper-ating conditions for U.S. diplomatic missions and personnel abroad, ensures that U.S. diplomatic missions abroad receive equivalent treatment with re-spect to benefits, privileges, and immu-nities accorded by the host countries, and, as necessary, adjusts the benefits accorded to foreign missions in the United States on the basis of the prin-ciple of reciprocity. 
Mr. Smith has an exemplary record 
of serving his country for well over a quarter of a century, starting with his service as a Raleigh police officer. Mr. Smith’s thorough and highly relevant 
experience as a Regional Security Offi-cer for American Embassies in Egypt, Japan, and Burma, and his employ-ment with the Bureau of Diplomatic Security as Director of Physical Secu-rity Programs, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for Countermeasures, and Sen-ior Advisor gives him the expertise and fortitude to head the agency respon-sible for both improving the operating 
conditions for U.S. diplomatic missions and for adjusting the benefits accorded to foreign missions if our missions abroad face mistreatment. 
Mr. Smith is a proven leader with ex-
tensive management experience and skills, and I am confident he will be an excellent Director of the Office of For-eign Missions. 
Let me also point out that I know 
our committee has been very, very busy. We have been able to successfully steer towards enactment the bill for congressional review of the Iranian nu-clear agreement. We recently were able to report out in a 19-to-0 vote State De-partment authorization. I must say that not a day goes by that our com-mittee is not doing some work on be-half of the Senate and the American people. 
But I need to point out that we need 
to pay more attention to getting the President’s nominees to the floor with recommendations from our committee. If we complete these two nominations tonight—and I assume that we will—I believe that will make four nominees on which we have completed our work in confirmation that the President has sent to us. There are nine other rec-ommendations, five of which are career officers, that have been reported out of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee and have yet to be brought to the floor. Five of those nine are career people, and yet we have had no action on the floor of the Senate. Of more con-cern, there are 35 nominees currently pending before the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee. Of these 35, only 4 have had hearings, and 22 of the 35 are career diplomats. 
I understand we have had an ex-
tremely busy schedule within the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee. Sen-ator C
ORKER and I have talked about 
this, and I know we will use our best efforts to get these nominations mov-ing forward. I just really wanted to re-port that because I think we need to work—not only our committee but the leadership of the Senate—to make sure the President’s nominees are timely considered and are timely brought for-ward to the full Senate. I know Sen-ator C
ORKER has been a true advocate 
of that process and certainly worked very well in the last Congress to make sure our committee acted in a timely way. I look forward to working with Senator C
ORKER in this Congress to ad-
vance those nominees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of these two nominations. I ap-preciate the distinguished ranking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.014 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4128 June 15, 2015 
member, Senator C ARDIN , for reading 
out their bios. They are Foreign Serv-ice officers and have been in govern-ment service for some time. I applaud their desire to serve at this level and certainly plan to support them here at our 5:30 vote and hope other Members of the Senate will. 
As to the point regarding nomina-
tions, I think our committee last year couldn’t have acted in a more speedy fashion in getting nominees out. I know we are starting a new Congress, and there is a little backlog that takes place. But I can assure the Senator and others on the committee and others in this body that I have no desire to hold up especially Foreign Service officers who have committed their lives to the Foreign Service and have handled themselves in such a professional man-ner nor, actually, other nominees. So I do look forward to working with Sen-ator C
ARDIN to clear some folks 
through. I know we have had conversa-tions today regarding moving them across the Senate floor. I know every time there is a recess, typically a large swath of people are actually moved out right before recess. Hopefully, that will be the case as it relates to some of the Foreign Service nominations that are here. 
But I appreciate the Senator raising 
it. I appreciate the way he works with me, and I look forward to things pick-ing up speed now that the backlog of the first-of-the-year beginning and some of the many activities that have been under way have been completed. So I thank the Senator. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, again, 
let me thank Senator C
ORKER . It has 
been a real pleasure to work with him on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. He has put the interest of the Senate and our Nation as the principle guiding force and the appropriate role for the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. 
In that regard, there is an amend-
ment pending that we will be voting on tomorrow on the National Defense Au-thorization Act. It comes under the ju-risdiction of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee. Let me comment on that, if I might. That is an amendment offered by Senator E
RNST , and her 
amendment would provide temporary authority to provide arms directly to the Kurds, the Kurdish regional gov-ernment’s security forces, outside the process established with coordinating all U.S. weapons deliveries and train-ing with the Government of Iraq and Baghdad. Not only is it the U.S. policy to ensure that all armed transfers are coordinated and approved by the Gov-ernment of Iraq, it is also the law of our country. 
I very much oppose this amendment, 
and I just want my colleagues to un-derstand why I hope they will reject this amendment. I know it is well in-tended, but it would undermine the au-thority of the central government. What we are looking for, how we are 
going to ultimately be able to bring stability to Iraq, we need to have a central government that represents all the communities of Iraq, that rep-resents the Shias, represents the Sunnis, represents the Kurds. If the central government cannot be the co-ordinating entity, then we are going to have a void in that country which only fuels the ability of organizations such as ISIS to be able to get recruits and resources for their terrorist activities. 
We are sending military advisers, 
funding, and arms to the Iraqis and leading a global coalition and working every day with the Iraqi leaders and communities at all levels because we have an interest in a stable, unified, and Federal Iraq. To achieve this goal, we must have the confidence of all of the Iraqi leaders, and that is why it is important for us to coordinate our strategy through a central govern-ment. 
I want to make one other point abso-
lutely clear. There is absolutely no evi-dence that the Baghdad government is delaying or denying arms to the Kurds. To date, the United States and the anti-ISIL coalition has provided over 47 million rounds of ammunition, thou-sands of artillery pieces and rifles, 1,000 AT4 shoulder-fired, anti-armor sys-tems, hundreds of vehicles, including Mine Resistant Ambush Protected ve-hicles, known as the MRAPs, and Euro-pean missiles to counter vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices. They have been receiving arms. 
We have received letters, both the 
Senate Armed Services Committee and the Foreign Relations Committee, from Secretary of State Kerry and Sec-retary of Defense Carter in opposition to the Ernst amendment. 
If I might quote from Secretary 
Kerry, where he said: 
Any language that calls for preferred 
treatment for one region of Iraq strengthens voices that have been working against the pragmatic reconciliation policies advocated by Prime Minister Abadi. . . . It also rein-forces Iran’s narrative that the United States seeks Iraq’s partition and that Iran is Iraq’s only true and reliable partner. The re-sult, therefore, is the precise opposite of what may have been intended: the language strengthens ISIL and other extremists, weakens Iraqi voices committed to working with the Coalition to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL, increased Iran’s prominence, and erodes state authority at a time when such authority is vitally needed to isolate and defeat extremist actors. 
What Secretary Kerry is saying is—it 
should be pretty obvious—that in order to diminish Iran’s influence in Iraq, you need a central government that has the confidence of the Sunni popu-lation and the Kurdish population. If, on the other hand, we are talking about trying to divide the country, that we are going to deal differently with the Kurdish defense and not through the central defense, then it feeds into the point that the United States is not serious about developing a unified Iraqi authority. We must have that if we are going to be able to 
succeed in Iraq. 
What Secretary Carter said, Sec-
retary of Defense: 
Directly arming the Kurds or other groups 
within Iraq is inconsistent with the long-standing U.S. foreign policy of working to maintain a stable, unified, Iraq. . . . Legisla-tive language of this type risks undermining the Government of Iraq and undercutting on-going coalition military operations that are conducting in coordination with the Govern-ment of Iraq to degrade, destroy, and ulti-mately defeat ISIL. 
Once again, we have our two top indi-
viduals both telling us this would be counterproductive. I know my col-league is well intentioned with her amendment, but the fact is that the only way we are going to succeed in Iraq is if we can have a Government of Iraq that has the confidence of all the communities and an Iraqi Government that believes the United States is not picking sides among the ethnic com-munities in Iraq and that Iraq does not have to rely on Iran for its security needs. 
That means this amendment could be 
counterproductive to those very goals, our very goals in Iraq. When this amendment comes up for vote tomor-row, I urge my colleagues to vote against it. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
will be supporting the nominee who is going to be shortly voted on. 
3RD ANNIVERSARY OF DACA PROGRAM  
Mr. President, I take this oppor-
tunity to rise on the third anniversary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program for all of the young men and women it has helped—young men and women who came to this country as young children through no choice of their own. Their parents made that decision for them. The only country they have ever known is that of the United States. The only flag they pledge allegiance to is the Amer-ican flag. The only national anthem they know is ‘‘The Star-Spangled Ban-ner.’’ And because of the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, they have had temporary deportation relief and work authorizations so they could achieve their full potential as young Americans. 
I celebrate what we call this pro-
gram, DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, with great pride because I pushed very hard to make it a reality. I spoke to the President many times about granting long overdue administrative relief to DREAMers, who are Americans in every way except for a piece of paper. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.016 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4129 June 15, 2015 
And 3 years ago with the tireless advo-
cacy of DREAMers, the immigrant community, community leaders in cit-ies and towns across America, and with the help of countless Members of Con-gress, the President took action and changed the lives of millions of young men and women living in this country, allowing them to fully contribute to the country they call home. 
Today, the dream is still very much 
alive. This Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals Program has harnessed the talent of hundreds of thousands of young Americans in immeasurable ways since its successful inception, and it is a success because of the bold Exec-utive actions taken in June of 2012. 
In an immigration system that is as 
flawed as ours, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program has been a beacon of hope, one step toward a more fair and just reality for immigrants in our great country. The numbers tell the story. 
The action gave 700,000 young immi-
grants a chance at a better life. It has strengthened our economy and has gen-erated roughly $422 million in applica-tion fees over the last 3 years. It has allowed young Americans to open bank accounts, get a driver’s license, get a new job, prepare for the future with a growing sense of stability, economic security, and financial solvency. 
This program has been a model of 
success, shaped by the courageous indi-viduals who have decided to come for-ward, register with the government, pass a criminal background check, work hard, and take advantage of the opportunities the deferred action pro-gram provides. 
In my home State of New Jersey 
alone, more than 25,000 young people have been granted the peace of mind that comes with temporary protection from deportation and the ability to work. We are talking about young peo-ple who attend our schools, serve our communities, people who dream just like all children dream of becoming doctors or teachers, artists, and entre-preneurs with a full stake in America. 
We are talking about people like 
Deyanira Aldana, who graduated from Essex County College just this past May. She came to the United States when she was 4 years old. She now works and lives in New Jersey with her mom and dad and older brother and sis-ter who are also DACA recipients. She plans on becoming a substitute teacher and is grateful to the doors the de-ferred action program has opened to her. 
Deyanira, like other new Americans 
and future Americans, is part of the rich fabric that forms New Jersey’s and America’s histories and destiny. Her family represents who we are as a na-tion. They embody the spirit of Amer-ican life, which has always been shaped by the hopes, dreams, and courage of those who have made it to this country and called it their home. 
It is appropriate that these deferred 
action beneficiaries—the children of immigrants we refer to as DREAMers— 
have the chance to fully contribute their talents and live the American dream because of the deferred action program. In the absence of comprehen-sive immigration reform, DACA allows them to live with dignity and fulfill their full potential. Because of the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, hundreds of thousands of DREAMers no longer have the fear of deportation and family separation hanging over their heads and now are our newest college students, teachers, and small business owners. If we look closely at who those individuals are, we see that this program is about fami-lies like Deyanira’s. By removing the fear of deportation, of being unneces-sarily torn from your loved ones at a moment’s notice, more families can now live in peace, with dignity, and with real hopes of building a stronger future together. 
Three years later, we see how our Na-
tion’s dreams and aspirations are more attainable when DREAMers can achieve their full potential. The De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program is living proof that all of America benefits when an undocu-mented individual steps out of the shadows and is able to fully contribute to the economy through their inge-nuity, skills, and hard work. 
We need to build upon programs like 
DACA, not turn our backs on extending opportunities to those who are willing to work hard for them. It is long past time for us to replace the lingering anxiety and fear in immigrant commu-nities with smart policies that make good on America’s promise to provide opportunity and freedom for all. 
For many, the dream began with the 
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program. For others, that dream is still delayed. I look forward to the day the President’s more recent Executive actions announcing the Deferred Ac-tion for Parental Accountability Pro-gram and expanded DACA are imple-mented. 
Despite the obstructionism of some, I 
am confident justice will ultimately prevail, and the President’s actions will be upheld by our courts. I will con-tinue to fight not just for the DACA re-cipients but for their parents, other DREAMers, and for every immigrant family. I will continue to fight for comprehensive immigration reform that will fix our Nation’s broken immi-gration system once and for all, not just because it makes good economic sense but because it is the right thing to do. 
I am not alone. Seventy-two percent 
of Americans believe undocumented immigrants who currently live in the United States should have a path to-ward permanent residency and ulti-mately to legal citizenship. Americans continue to overwhelmingly support fixing our broken system, and the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program’s success should further en-courage Congress to move forward, for-tified by the conviction that com-
prehensive immigration reform is a fight worth fighting for. 
Let me close by saying, in the mean-
time, I join my colleagues in com-memorating DACA’s anniversary as a day that marks 3 years of smart and successful policy, as a step in the right direction, and as a foundation upon which we can continue to build. It is an opportunity for the American dream to be realized by some of the youngest and best and brightest whom we have in the Nation. Many of these young men and women—I have met them—are valedictorians, salutatorians, and we need to use their intellect, energy, and creative talents to build a better Amer-ica. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON MCGUIRE NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is, Will the Senate advise and con-sent to the nomination of Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development for a term of two years? 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the 
Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C OCH-
RAN), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
CRAPO ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CRUZ), the Senator from South Caro-
lina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ), the Senator 
from Utah (Mr. L EE), the Senator from 
Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Senator 
from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ), the Sen-
ator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the Sen-
ator from Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ), the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), 
and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 62, 
nays 24, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 208 Ex.] 
YEAS—62 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal 
Booker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.018 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4130 June 15, 2015 
Brown 
Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand 
Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—24 
Barrasso 
Blunt Boozman Capito Daines Enzi Fischer Heller Hoeven 
Isakson Lankford McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts 
Rounds Sasse Scott Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—14 
Boxer Burr Cochran Crapo Cruz Graham 
Inhofe Lee McCain Murkowski Rubio 
Sessions Shelby Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON SMITH NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Di-rector of the Office of Foreign Mis-sions, and to have the rank of Ambas-sador during his tenure of service? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
f 
800TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
MAGNA CARTA 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Eight hundred years 
ago on this very day, at the field of Runnymede alongside the River Thames in England, King John granted the document that came to be known as the Magna Carta—in our language, the Great Charter. This was the result of negotiations between King John and rebellious barons who objected to what they saw as violations of their cus-tomary privileges. By affixing his Great Seal to the document 800 years ago today, the King accepted limits on his power to impose his will on his sub-jects. 
It was a momentous occasion, as evi-
denced by the fact that four original copies of the Magna Carta remain care-
fully preserved, but its significance has grown over time. It is true that the original Magna Carta was only in effect for a couple months before King John then at that time got the Pope to annul it. Subsequent Kings voluntarily reissued the charter as a way of gain-ing the support of the barons, and por-tions still retain legal force in England today. 
While many of the specific provisions 
in the Magna Carta dealt with very me-dieval concerns, such as how heirs and widows of deceased barons should be treated, a couple clauses resonate very strongly to this very day. 
No free man shall be seized or imprisoned 
or stripped of his rights or possessions, or outlawed or exiled, or deprived of his stand-ing in any other way, nor will we proceed with force against him, or send others to do so, except by the lawful judgment of his equals or by the law of the land. 
To no one will we sell, to no one deny or 
delay justice or rightful justice. 
In these clauses, you can see the spe-
cific right of habeas corpus that was included in the U.S. Constitution as well as a right to speedy trial by jury in the Sixth Amendment. You can also see a reference to property rights. Moreover, what comes through is the overarching theme of the Magna Carta—something very basic to U.S. governance—the rule of law or what John Adams called ‘‘a government of laws, and not of men.’’ 
In the 17th century, the Magna Carta 
was increasingly cited to criticize the King’s exercise of arbitrary power in the tug-of-war for supremacy between the English Crown and the Parliament. It became a potent symbol of an invio-lable liberties of Englishmen. 
For instance, when William Penn was 
put on trial in England for practicing his Quaker faith, he used the Magna Carta in his defense. He later wrote a commentary on the Magna Carta for a work printed in Philadelphia called ‘‘The Excellent Privilege of Liberty and Property Being the Birth-Right of the Free-born Subjects of England,’’ which contained the first edition of the Magna Carta printed in the New World. In this work, William Penn explained the significance of the English tradi-tion where the ruler is bound by the law, in contrast to countries such as France, where the King was actually the law. 
He wrote, again quoting William 
Penn: 
In England the Law is both the measure 
and the bound of every Subject’s duty and al-legiance, each man having a Fixed Funda-mental right born with him, as to freedom of his person and property in his estate, which he cannot be deprived of, but either by his consent, or some crime, for which the law has imposed such a penalty for forfeiture. 
It is in this environment that the 
English philosopher John Locke devel-oped his theory of natural rights, which was so influential in the drafting of the Declaration of Independence. The natural rights philosophy went a step further than the ancient rights of Englishmen, positing that the rights 
are God-given and self-evident and that the very purpose of government is to secure those rights. 
However, you can clearly trace the 
lineage of the notion of limited govern-ment and consent of the governed to the Magna Carta. In fact, the original version of the Magna Carta contained a clause limiting the ability of the King to levy certain taxes on the barons without first consulting them. I think 
you can clearly see that this is an early version of what we say: No tax-ation without representation. 
While that provision did not last, the 
custom of needing consent for taxation eventually led to the evolution of the parliamentary system and representa-tive government. Still, it is important to note that representative govern-ment grew out of even more funda-mental principles, such as the rule of law, limited government, and the no-tion that citizens retain rights that the government may not in any way vio-late. 
Our Founding Fathers thought that 
representative government was the best way to guard against tyranny and preserve the rights of citizens. But that is not sufficient, because without a strong tradition of respect for the rule of law, even duly-elected governments can descend into tyranny. Now, re-member the history of Germany pre- World War II. Hitler came to power as a result of a democratic process and then proceeded to act in the very defi-nition of tyranny. 
In more recent times, Vladimir Putin 
was elected President of Russia and then stifled opposition and consoli-dated power to himself, essentially put-ting himself above the law. When Sergei Magnitsky stood up for the rule of law in Russia and exposed corrup-tion at the highest levels in that coun-try, he was imprisoned in appalling conditions, where he died a slow, ago-nizing death. 
By contrast, the 800-year old Anglo- 
American tradition of the rule of law acts as a crucial safeguard to our lib-erty—not only that, but it is also an essential foundation for prosperity. An organization called World Justice Project has ranked countries based on various factors that indicate how a strong the rule of law is in that par-ticular country. The countries at the top tend to not only be ones we recog-nize as very free but also tend to be much more prosperous than countries ranked at the bottom of the rule of law index. 
Now, maybe to us in America that 
makes common sense. I think it is common sense. You are less likely, then, to work hard to generate wealth or invest in a business if you cannot be sure that the law will protect what you worked for. Still, we should not take this 800-year-old document and tradi-tion for granted. It will continue to preserve our liberty and provide for our prosperity only so long as it retains the reverence it has built up over the generations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.035 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4131 June 15, 2015 
Human nature being what it is, there 
is still always a temptation for those in power to think they are above the law. For instance, in the famous Frost interviews after he resigned the Presi-dency over the Watergate scandal, Richard Nixon was asked about the legal limits of what a President can do. Nixon answered: ‘‘If the President does it, that means it’s not illegal.’’ 
He could not have been more wrong 
from the standpoint of the U.S. Con-stitution and the fundamental prin-ciples on which it is founded, going all the way back to the Magna Carta. Still the danger does not just come from megalomaniacs and others who seek to use power for their own purposes. Those entrusted with power who would act outside the law, even when they think it is good for their people as they see it, end up eroding the bulwark of liberty that is the rule of law. Ever since the Progressive Era, there has been a powerful school of thought that our system of divided and limited gov-ernment is somehow inefficient, that we should have evolved beyond the need for limits on governmental power, and that power concentrated in the right hands can be used to help people. 
This is a temptation for every Presi-
dent and one I fear the current Presi-dent is particularly susceptible to. In fact, modern Presidents have tools at their disposal that go far beyond any-thing envisioned by the Framers of the Constitution. The Constitution says that the role of the President is not to write laws, but to ‘‘take care that the laws be faithfully executed.’’ 
We now have a massive administra-
tive state made up of departments and agencies to which Congress has dele-gated enormous power and that make regulations with the force of law. Moreover, these agencies have the power to enforce their own regulations and the primary role in interpreting their regulation in individual cases. Thus, they exercise legislative, execu-tive, and judicial power all in the one. 
But this concentration of power in 
executive branch agencies creates a strong temptation for Presidents to use it to implement their agenda irrespec-tive of Congress or the law of the land. I have been very critical of President Obama for a number of actions that I think exceed his legal authority, from using the Clean Water Act to try to regulate land use decisions in virtually every county in our country to forcing States to adopt his preferred education policies in order to get funding and waivers to granting a massive amnesty from our immigration laws, which even he previously admitted he did not have the legal authority to do. 
I think these are bad policies. But 
even those who see these as short-term policy victories should be very wary of the long-term consequences of any-thing that erodes our tradition of re-spect for the rule of law. 
Now, as I finish, it took 800 years to 
build up, and once it is eroded it will not be easy to restore. It is vital that Presidents exercise restraint out of re-
spect for the rule of law. 
Congress should also work to reclaim 
much of the power it has delegated to the executive branch in order to reduce the temptation and the opportunity for abuse of executive power. It is not just up to elected officials. Our ancient tra-dition of the rule of law draws its au-thority from the fact that generations have demanded that their leaders ad-here to the rule of law. As such, this 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta is an occasion for Americans to remem-ber our heritage and to rededicate our-selves to this bedrock of liberty, the rule of law. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
f 
SUMMER FOOD SERVICE PROGRAM 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, for most 
children around the country the school year has ended and the summer has begun. Some 700,000 children in Ohio, my home State, during the school year receive free or reduced-price school lunches on an average day—some 700,000 children. Those children might not have access to a nutritious meal when school cafeterias close for the summer. 
Summer break should not mean a 
break from good nutrition. That is where the Summer Food Service Pro-gram steps in. The U.S. Department of Agriculture works with State depart-ments of education to ensure that every child has sufficient, adequate, nutritious food to keep growing and learning after the final school bell rings. This year in Ohio there will be 1,500 Summer Food Service Program sites across the State. 
Last year these sites served almost 4 
million meals. Last week, I spoke with Winnie Brewer, who runs these sites in Marion County, OH, in a city about the size of Mansfield, near where I grew up. 
According to Winnie, more than one 
in four kids in her county is food inse-cure. She talked about one of their newest volunteers, who came to her in tears after watching a 6-year-old boy clean the shelves in an SFSP site—a feeding site—and then start digging through the trash. He was just that hungry. That is why the work Winnie does and her volunteers do is so impor-tant. 
Right now, too many families don’t 
know about this critical program. Too many families miss out on receiving its assistance once school lets out. Winnie reports that just 1 in 10 children who receive breakfast or lunch during the school year comes to summer feeding sites. That means that in my State al-most 700,000 children on any given school day will be getting a free or re-duced-price breakfast or lunch—700,000. But during the summer months, only about 70,000 of those children get these meals or snacks. We need to do all we can to raise public awareness of these programs so that families know that the end of the school year does not 
mean an end to food services for their children. 
In Marion, the city I mentioned 
where Winnie runs her program, she anticipates she will triple the number of meals she serves this year compared to 5 years ago. That is because she and other community partners have com-mitted to making this program a suc-cess. At approved schools, in churches, in summer camps, in synagogues, and in community centers, pools, and recreation centers, volunteers and or-ganizers are ensuring that children have the healthy food they need to suc-ceed. 
Those sites often offer more than just 
healthy meals. They provide summer enrichment activities for kids. We know that low-income children whose parents typically have less education, in the months from school closing in late May or early June until school re-turns in late August or early Sep-tember, tend to fall back on their edu-cation. In districts such as that where the parents have less education, less ability or know-how to read to the children, to take them on field trips that might make their minds more ac-tive, we know those children start every fall having to catch up just to get back to where they were in the spring. 
That is one of the beauties of the 
summer feeding program. So you are not just giving these children nutri-tious meals, but you are also giving these children library activities and sports activities and other kinds of or-ganized activities at churches, at com-munity centers, at schools, and at li-braries that can matter. The sites in Marion County partner with the YMCA to offer exercise. They run a literacy program that provides free books to kids at feeding sites. Getting a new book can turn a child on and get that child more excited about reading. 
Earlier this month, I was in Youngs-
town—a city in northeast Ohio—to get the word out about the summer food and feeding program. I met with Mark Samuel, who operates a site at the West Side Community Center and a couple dozen other sites in Mahoning Valley. I also met with Retha Austin, who has children and grandchildren in the program, and now she is working a few hours a week as a paid worker to help get this program up and running. 
Families need to know about these 
sites and the dedicated folks like Mark, Winnie, and Retha who run them. Summer break shouldn’t mean a break from good nutrition. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
f 
MILITARY JUSTICE IMPROVEMENT 
ACT 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
tomorrow we will vote on a very impor-tant amendment to the National De-fense Authorization Act, the Military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.021 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4132 June 15, 2015 
Justice Improvement Act, introduced 
by my colleague and friend, the junior Senator from the State of New York. I have worked with her and have been privileged to help craft this very im-portant legislative measure, not be-cause sexual assault is a uniquely mili-tary problem—in fact, just the con-trary. Sexual assault afflicts our cam-puses and our workplaces. The battle against sexual assault is hardly limited to the military. But we have the oppor-tunity to take a step that will set a model and send a message to other places where sexual assault is a prob-lem and where underreporting, because of lack of trust and confidence in the prosecutorial system or the adminis-trative apparatus, is a major reason that sexual assault continues. Without confidence, trust, effective results, and protection of privacy and physical safe-ty, survivors will simply not come for-ward. If they do not come forward, there will be no discipline or prosecu-tion. That is the fundamental reason why I believe the amendment we will address tomorrow is so important. 
I have held roundtables on campus 
sexual assault all around the State of Connecticut—more than 12 or 13 of them—and have worked with a bipar-tisan group of Senators, including not 
only Senator G
ILLIBRAND , who is the 
major sponsor of this amendment, but also Senator M
CCASKILL , who has been 
an extraordinary leader in this area having been a prosecutor herself, and Senator H
ELLER as well as others on 
both sides of the aisle, to devise a solu-tion to campus sexual assault—not just a single panacea but a set of measures that addresses one of the major obsta-cles to effective action against campus sexual assault, which is the under-reporting of this heinous, horrific crime. It is a crime wherever it occurs, whether in the military or on campus. That is why we have to combat and conquer it, just as we do an enemy who preys on our men or women in uniform or on campuses or elsewhere. 
We went through this debate last 
year. We reached a solution last year, which we hoped would, in fact, be a so-lution. But the simple, plain fact is that this insidious, pernicious epidemic of sexual assault in the military con-tinues unabated or at least unreduced by the amount that we should regard as minimum for judging this supposed solution a success. 
The fact is that the Department of 
Defense’s own research shows that 52 unwanted sexual contacts occur every day on average across the military. That is the same rate it was 5 years ago in 2010. The fact is that in fiscal year 2014, the Department of Defense estimates 62 percent of servicewomen experienced retaliation for coming for-ward, the same percentage as 2012. Servicemembers who report assault are 12 times more likely to experience re-taliation for reporting their cases than seeing the assailant convicted of a crime. Retaliation is more likely than effective discipline or punishment against the perpetrator. The amendment we have offered, the 
Military Justice Improvement Act, seeks to address this issue through ex-plicit codification of punishment for any person—any person—deciding to retaliate against anyone who reports this crime of sexual assault. Explicit punishment for retaliation will not only send a message, but it will deter what is in civilian terms one of the most severe crimes, known as obstruc-tion of justice. 
The reason why retaliation or ob-
struction of justice is so insidious is it prevents the justice system from reaching a just result. It not only de-ters victims and survivors from coming forward regardless of the crime, it also permits perpetrators and criminals to go free and feel they can again commit the crime of sexual assault or other crimes. But in the case of sexual as-sault, it is particularly pernicious be-cause we know also from statistics that this crime is recommitted. There is recidivism at a higher rate than many others. A large proportion of sex-ual assaults is committed by a very tiny fraction of members of the mili-tary. 
What happens, in effect, on campuses 
or in the military is there are serial rapists, serial perpetrators of sexual assault. If they feel they can do it without consequences, they will con-tinue to commit this crime. 
We have learned from many survivors 
that the anxiety to come forward stems not only from the fear of retalia-tion but from the bias and inherent conflict of interest entrenched in the chain of command. The fact is that the Department of Defense estimates that 60 percent of cases involve a supervisor or a unit leader. Think of that num-ber—60 percent of cases involving al-leged sexual assault are committed by the supervisor or the unit leader in the U.S. military. 
The MJIA—the Military Justice Im-
provement Act—the amendment we will offer tomorrow and will vote on, will address this obstacle by amending the Uniform Code of Military Justice to assign the decisionmaking power re-garding sexual assault to an inde-pendent, trained prosecutor or, actu-ally, a team of professional military prosecutors, while leaving decisions to the chain of command regarding purely military crime. 
I recognize there is an argument that 
good order and discipline require the chain of command to work as a source of discipline and punishment and jus-tice. But where retaliation, bias, and conflicts of interest are so prevalent and so inherent in the process, where the chain of command is making deci-sions about the perpetrator, who so commonly is in that chain of com-mand, these decisions should be made by independent, trained, military pros-ecutors. 
The type of crime involved here, sex-
ual assault, is one that is very dif-ficult, excruciatingly daunting to pros-ecute simply because of the nature of this crime, the nature of the evidence, 
and the nature of the testimony. So trained, professional military lawyers are in a better position to make these decisions about whether to go for-ward—not just decisions about what evidence to introduce but whether the evidence justifies the prosecution, whether proof can be presented that will do justice, not just reach a convic-tion. 
Our amendment will entrust military 
lawyers with specialized training in prosecuting complex cases to make those prosecutorial decisions. 
Removing the commanders from the 
prosecutorial process will also protect the privacy of victims when reporting these crimes. Typically, they involve some of the most intimate of details. 
A trained, independent, military 
prosecutor and removing the com-mander from those decisions will pro-tect privacy and encourage reporting. I believe this step is a critical next step in this effort to improve the military justice system. 
I have immense respect for col-
leagues who disagree with me. Some of them are seasoned prosecutors, ex-traordinarily talented and dedicated lawyers, and we may differ on these issues. 
Many of our allies, including the 
United Kingdom, Canada, Israel, Ger-many, Norway, and Australia, have al-ready taken steps to remove sexual as-sault reporting and prosecution from the regular chain of command. Mili-tary leaders there report no particular change in their ability to maintain good order or discipline. The facts are there to justify removing these deci-sions from the chain of command. 
But I hope colleagues who disagree 
with me will continue this effort—I know they will—to improve our mili-tary justice system. We can agree to 
disagree on this step. We should agree to move forward on other steps where we can reach consensus because we have in common much more than we have in conflict—that the greatest, strongest military in the history of the world should be rid of this heinous crime. That is our military. We owe it to the men and women who serve in uniform to have a system of justice that matches their courage, strength, and skill. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BURUNDI 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak about the political crisis in Bu-rundi, and to urge continued action by the administration and the inter-national community to prevent vio-lence and mass atrocities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.023 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4133 June 15, 2015 
As my colleagues may be aware, the 
country has a troubled history of vio-lence and instability. A 12-year civil war resulted in 300,000 deaths. Though the past 10 years have been relatively stable, there have been troubling re-ports of murders, harassment, and in-timidation in rural areas carried out by the Imbonerakure, an armed youth group believed to be associated with the ruling party. According to the United Nations, U.N., over 90,000 refu-gees have fled Burundi since April, con-cerned about potential violence in the runup to the July 15 Presidential elec-tion. Some of the refugees claim they fear being targeted by government-al-
lied militia. More than 27,000 refugees have fled to Rwanda, a country with its own troubled history of ethnic conflict. 
President Pierre Nkurunziza’s an-
nouncement on April 25 that he was running for a third term—a move which appears to violate the Burundian constitution—has caused over 1 month of protests in the Burundian capital, Bujumbura. The Burundian Red Cross has stated that at least 21 people have died during the protests, most report-edly killed by police who have fired live ammunition at protesters. Others have been killed by a series of grenade attacks by unknown parties and more than 500 have been injured. On May 23, opposition leader Zedi Feruzi was killed by unidentified gunmen, and pri-vate radio and television stations have been raided, burned, and shut down. Social media websites used to organize protests have been blocked and promi-nent journalists and activists have been arrested. While some of these in-dividuals have since been released, the crackdown on dissenting voices is dis-turbing. There are also reports of smaller protests outside of the capital, which signals the potential for the vio-lence to spread, should the police re-spond in a similarly heavyhanded way. The situation is volatile and analysts are increasingly concerned that the sit-uation could suddenly erupt into wide- scale killings resulting in hundreds of deaths. 
The Obama administration has been 
actively engaged in an effort to avert mass atrocities in Burundi for more than a year. Various senior-level ad-ministration officials—including former U.S. Special Envoy for the Afri-can Great Lakes Russ Feingold, Am-bassador Samantha Power, Assistant Secretary Linda Thomas-Greenfield, Under Secretary Wendy Sherman, Under Secretary Sarah Sewall, and even Secretary of State John Kerry— have spoken with Burundian officials, regional leaders, and other inter-national donors in an effort to dissuade President Nkurunziza from running for office again. 
In the wake of the protests, regional 
leaders are playing an active role in trying to calm the situation. The coun-tries of the East African Community, EAC, have sent Foreign Ministers to Bujumbura to discuss the crisis with a range of stakeholders. The organiza-tion held two emergency meetings in 
May, one of which Assistant Secretary of State Thomas-Greenfield attended. The African Union and the Inter-national Conference of the Great Lakes have also convened to discuss the cri-sis. 
I applaud ongoing administration and 
regional efforts. I am concerned, how-ever, that they may not be sufficient. 
The U.N. Special Envoy for the Great Lakes, Said Djinnit, was dispatched to bring the parties together to find a ne-gotiated solution, but he has stepped down after being accused by opposition groups of being biased toward the gov-ernment’s position. Despite the delay in the polls from June to July, condi-tions for a democratic contest do not exist. There is no space for the opposi-tion to campaign and the media cannot operate freely. And even in the face of the international community’s re-peated visits, calls, and messaging on the importance of putting the good of the country before personal political ambitions, President Nkurunziza still has refused to do the right thing and step aside as his party’s candidate. 
I recommend that we take three ad-
ditional steps. No. 1, urge U.N. Sec-retary General Ban Ki-moon and Afri-can Union, AU, Chairperson Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma to work with regional leaders to achieve a common approach to a political settlement for Burundi that includes Pierre Nkurunziza step-ping aside as his party’s candidate. It should also include a postponement of elections until a way forward is agreed to by the ruling party and the opposi-tion that lays the groundwork for a le-gitimate contest. The current delay in the polling date gets us nowhere if con-ditions for credible elections still are not in place. A show of solidarity on these issues will powerfully signal the international community’s commit-ment to a transparent, fair democratic process, and could serve to alleviate tension on the ground. President Nkurunziza should be urged to hold po-lice responsible for killing protesters, ensure that media can operate freely, and allow for some means of verifica-tion that he is disarming the Imbonerakure and other armed militia as called for by the EAC and referenced by the African Union. 
No. 2, I urge President Obama to ap-
point a Great Lakes Special Envoy to replace Russ Feingold as soon as pos-sible. Having a senior-level State De-partment official working fulltime to-ward a negotiated settlement at this volatile time will greatly enhance the efforts that administration officials are making to ensure peace. 
Finally, I call upon the administra-
tion to refrain from beginning new training of, or making additional plans to provide military equipment to, the Burundian military at this juncture. While the military has not been ac-cused of violence against civilians or abuses related to the protests, I see no advantage in moving forward with ad-ditional programs given the volatile situation on the ground. We can re-
sume assistance once we are confident that the security situation is stable. 
The situation in Burundi is trou-
bling, but I do not believe it is hope-less. I stand ready to support the ad-ministration’s efforts to prevent an-other tragedy from unfolding in the Great Lakes region of Africa. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on June 12, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) has signed 
the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1568. An act to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2685. An act making appropriations 
for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1295) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to wheth-er such organizations are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such code, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate, and that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, June 
15, 2015, he has signed the following bill, which was previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ): 
S. 1568. An act to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2685. An act making appropriations 
for the Department of Defense for the fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.009 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4134 June 15, 2015 
year ending September 30, 2016, and for other 
purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, June 15, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1568. An act to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1868. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Salable Quantities and Allotment Percentages for the 2015–2016 Marketing Year’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0096; FV15– 985–1 FR) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1869. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Grapes Grown in a Designated Area of Southeastern California; Increased Assess-ment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0106; FV15–925–2 FR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1870. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Descriptive Des-ignation for Needle- or Blade-Tenderized (Mechanically Tenderized) Beef Products’’ (RIN0583–AD45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1871. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tart Cherries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Free and Restricted Per-centages for the 2014–15 Crop Year for Tart Cherries’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0077; FV14–930–2 FR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1872. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Revision of the Salable Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 3 (Na-tive) Spearmint Oil for the 2014–2015 Mar-keting Year’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–13–0087; 
FV14–985–1B FIR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1873. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Potatoes Grown in Colorado; Relaxation of the Handling Regulation for Area No. 3’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0092; FV15–948–1 FIR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1874. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the current and fu-ture military strategy of Iran (OSS–2015– 0852); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1875. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Vice Admiral John W. Miller, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of vice admiral on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–1876. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of three (3) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier gen-eral, as indicated, in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1877. A communication from the Coun-
sel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Min-imum Requirements for Appraisal Manage-ment Companies’’ (RIN3170–AA44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1878. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 9, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1879. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Person to the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AG55) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 9, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1880. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-
tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Clarification for En-ergy Conservation Standards and Test Proce-dures for Fluorescent Lamp Ballasts’’ ((RIN1904–AB99) (Docket No. EERE–2009–BT– TP–0016)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–1881. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve for calendar year 2013; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–1882. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report concerning operations at the 
Naval Petroleum Reserves for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–1883. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Butte County Air Qual-ity Management District, Feather River Air Quality Management District, and San Luis Obispo County Air Pollution District’’ (FRL No. 9928–09–Region 9) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1884. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; West Virginia; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Imple-mentation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9928–78–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–1885. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of New Mexico; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Standard and Repeal of Cement Kilns Rule’’ (FRL No. 9928–80–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–1886. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Is-land; Decommissioning of Stage II Vapor Re-covery Systems and Amending Stage I Vapor Recovery Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9928–86– Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1887. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Transportation Conformity and Conformity of General Federal Actions’’ (FRL No. 9928– 79–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1888. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Iowa; Grain Vacuuming Best Management Practices (BMPs) and Rescission Rules’’ (FRL No. 9928– 90–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1889. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Section 503 of the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram Reauthorization Act: Prospective Pay-ment System for Federally-Qualified Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.004 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4135 June 15, 2015 
Centers and Rural Health Clinics Transition 
Grants’’ ; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1890. A communication from the Chief 
of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changes to the Visa Waiver Program to Im-plement the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) Program and the Fee for Use of the System .’’ ((RIN1651–AA72 and RIN1651–AA83) (CBP Dec. 15–08)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 3, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1891. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Medicare Shared Savings Program: Accountable Care Organizations’’ ((RIN0938– AS06) (CMS–1461–F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1892. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0895); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1893. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0894); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1894. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0892); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1895. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0893); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1896. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–016); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1897. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0059–2015–0066); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1898. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Certification; Synthetic Iron Oxide; Confirmation of Effective Date’’ (Docket No. FDA–2013–C–1008) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1899. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Postmarking Safety Reports for Human Drug and Biological Products; 
Electronic Submission Requirements; Delay of Compliance Date; Safety Reporting Portal of Electronic Submission of Postmarking Safety Reports for Human Drugs and Non-vaccine Biological Products’’ ((RIN0910– AF96) (Docket No. FDA–2008–N–0334)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1900. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Veterinary Feed Directive’’ ((RIN0910–AG95) (Docket No. FDA–2010–N– 0155)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1901. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, De-partment of Education, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Priorities, Requirements, Definitions, and Selection Criterion—First in the World Program’’ (Docket No. ED–2015–OPE–0001) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1902. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Banned Devices; General Provisions; Technical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–N–0011) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1903. A communication from the Chair 
of the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General and the Semiannual Man-agement Report for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1904. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report from the Office of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1905. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion’s Office of Inspector General’s Semi-annual Report to Congress and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation Management’s Response for the period from October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1906. A communication from the Chief 
Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1907. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Effects of the District’s Sick and Safe Leave Act’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1908. A communication from the In-
spector General, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the 
Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1909. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Labor’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1910. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Education’s Semi- Annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1911. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Transportation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1912. A communication from the Direc-
tor, National Marine Fisheries Service, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Report to Congress on the Disclosure of Financial In-terest and Recusal Requirements for Re-gional Fishery Management Councils and Scientific and Statistical Committees and on Apportionment of Membership of the Re-gional Fishery Management Councils’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1913. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; North and South Atlantic 2015 Commercial Sword-fish Quotas’’ (RIN0648–XD726) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1914. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Annual Specifications and Management Measures for the 2015 Trib-al and Non-Tribal Fisheries for Pacific Whit-ing’’ (RIN0648–BE74) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1915. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions No. 1 and No. 2’’ (RIN0648–XD868) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1916. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Com-mercial Blacktip Sharks, Aggregated Large Coastal Sharks, and Hammerhead Sharks in the Gulf of Mexico Region’’ (RIN0648–XD911) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S15JN5.REC S15JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4136 June 15, 2015 
EC–1917. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 630 of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XD908) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1918. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the Department of Com-merce, transmitting proposed legislation to extend by 15 years the authority of the Sec-retary of Commerce to conduct the Quar-terly Financial Report (QFR) program; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1919. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1278)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1920. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0589)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1921. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0074)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1922. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Zodiac Aerotechnics (for-merly Intertechnique Aircraft Systems) Oxy-gen Mask Regulators’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2012–1107)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1923. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Canada Corp. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2013–0766)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1924. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0491)) received during adjournment of the Senate 
in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1925. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Enstrom Helicopter Cor-poration’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1537)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1926. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2012–0636)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1927. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GROB–WERKE Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0415)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1928. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0429)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1929. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Glid-ers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 1130)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1930. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Type Certificate Previously Held by Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0038)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1931. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0936)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1932. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0286)) received during adjournment of 
the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1933. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (12); Amdt. No. 3639’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1934. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (131); Amdt. No. 3640’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1935. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prohibi-tion Against Certain Flights Within the Baghdad (ORBB) Flight Information Region (FIR)’’ ((RIN2120–AK60) (Docket No. FAA– 2003–14766)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1936. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Portland Rose Festival on Wil-lamette River, Portland, OR’’ ((RIN1625– AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0484)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1937. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lakeside July 4th Fireworks, Lake Erie; Lakeside, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0388)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1938. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones, Captain of the Port New Orle-ans Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1069)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1939. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Great Lakes Pilotage Rates—2015 Annual Review and Adjustment’’ ((RIN1625–AC22) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0481)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1940. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Loading and Outbound Transit of TUG THOMAS and BARGE OCEANUS, Sa-vannah River; Savannah, GA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0280)) received 
in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1941. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.008 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4137 June 15, 2015 
of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-
ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation, Annual Dragon Boat Races, Portland, Oregon.’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0453)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1942. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Biscayne Bay, Miami Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0719)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1943. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Fireworks Displays in the Sector Columbia River Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2014–0300)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1944. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix, Detroit River; Detroit, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0389)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1945. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Rotary Club of Fort Lauder-dale New River Raft Race, New River; Fort Lauderdale, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0024)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1946. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prohibi-tion of Fixed-Wing Special Visual Flight Rules Operations at Washington-Dulles International Airport; Withdrawal’’ ((RIN2120–AK69) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0190)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1947. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Pasco, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014– 0279)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1948. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Cypress, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0743)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1949. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to 
law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Proposed Amendment of Class E Airspace; Jupiter, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 0796)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1950. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations (Providence, Rhode Island)’’ (MB Docket No. 15–98, DA 15–621) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1951. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Parts 1, 2, 15, 25, 27, 74, 78, 80, 87, 90, 97, and 101 of the Commission’s Rules Re-garding Implementation of the Final Acts of the World Radiocommunication Conference (Geneva, 2007), Other Allocation Issues, and Related Rule Updates’’ (ET Docket No. 12– 338; ET Docket No. 15–99; and IB Docket No. 06–123, FCC 15–50) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 558. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to require information on con-tributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–65). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
*David S. Shapira, of Pennsylvania, to be a 
Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2019. 
*Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an As-
sistant Secretary of Homeland Security. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 1571. A bill to preserve the constitu-
tional authority of Congress and ensure ac-countability and transparency in legislation; to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 1572. A bill to end the practice of includ-
ing more than one subject in a single bill by requiring that each bill enacted by Congress 
be limited to only one subject, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. THUNE: 
S. 1573. A bill to establish regional weather 
forecast offices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 1574. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-
cans Act of 1965 to establish a community care wrap-around support demonstration program, a pilot project on services for re-cipients of federally assisted housing, and a national campaign to raise awareness of the aging network and to promote advance inte-grated long-term care planning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 1575. A bill to end the unconstitutional 
delegation of legislative power which was ex-clusively vested in the Senate and House of Representatives by article I, section 1 of the Constitution of the United States, and to di-rect the Comptroller General of the United States to issue a report to Congress detailing the extent of the problem of unconstitu-tional delegation to the end that such dele-gations can be phased out, thereby restoring the constitutional principle of separation of powers set forth in the first sections of the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and 
Ms. H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 1576. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to prevent fraud by representa-tive payees; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
D
AINES ): 
S. 1577. A bill to amend the Wild and Sce-
nic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EID, Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. 
WICKER ): 
S. Res. 201. A resolution designating June 
19, 2015, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. C
OLLINS , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. 
MURPHY ): 
S. Res. 202. A resolution designating June 
15, 2015, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’; considered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.009 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4138 June 15, 2015 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 248 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
248, a bill to clarify the rights of Indi-ans and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient services. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification require-ment for inpatient critical access hos-pital services. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 355 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
355, a bill to support the provision of safe relationship behavior education and training. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act to provide an excep-tion to the annual written privacy no-tice requirement. 
S. 453 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
453, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures for veterans with military emergency medical training to become civilian emergency medical techni-cians. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual violence, and for other purposes. 
S. 599 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
599, a bill to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric dem-onstration project. 
S. 607 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 607, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstra-tion program, and for other purposes. 
S. 667 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 667, 
a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are al-lowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 683, a bill to extend the prin-ciple of federalism to State drug pol-icy, provide access to medical mari-juana, and enable research into the me-dicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institu-tions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital to-
ward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-vide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Par-kinson’s disease, and other neuro-logical diseases. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1002, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for collegiate housing and infra-structure grants. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1424 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1424, a bill to prohibit the sale or distribution of cosmetics containing synthetic plastic microbeads. 
S. 1458 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
RISCH) and the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. V ITTER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1458, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure scientific transparency in the development of environmental regulations and for other purposes. 
S. 1483 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1483, a bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Ten-nessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affect-ing the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois 
(Mr. K IRK) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) were added 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.013 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4139 June 15, 2015 
as cosponsors of S. 1512, a bill to elimi-
nate discrimination and promote wom-en’s health and economic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accom-modations for workers whose ability to perform the functions of a job are lim-ited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a re-lated medical condition. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1513, a bill to reauthor-ize the Second Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1532 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1532, a bill to ensure time-ly access to affordable birth control for women. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1539, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program. 
S. 1547 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1547, a bill to provide high-skilled visas for nationals of the Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1565 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1565, a bill to allow the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to pro-vide greater protection to servicemembers. 
S. RES. 193 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. Res. 193, a resolu-tion celebrating the 50th anniversary of the historic Griswold v. Connecticut decision of the Supreme Court of the United States and expressing the sense of the Senate that the case was an im-portant step forward in helping ensure that all people of the United States are able to use contraceptives to plan preg-nancies and have healthier babies. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1474 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1474 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1549 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1549 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mrs. E
RNST , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CORNYN ), the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Ms. A YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1549 proposed to H.R. 1735, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1550 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1550 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1578 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1578 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1687 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1687 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1707 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1707 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 1725 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1725 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1759 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1759 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1815 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1815 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1889 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Maine 
(Mr. K ING), the Senator from New Mex-
ico (Mr. H EINRICH ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ), the 
Senator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. M
URPHY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1892 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1892 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.014 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4140 June 15, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1966 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1966 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2013 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2013 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and 
Mr. D AINES ): 
S. 1577. A bill to amend the Wild and 
Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as compo-nents of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today, 
along with Senator D
AINES , I intro-
duced the East Rosebud Creek Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. This legislation will help ensure that one of my state’s most striking waterways is preserved for the use and enjoyment of future genera-tions. 
In south central Montana, East Rose-
bud Creek meanders through the Absoraka-Beartooth Wilderness before pooling briefly at East Rosebud Lake. From there, the creek continues to flow down through the Custer National Forest and on, eventually, to the Yel-lowstone River. 
My legislation would protect 20 of 
the most scenic miles of East Rosebud Creek: those 13 miles above East Rose-bud Lake and seven more on the down-stream side. Designating these sections of river will protect its water quality and the free-flowing nature of the river, and will have no impact on pri-vate property. 
Local ranchers, businesses, home-
owners associations, conservation groups, and everyday Montanans have recognized the need for a Wild and Sce-nic Rivers designation and have voiced their support. In its current manage-ment plan for Custer National Forest, the Forest Service also recognizes the incredible scenic and recreational val-ues of East Rosebud Creek, and the riv-er’s potential for designation. 
In short, this bipartisan legislation is 
a proposal that comes tailor-made from folks on the ground and will pre-serve a portion of Montana’s outdoor heritage for our kids and grandkids. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 201—DESIG-
NATING JUNE 19, 2015, AS ‘‘JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE 
DAY’’ IN RECOGNITION OF JUNE 19, 1865, THE DATE ON WHICH SLAVERY LEGALLY CAME TO AN END IN THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. K AINE, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. R EID, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. W ICKER ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 201 
Whereas news of the end of slavery did not 
reach the frontier areas of the United States, in particular the State of Texas and the other Southwestern States, until months after the conclusion of the Civil War, more than 2 
1⁄2years after President Abraham Lin-
coln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863; 
Whereas, on June 19, 1865, Union soldiers, 
led by Major General Gordon Granger, ar-rived in Galveston, Texas, with news that the Civil War had ended and that the enslaved were free; 
Whereas African-Americans who had been 
slaves in the Southwest celebrated June 19, commonly known as ‘‘Juneteenth Independ-ence Day’’, as inspiration and encourage-ment for future generations; 
Whereas African-Americans from the 
Southwest have continued the tradition of observing ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ for 150 years; 
Whereas 43 States, the District of Colum-
bia, and other countries have designated ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ as a special day of observance in recognition of the emancipation of all slaves in the United States; 
Whereas ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ 
celebrations have been held to honor Afri-can-American freedom while encouraging self-development and respect for all cultures; 
Whereas the faith and strength of char-
acter demonstrated by former slaves and the descendants of former slaves remain an ex-ample for all people of the United States, re-gardless of background, religion, or race; 
Whereas slavery was not officially abol-
ished until the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States in December 1865; 
Whereas Frederick Douglass, born in the 
State of Maryland in 1818, escaped from slav-ery and became a leading writer, orator, pub-lisher, and one of the most influential advo-cates in the United States for abolitionism and the equality of all people; 
Whereas Frederick Douglass was recog-
nized for his accomplishments with a statue that was unveiled during a ceremony on June 19, 2013, in Emancipation Hall in the United States Capitol; 
Whereas 2015 marks the 50th anniversary of 
the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.), signed into law on August 6, 1965, a milestone in providing equal protections for African-Americans, in-
cluding former slaves and the descendants of former slaves; and 
Whereas, over the course of its history, the 
United States has grown into a symbol of de-mocracy and freedom around the world: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates June 19, 2015, as ‘‘Juneteenth 
Independence Day’’; 
(2) recognizes the historical significance of 
‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ to the United States; 
(3) supports the continued nationwide cele-
bration of ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ to provide an opportunity for the people of the United States to learn more about the past and to better understand the experi-ences that have shaped the United States; and 
(4) recognizes that the observance of the 
end of slavery is part of the history and her-itage of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 202—DESIG-
NATING JUNE 15, 2015, AS ‘‘WORLD ELDER ABUSE AWARE-NESS DAY’’ 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. M URPHY ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 202 
Whereas Federal Government estimates 
show that more than 1 in 10 persons over age 60, or 6,000,000 individuals, are victims of elder abuse each year; 
Whereas the vast majority of the abuse, 
neglect, and exploitation of older adults in the United States goes unidentified and un-reported; 
Whereas only 1 in 44 cases of financial 
abuse of older adults is reported; 
Whereas at least $2,900,000,000 is taken 
from older adults each year due to financial abuse and exploitation; 
Whereas elder abuse, neglect, and exploi-
tation have no boundaries and cross all ra-cial, social, class, gender, and geographic lines; 
Whereas older adults who are abused are 3 
times more likely to die earlier than older adults of the same age who are not abused; 
Whereas 
1⁄2of all older adults with demen-
tia will experience abuse; 
Whereas providing unwanted medical 
treatment can be a form of elder abuse and exploitation; 
Whereas public awareness has the poten-
tial to increase the identification and report-ing of elder abuse by the public, profes-sionals, and victims, and can act as a cata-lyst to promote issue-based education and long-term prevention; 
Whereas private individuals and public 
agencies must work together on the Federal, State, and local levels to combat increasing occurrences of abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation crime and violence against vulnerable older adults and vulnerable adults, particu-larly in light of limited resources for vital protective services; and 
Whereas 2015 is the 10th anniversary of 
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates June 15, 2015, as ‘‘World 
Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’; 
(2) recognizes judges, lawyers, adult pro-
tective services professionals, law enforce-
ment officers, long-term care ombudsmen, social workers, health care providers, profes-sional guardians, advocates for victims, and other professionals and agencies for the ef-forts to advance awareness of elder abuse; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.014 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4141 June 15, 2015 
(3) encourages members of the public and 
professionals who work with older adults to act as catalysts to promote awareness and long-term prevention of elder abuse by reaching out to local adult protective serv-ices agencies, long-term care ombudsman programs, and the National Center on Elder Abuse, and by learning to recognize, detect, report, and respond to elder abuse. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2016. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2017. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2018. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2019. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2020. Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2021. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2022. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2023. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2024. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2025. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2026. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2027. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
D
AINES , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2028. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2029. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2030. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2031. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2032. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2033. Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2034. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. S CHUMER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2035. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
KAINE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2036. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
KAINE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2037. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
MCCAIN) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2038. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
CORKER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2039. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2040. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
TILLIS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. G RAHAM , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. U DALL , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mrs. 
BOXER ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2041. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2042. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2043. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Mr. E
NZI) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2044. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Mr. E NZI) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2045. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G RA-
HAM) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2046. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1927 submitted by Mr. I
SAK-
SON and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2016. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself 
and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: 
Subtitle F—Construction Consensus 
Procurement Improvement 
SEC. 891. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be 
cited as the ‘‘Construction Consensus Pro-curement Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 892. DESIGN-BUILD CONSTRUCTION PROC-
ESS IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3309 of title 41, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) C RITERIA FOR USE.— 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE OF AT LEAST  
$750,000.—Two-phase selection procedures 
shall be used for entering into a contract for the design and construction of a public build-ing, facility, or work when a contracting of-ficer determines that the contract has a value of $750,000 or greater, as adjusted for inflation in accordance with section 1908 of this title. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE LESS THAN  
$750,000.—For projects that a contracting offi-
cer determines have a value of less than $750,000, the contracting officer shall make a determination whether two-phase selection procedures are appropriate for use for enter-ing into a contract for the design and con-struction of a public building, facility, or work when— 
‘‘(A) the contracting officer anticipates 
that 3 or more offers will be received for the contract; 
‘‘(B) design work must be performed before 
an offeror can develop a price or cost pro-posal for the contract; 
‘‘(C) the offeror will incur a substantial 
amount of expense in preparing the offer; and 
‘‘(D) the contracting officer has considered 
information such as— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the project re-
quirements have been adequately defined; 
‘‘(ii) the time constraints for delivery of 
the project; 
‘‘(iii) the capability and experience of po-
tential contractors; 
‘‘(iv) the suitability of the project for use 
of the two-phase selection procedures; 
‘‘(v) the capability of the agency to man-
age the two-phase selection process; and 
‘‘(vi) other criteria established by the 
agency.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.019 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4142 June 15, 2015 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The 
maximum number specified in the solicita-tion shall not exceed 5 unless the agency de-termines with respect to’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘The maximum num-ber specified in the solicitation shall not ex-ceed 5 unless the head of the contracting ac-tivity, delegable to a level no lower than the senior contracting official within the con-tracting activity, approves the contracting officer’s justification that an individual so-licitation must have greater than 5 finalists to be in the Federal Government’s interest. The contracting officer shall provide written documentation of how a maximum number of offerors exceeding 5 is consistent with the purposes and objectives of the two-phase se-lection process.’’. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than November 
30 of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, the head of each agency shall compile an annual re-port of each instance in which the agency awarded a design-build contract pursuant to section 3309 of title 41, United States Code, during the fiscal year ending in such cal-endar year, in which— 
(i) more than 5 finalists were selected for 
phase-two requests for proposals; or 
(ii) the contract was awarded without 
using two-phase selection procedures. 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget shall facilitate public access to the reports, in-cluding by posting them on a publicly avail-able Internet website. A notice of the avail-ability of each report shall be published in the Federal Register. 
(b) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2305a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) C RITERIA FOR USE.— 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE OF AT LEAST  
$750,000.—Two-phase selection procedures 
shall be used for entering into a contract for the design and construction of a public build-ing, facility, or work when a contracting of-ficer determines that the contract has a value of $750,000 or greater, as adjusted for inflation in accordance with section 1908 of title 41, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE LESS THAN  
$750,000.—For projects that a contracting offi-
cer determines have a value of less than $750,000, the contracting officer shall make a determination whether two-phase selection procedures are appropriate for use for enter-ing into a contract for the design and con-struction of a public building, facility, or work when— 
‘‘(A) the contracting officer anticipates 
that 3 or more offers will be received for the contract; 
‘‘(B) design work must be performed before 
an offeror can develop a price or cost pro-posal for the contract; 
‘‘(C) the offeror will incur a substantial 
amount of expense in preparing the offer; and 
‘‘(D) the contracting officer has considered 
information such as— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the project re-
quirements have been adequately defined; 
‘‘(ii) the time constraints for delivery of 
the project; 
‘‘(iii) the capability and experience of po-
tential contractors; 
‘‘(iv) the suitability of the project for use 
of the two-phase selection procedures; 
‘‘(v) the capability of the agency to man-
age the two-phase selection process; and 
‘‘(vi) other criteria established by the De-
partment of Defense.’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The 
maximum number specified in the solicita-tion shall not exceed 5 unless the agency de-termines with respect to’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘The maximum num-ber specified in the solicitation shall not ex-ceed 5 unless the head of the contracting ac-tivity approves the contracting officer’s jus-tification that an individual solicitation must have greater than 5 finalists to be in the Federal Government’s interest. The con-tracting officer shall provide written docu-mentation of how a maximum number of offerors exceeding 5 is consistent with the purposes and objectives of the two-phase se-lection process.’’. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than November 
30 of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, the Sec-retary of Defense shall compile an annual re-port of each instance in which the Depart-ment awarded a design-build contract pursu-ant to section 2305a of title 10, United States Code, during the fiscal year ending in such calendar year, in which— 
(i) more than 5 finalists were selected for 
phase-two requests for proposals; or 
(ii) the contract was awarded without 
using two-phase selection procedures. 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget shall facilitate public access to the reports, in-cluding by posting them on a publicly avail-able Internet website. A notice of the avail-ability of each report shall be published in the Federal Register. 
(c) GAO R
EPORTS .— 
(1) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .—Not later than 270 
days after the deadline for the final reports required under subsection (f) of section 3309 of title 41, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report ana-lyzing the compliance of the various Federal 
agencies with the requirements of such sec-tion. 
(2) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .—Not later than 270 
days after the deadline for the final reports required under subsection (f) of section 2305a of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (b)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report ana-lyzing the compliance of the Department of Defense with the requirements of such sec-tion. 
SEC. 893. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF A RE-
VERSE AUCTION FOR THE AWARD OF A CONTRACT FOR DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION SERVICES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council, in consultation with the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to pro-hibit the use of reverse auctions for award-ing contracts for construction and design services. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
(1) the term ‘‘design and construction serv-
ices’’ means— 
(A) site planning and landscape design; (B) architectural and engineering services 
(including surveying and mapping defined in section 1101 of title 40, United States Code); 
(C) interior design; (D) performance of substantial construc-
tion work for facility, infrastructure, and en-vironmental restoration projects; 
(E) delivery and supply of construction ma-
terials to construction sites; and 
(F) construction or substantial alteration 
of public buildings or public works; and 
(2) the term ‘‘reverse auction’’ means, with 
respect to procurement by an agency— (A) a real-time auction conducted through 
an electronic medium between a group of offerors who compete against each other by submitting bids for a contract or task order with the ability to submit revised bids throughout the course of the auction; and 
(B) the award of the contract or task order 
to the offeror who submits the lowest bid. 
SEC. 894. ASSURING PAYMENT PROTECTIONS 
FOR CONSTRUCTION SUBCONTRAC-TORS AND SUPPLIERS UNDER AN ALTERNATIVE TO A MILLER ACT PAYMENT BOND. 
Chapter 93 of subtitle VI of title 31, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by adding at the end the following new 
section: 
‘‘§ 9310. Individual sureties 
‘‘If another applicable law or regulation 
permits the acceptance of a bond from a sur-ety that is not subject to sections 9305 and 9306 and is based on a pledge of assets by the surety, the assets pledged by such surety shall— 
‘‘(1) consist of eligible obligations de-
scribed under section 9303(a); and 
‘‘(2) be submitted to the official of the Gov-
ernment required to approve or accept the bond, who shall deposit the assets with a de-pository described under section 9303(b).’’; and 
(2) in the table of sections for such chapter, 
by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘9310. Individual sureties.’’. 
SEC. 895. SBA SURETY BOND GUARANTEE PRO-
GRAM. 
Section 411(c)(1) of the Small Business In-
vestment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 694b(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘70’’ and inserting ‘‘90’’. 
SA 2017. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE 
USE OF TUBULAR LIGHT-EMITTING DIODE (T-LED) LIGHTING IN THE UNIFIED FACILITIES CRITERIA. 
It is the sense of Congress that, given the 
significant cost savings and energy efficient benefits that have been realized from the in-stallation of tubular light-emitting diode (T- LED) lighting aboard Navy vessels, and in order to provide the Department of Defense greater flexibility in lighting options which would reduce energy costs, the Department of Defense should modify the Universal Fa-cilities Code to include tubular LED (T-LED) as an option within its specifications. 
SA 2018. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.017 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4143 June 15, 2015 
for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 236. EXPANSION OF EDUCATION PARTNER-
SHIPS TO SUPPORT TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND TRANSITION. 
Section 2194 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘busi-
ness, law, technology transfer or transition,’’ after ‘‘mathematics,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), re-spectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (4): 
‘‘(4) providing sabbatical opportunities for 
faculty and internship opportunities for stu-dents;’’; and 
(C) in paragraphs (5) and (6), as redesig-
nated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘re-search projects’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘projects, including research and technology transfer or transition projects’’. 
SA 2019. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. RECEIPT BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED 
FORCES WITH PRIMARY MARINER DUTIES OF TRAINING THAT COM-PLIES WITH NATIONAL STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2015 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) M EMBERS WITHPRIMARY MARINER DU-
TIES.—(1) For purposes of the program under 
this section, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that members of the armed forces with primary mariner duties receive training that complies with national standards and requirements under the International Con-vention on Standards of Training, Certifi-cation, and Watchkeeping (STCW). 
‘‘(2) The following shall comply with basic 
training standards under national require-ments and the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping: 
‘‘(A) The recruit training provided to each 
member of the armed forces. 
‘‘(B) The training provided to each member 
of the armed forces who is assigned to a ves-sel. 
‘‘(3) Under the program, each member of 
the armed forces who is assigned to a vessel of at least 100 gross tons (GRT) in a deck or engineering career field shall be provided the following: 
‘‘(A) A designated path to applicable cre-
dentials under the national requirements and the International Convention on Stand-
ards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping consistent with the respon-sibilities of the position to which assigned. 
‘‘(B) The opportunity, at Government ex-
pense, to attend credentialing programs that provide merchant mariner training not of-fered by the armed forces. 
‘‘(4)(A) For purposes of the program, the 
material specified in subparagraph (B) shall be submitted to the National Maritime Cen-ter of the Coast Guard for assessment of the compliance of such material with national requirements and the International Conven-tion on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping. 
‘‘(B) The material specified in this sub-
paragraph is as follows: 
‘‘(i) The course material of each unclassi-
fied course for members of the armed forces in marine navigation, leadership, and oper-ation and maintenance. 
‘‘(ii) The unclassified qualifications for as-
signment for deck or engineering positions on waterborne vessels. 
‘‘(C) The National Maritime Center shall 
conduct assessments of material for purposes of this paragraph. Such assessments shall evaluate the suitability of material for the service at sea addressed by such material and without regard to the military pay grade of the intended beneficiaries of such mate-rial. 
‘‘(D) If material submitted to the National 
Maritime Center pursuant to this paragraphs is determined not to comply as described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary offering such material to members of the armed forces shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the actions to be taken by such Secretary to bring such material into compliance.’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each Secretary of a mili-
tary department shall establish, for members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary, procedures as follows: 
(A) Procedures by which members identify 
qualification gaps in training and pro-ficiency assessments and complete training or assessments approved by the Coast Guard in addressing such gaps. 
(B) Procedures by which members obtain 
service records of any service at sea. 
(C) Procedures by which members may sub-
mit service records of service at sea and other military qualifications to the National Maritime Center for evaluation and issuance of a Merchant Marine Credential. 
(D) Procedures by which members may ob-
tain a medical certificate for use in applica-tions for Merchant Marine Credentials. 
(2) U
SE OF MILITARY DRUG TEST RESULTS IN  
MERCHANT MARINE CREDENTIAL APPLICA -
TIONS .—The Secretaries of the military de-
partments shall jointly establish procedures by which the results of appropriate drug tests administered to members of the Armed Forces by the military departments may be used for purposes of applications for Mer-chant Marine Credentials. 
SA 2020. Mr. KING (for himself and 
Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2815. EXEMPTION OF ARMY OFF-SITE USE 
AND OFF-SITE REMOVAL ONLY NON- MOBILE PROPERTIES FROM CER-TAIN EXCESS PROPERTY DISPOSAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Excess or unutilized or 
underutilized non-mobile property of the Army that is situated on non-excess land shall be exempt from the requirements of title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that— 
(1) the property is not feasible to relocate; (2) the property is located in an area to 
which the general public is denied access in the interest of national security; and 
(3) the exemption would facilitate the effi-
cient disposal of excess property or result in more efficient real property management. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—Before making an ini-
tial determination under the authority pro-vided under subsection (a), and periodically thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall consult with the Executive Director of the United States Interagency Council on Home-lessness on types of non-mobile properties that may be feasible for relocation and suit-able to assist the homeless. 
(b) S
UNSET .—The authority under sub-
section (a) shall expire on September 30, 2017. 
SA 2021. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE FUL-
FILLMENT BY THE UNITED STATES OF ITS OBLIGATIONS TO THE RE-PUBLIC OF PALAU. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Republic of Palau is comprised of 
300 islands and covers roughly 177 square miles strategically located in the western Pacific Ocean between the Philippines and the United States territory of Guam. 
(2) The United States and Palau have 
forged close security, economic, and cultural ties since the United States defeated the armed forces of Imperial Japan in Palau in 1944. 
(3) The United States administered Palau 
as a District of the United Nations Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands from 1947 to 1994. 
(4) In 1994, the United States and Palau en-
tered into a 50-year Compact of Free Asso-ciation which provided for the independence of Palau and set forth the terms for close and mutually beneficial relations in secu-rity, economic, and governmental affairs. 
(5) The security terms of the Compact 
grant the United States full authority and responsibility for the security and defense of Palau, including the right to foreclose the territory of Palau to any nation except the United States and to establish and use de-fense sites in Palau. 
(6) The Compact entitles any citizen of 
Palau to volunteer for service in the Armed Forces of the United States, and the citizens of Palau volunteer for such service at a rate that exceeds that of any of the 50 States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.021 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4144 June 15, 2015 
(7) In 2009, in accordance with section 432 
of the Compact, the United States and Palau reviewed their overall relationship. In 2010, the two nations signed an agreement updat-ing and extending several provisions of the Compact including an extension of United States financial and program assistance to Palau, and the establishment of increased immigration protections in the wake of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. How-ever, the United States has not yet approved this agreement or provided the assistance called for in the agreement. 
(8) On July 1, 2013 the Secretary of the In-
terior, the Secretary of State, and the Sec-retary Defense submitted to the Senate pro-posed legislation to approve the agreement described in paragraph (7) and included an analysis of the budgetary impact of the pro-posed legislation. The letter transmitting the proposed legislation concluded that ‘‘[a]pproving the results of the Agreement is of import to the national security of the United States, to our bilateral relationship with Palau and to our broader strategic in-terest in the Asia-Pacific region’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) in order to fulfill the promises and com-
mitment of the United States to our ally, the Republic of Palau, and reaffirm the spe-cial relationship between the United States and Palau, Congress and the President should place a top priority on the approval of and full funding for the agreement signed by the United States and Palau in 2010; and 
(2) Congress and the President should im-
mediately seek a mutually acceptable means of funding the legislation proposed to imple-ment the agreement. 
SA 2022. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 565. REPORTING ON ALLEGATIONS OF 
CHILD ABUSE IN MILITARY FAMI-LIES AND HOMES. 
(a) R EPORTS TO FAMILY ADVOCACY PROGRAM  
OFFICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The following information 
shall be reported immediately to the Family Advocacy Program office at the military in-stallation to which the member of the Armed Forces concerned is assigned: 
(A) Credible information (which may in-
clude a reasonable belief), obtained by any 
individual within the chain of command of the member, that a child in the family or home of the member has suffered an incident of child abuse. 
(B) Information, learned by a member of 
the Armed Forces engaged in a profession or activity described in subsection (b) of sec-tion 226 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13031) for members of the Armed Forces and their dependents, that gives reason to suspect that a child in the family or home of the member has suffered an incident of child abuse. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of De-
fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity (with respect to the Navy when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall jointly prescribe regulations to carry out this subsection. (3) C
HILD ABUSE DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘child abuse’’ has the meaning given that term in subsection (c) of section 226 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
(b) R
EPORTS TO STATE CHILD WELFARE  
SERVICES .—Section 226 of the Victims of 
Child Abuse Act of 1990 (title II of Public Law 101–647; 104 Stat. 4806; 42 U.S.C. 13031) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘ and to 
the agency or agencies provided for in sub-section (e), if applicable’’ before the period; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTERS AND RECIPIENT OF REPORT  
INVOLVING CHILDREN AND HOMES OF MEMBER  
OF THE ARMED FORCES .— 
‘‘(1) R ECIPIENTS OF REPORTS .—In the case of 
an incident described in subsection (a) in-volving a child in the family or home of member of the Armed Forces (regardless of whether the incident occurred on or off a military installation), the report required by subsection (a) shall be made to the appro-priate child welfare services agency or agen-cies of the State in which the child resides. The Attorney General, the Secretary of De-fense, and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity (with respect to the Navy when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall jointly, in consultation with the chief execu-tive officers of the States, designate the child welfare service agencies of the States that are appropriate recipients of reports pursuant to this subsection. Any report on an incident pursuant to this subsection is in addition to any other report on the incident pursuant to this section. 
‘‘(2) M
AKERS OF REPORTS .—For purposes of 
the making of reports under this section pur-suant to this subsection, the persons engaged in professions and activities described in subsection (b) shall include members of the Armed Forces who are engaged in such pro-fessions and activities for members of the Armed Forces and their dependents.’’. 
SA 2023. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO ENGAGE 
UNITED STATES MANUFACTURERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS IN PRO-CUREMENT OPPORTUNITIES RE-LATED TO EQUIPPING THE AFGHAN NATIONAL SECURITY FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Secretary to engage United States manufacturers and service providers in procurement opportunities related to equipping the Afghan National Security Forces. 
SA 2024. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1257. REPORT ON EUROPEAN ENERGY SECU-
RITY AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION’S ABILITY TO USE ENERGY SUPPLIES AS TOOLS OF COERCION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port assessing the energy security of NATO members, other European nations who share a border with the Russian Federation, and Moldova, as well as the ability of the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation to use en-ergy supplies to undermine the security of these nations. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include assessments of the following issues: 
(1) The extent of reliance by these nations 
on the Russian Federation for supplies of oil and natural gas. 
(2) The ability of the Government of the 
Russian Federation to use these energy sup-plies as tools of coercion or intimidation to undermine the security of these nations. 
(3) Whether such reliance by these nations 
creates vulnerabilities that negatively affect their security. 
(4) The magnitude of those vulnerabilities. (5) The impacts of those vulnerabilities on 
the national security and economic interests of the United States. 
(6) Any other aspect that the Director de-
termines to be relevant to these issues. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2025. Mr. NELSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle H of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 593. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE 
DISTINGUISHED-SERVICE CROSS FOR ACTS OF EXTRAORDINARY HER-OISM DURING THE KOREAN WAR. 
Notwithstanding the time limitations 
specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain med-als to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Distinguished-Service Cross under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.022 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4145 June 15, 2015 
section 3742 of such title to Edward Halcomb 
who, while serving in Korea as a member of the United States Army in the grade of Pri-vate First Class in Company B, 1st Bat-talion, 29th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division, distinguished himself by acts of ex-traordinary heroism from August 20, 1950, to October 19, 1950, during the Korean War. 
SA 2026. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . BONUSES FOR COST-CUTTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4512 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification of surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority’’ after ‘‘mismanagement’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or iden-
tification’’ after ‘‘disclosure’’; and 
(C) in the matter following paragraph (2), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification’’ after ‘‘dis-closure’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) The Inspector General of an agency or 
other agency employee designated under subsection (b) shall refer to the Chief Finan-cial Officer of the agency any potential sur-plus funds or unnecessary budget authority identified by an employee, along with any recommendations of the Inspector General or other agency employee. 
‘‘(d)(1) If the Chief Financial Officer of an 
agency determines that rescission of poten-tial surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority identified by an employee would not hinder the effectiveness of the agency, ex-cept as provided in subsection (e), the head of the agency shall transfer the amount of the surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority from the applicable appropriations account to the general fund of the Treasury. 
‘‘(2) Any amounts transferred under para-
graph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, except that in the case of a fiscal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
‘‘(e) The head of an agency may retain not 
more than 10 percent of amounts to be trans-ferred to the general fund of the Treasury under subsection (d) for the purpose of pay-ing a cash award under subsection (a) to the employee who identified the surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority. 
‘‘(f)(1) The head of each agency shall sub-
mit to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management an annual report regarding— 
‘‘(A) each disclosure of possible fraud, 
waste, or mismanagement or identification of potentially surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority by an employee of the agency determined by the agency to have merit; 
‘‘(B) the total savings achieved through 
disclosures and identifications described in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the number and amount of cash 
awards by the agency under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2)(A) The head of each agency shall in-
clude the information described in paragraph (1) in each budget request of the agency sub-mitted to the Office of Management and 
Budget as part of the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Per-
sonnel Management shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Govern-ment Accountability Office an annual report on Federal cost saving and awards based on the reports submitted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(g) The Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of 
each agency complies with this section; and 
‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-
cation indicating whether the cash award program of each agency complies with this section. 
‘‘(h) Not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, and every 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the operation of the cost savings and awards program under this section, in-cluding any recommendations for legislative changes. 
‘‘(i) In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘effectiveness of an agency’ 
means the ability of an agency to fully carry out the mission of the agency, or of a pro-gram or activity of the agency, under the statutes establishing the mission, duties, and authorities of the agency, or under the program or activity; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘unnecessary budget author-
ity’ means budget authority that is not nec-essary to fully carry out the mission of an agency, or of a program or activity of the agency, under the statutes establishing the mission, duties, and authorities of the agen-cy, or under the program or activity.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS ELIGIBLE FOR CASHAWARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4509 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘agency’— 
‘‘(1) has the meaning given that term 
under section 551(1); and 
‘‘(2) includes an entity described in section 
4501(1). 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—An officer may not re-
ceive a cash award under this subchapter if the officer— 
‘‘(1) serves in a position at level I of the 
Executive Schedule; 
‘‘(2) is the head of an agency; or ‘‘(3) is a commissioner, board member, or 
other voting member of an independent es-tablishment.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 45 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 4509 and inserting the following: 
‘‘4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers.’’. 
SA 2027. Mr. PETERS (for himself, 
Mr. D AINES , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 573. REPORT ON CERTAIN APPLICATIONS 
FOR UPGRADE IN DISCHARGE STA-TUS FROM THE ARMED FORCES BASED ON POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER OR TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the number of former members of the Armed Forces who applied for an upgrade in discharge status between September 3, 2009, and September 3, 2014, on the basis of post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. The re-port shall set forth the following: 
(1) The number of applications in which 
the member concerned was wounded or in-jured in military service and received a dis-charge on other than honorable conditions. 
(2) The number of applications for which 
relief was granted. 
SA 2028. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1614. REPORT ON FEASIBILITY, COSTS, AND 
COST SAVINGS OF ALLOWING FOR COMMERCIAL APPLICATIONS OF EX-CESS BALLISTIC MISSILE SOLID ROCKET MOTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report assessing— 
(1) the feasibility of permitting excess bal-
listic missile solid rocket motors, including excess ballistic missile solid rocket motors from the Minotaur launch vehicle, to be made available for commercial applications, including an assessment of any policy or statutory restrictions that would prevent the use of such motors for commercial appli-cations; 
(2) the costs to the Federal Government of, 
and the cost savings for the Federal Govern-ment anticipated to result from, making such motors available for commercial appli-cations; 
(3) the effects of making such motors 
available for commercial applications on programs of the Federal Government; 
(4) any implications of making such mo-
tors available for commercial applications for the international obligations of the United States; 
(5) any implications for the United States 
commercial launch market and launch in-dustrial base of making such motors avail-able for commercial applications; and 
(6) considerations for fair and equitable 
pricing of such motors if such motors were made available for commercial applications. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.023 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4146 June 15, 2015 
(1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2029. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. ALTERNATIVE FUEL VEHICLES. 
Section 32906(a) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or (F)’’ after ‘‘described in subparagraph (E)’’. 
SA 2030. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2815. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COORDINA-
TION OF HUNTING, FISHING, AND OTHER RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES ON MILITARY LAND. 
It is the sense of Congress that, in situa-
tions where military lands are open to public access for hunting, fishing, and other rec-reational activities, the Department of De-fense should seek to ensure that coordina-tion with State fish and wildlife managers, tribes, and local governments occurs suffi-ciently in advance of traditional hunting, fishing, and recreational use seasons to fa-cilitate communication with hunting, fish-ing, and recreational user groups. 
SA 2031. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COORDI-
NATING MILITARY TRAINING EXER-CISES WITH FISHERIES. 
It is the Sense of Congress that the Office 
of the Secretary of Defense, or through its designee, should notify and consider com-ments from the National Marine Fisheries Service, affected state and tribal fisheries management agencies, and appropriate fish-ing user groups as early as is reasonably 
practicable when scheduling and selecting a location for training exercises to minimize the impact on subsistence, sport and com-mercial fisheries and to ensure the long term health and availability of fish species and stocks 
SA 2032. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE EASING OF 
RESTRICTIONS ON THE SALE OF LE-THAL MILITARY EQUIPMENT TO THE GOVERNMENT OF VIETNAM. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) Vietnam is an important emerging part-
ner with which the United States increas-ingly shares strategic and economic inter-ests, including improving bilateral and mul-tilateral capacity for humanitarian assist-ance and disaster relief, upholding the prin-ciples of freedom of the seas and peaceful resolution of international disputes, strengthening an open regional trading order, and maintaining a favorable balance of power in the Asia-Pacific region; 
(2) the Government of Vietnam has re-
cently taken modest but encouraging steps to improve its human rights record, includ-ing signing the United Nations Convention Against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, adopt-ed by the United Nations General Assembly December 10, 1984, increasing registrations for places of worship, taking greater action to combat human trafficking, reviewing the Criminal Code, and continuing to conduct high-level engagement with the United States and international human rights non- governmental organizations; 
(3) in light of growing challenges in the 
Asia-Pacific region and some steps by the Government of Vietnam to improve its human rights record, in 2014 the Department of State, in close consultation with the United States Senate, took steps to ease the United States prohibition on the sale of le-thal military equipment to Vietnam for mar-itime and costal defense; 
(4) easing the prohibition on the sale of le-
thal military equipment to Vietnam at this time, solely regarding platforms that facili-tate the ability of the armed forces of Viet-nam to operate more effectively on, above, and within its territorial waters and for coastal defense, would further United States national security interests, but steps beyond this to ease further the prohibition would re-quire the Government of Vietnam to take significant additional and sustained steps to protect human rights, including releases of prisoners of conscience and legal reforms; 
(5) the United States Government should 
continue to support civil society in Vietnam, including advocates for religious freedom, press freedom, and labor rights who seek to use peaceful means to build a strong and prosperous Vietnam that respects human rights and the rule of law; and 
(6) the United States Government should 
continue to engage the Government of Viet-nam in a high-level dialogue and specify what steps on human rights would be nec-essary for the Government of Vietnam to 
take in order to continue strengthening the bilateral relationship. 
SA 2033. Mr. CORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
DIVISION E—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
SEC. 5001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-
ment of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 5002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of State. 
(3) P EACEKEEPING CREDITS .—The term 
‘‘peacekeeping credits’’ means the amounts by which United States assessed peace-keeping contributions exceed actual expendi-tures, apportioned to the United States, of peacekeeping operations by the United Na-tions during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of State. 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
AUTHORITIES AND ACTIVITIES 
Subtitle A—Basic Authorities and Activities 
SEC. 5101. AMERICAN SPACES REVIEW. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes— 
(1) the full costs incurred by the Depart-
ment to provide American Spaces, includ-ing— 
(A) American Centers, American Corners, 
Binational Centers, Information Resource Centers, and Science Centers; and 
(B) the total costs of all associated— (i) employee salaries, including foreign 
service, American civilian, and locally em-ployed staff; 
(ii) programming expenses; (iii) operating expenses; (iv) contracting expenses; and (v) security expenses; (2) a breakdown of the total costs described 
in paragraph (1) by each space and type of space; 
(3) the total fees collected for entry to, or 
the use of, American Spaces and related re-sources, including a breakdown by the type of fee for each space and type of space; and 
(4) the total usage rates, including by type 
of service, for each space and type of space. 
SEC. 5102. IDENTIFYING BILATERAL INVESTMENT 
TREATY OPPORTUNITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.023 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4147 June 15, 2015 
State, in consultation with the United 
States Trade Representative, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that includes a detailed description of— 
(1) the status of all ongoing investment 
treaty negotiations, including a strategy and timetable for concluding each such negotia-tion; 
(2) a strategy to expand the investment 
treaty agenda, including through— 
(A) launching new investment treaty nego-
tiations with foreign partners that are cur-rently capable of entering into such negotia-tions; and 
(B) building the capacity of foreign part-
ners to enter into such negotiations, includ-ing by encouraging the adoption of best prac-tices with respect to investment; and 
(3) an estimate of any resources that will 
be needed, including anticipated staffing lev-els— 
(A) to conclude all ongoing negotiations 
described in paragraph (1); 
(B) to launch new investment treaty nego-
tiations, as described in paragraph (2)(A); and 
(C) to build the capacity of foreign part-
ners, as described in paragraph (2)(B). 
SEC. 5103. REINSTATEMENT OF HONG KONG RE-
PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary shall submit the report required under section 301 of the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 5731) to the appropriate congressional committees. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—The report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) should be unclas-sified and made publicly available, including through the Department’s public website. 
(c) T
REATMENT OF HONG KONG UNDER  
UNITED STATES LAW.— 
(1) S ECRETARY OF STATE CERTIFICATION RE -
QUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall certify to Congress whether Hong Kong Spe-cial Administrative Region is sufficiently autonomous to justify different treatment for its citizens from the treatment accorded to other citizens of the People’s Republic of China in any new laws, agreements, treaties, or arrangements entered into between the United States and Hong Kong after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) F
ACTOR FOR CONSIDERATION .—In making 
a certification under subparagraph (A), the Secretary should consider the terms, obliga-tions, and expectations expressed in the Joint Declaration with respect to Hong Kong. 
(C) E
XCEPTION .—A certification shall not 
be required under this subsection with re-spect to any new laws, agreements, treaties, or arrangements that support human rights, rule of law, or democracy in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. 
(2) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary— 
(A) determines that such a waiver is in the 
national interests of the United States; and 
(B) on or before the date on which such 
waiver would take effect, submits a notice of, and justification for, the waiver to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 5104. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY 
COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate an existing Federal officer to coordinate efforts to se-
cure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism. For purposes of car-rying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such officer shall have the title of ‘‘Inter-agency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have 
the following duties: 
(A) Coordinate and direct all activities of 
the Federal Government relating to each hostage situation described in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to secure the release of all hostages in the hostage situation are prop-erly resourced and correct lines of authority are established and maintained. 
(B) Establish and direct a fusion cell con-
sisting of appropriate personnel of the Fed-eral Government with purview over each hostage situation described in paragraph (1). 
(C) Develop a strategy to keep family 
members of hostages described in paragraph (1) informed of the status of such hostages and inform such family members of updates, procedures, and policies that do not com-promise the national security of the United States. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity of the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator shall be limited to hostage cases outside the United States. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the 
Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the members of Congress described in paragraph (2) a re-port that includes a summary of each hos-tage situation described in sub-section (a)(1) and efforts to secure the release of all hos-tages in such hostage situation. 
(2) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS DESCRIBED .—The 
members of Congress described in this sub-paragraph are, with respect to a United States person hostage covered by a report under paragraph (1), the Senators rep-resenting the State, and the Member, Dele-gate, or Resident Commissioner of the House of Representatives representing the district, where a hostage described in subjection (a)(1) resides. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report under 
this subsection may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified form. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as author-izing the Federal Government to negotiate with a state sponsor of terrorism or an orga-nization that the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or any other hos-tage-takers. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H OSTILE GROUP .—The term ‘‘hostile 
group’’ means— 
(A) a group that is designated as a foreign 
terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); 
(B) a group that is engaged in armed con-
flict with the United States; or 
(C) any other group that the President de-
termines to be a hostile group for purposes of this paragraph. 
(2) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The 
term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’— 
(A) means a country the government of 
which the Secretary has determined, for pur-poses of section 6(j) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979, section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other pro-vision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism; and 
(B) includes North Korea. SEC. 5105. UNITED STATES-CHINA STRATEGIC 
AND ECONOMIC DIALOGUE REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and in consultation with other departments and agencies, as ap-propriate, shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the United States- 
China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Dialogue’’); and 
(2) submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that contains the findings of such review. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a list of all commitments agreed to by 
the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings; 
(2) an assessment of the status of each 
commitment agreed to by the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings, including a detailed description of— 
(A) any actions that have been taken with 
respect to such commitments; 
(B) any aspects of such commitments that 
remain unfulfilled; and 
(C) any actions that remain necessary to 
fulfill any unfulfilled commitments de-scribed in subparagraph (B); 
(3) an assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling sig-nificant commitments on United States pri-orities in the bilateral relationship, includ-ing— 
(A) the security situation in the East and 
South China Seas, including a peaceful reso-lution of maritime disputes in the region; 
(B) denuclearization of the Korean Penin-
sula; 
(C) cybertheft of United States intellectual 
property; 
(D) the treatment of political dissidents, 
media representatives, and ethnic and reli-gious minorities; 
(E) reciprocal treatment of United States 
journalists and academics in China, includ-ing issuance of visas; 
(F) expanding investment and trade oppor-
tunities for United States businesses; 
(G) repatriation of North Korean refugees 
from China to North Korea; and 
(H) promoting and protecting rule of law 
and democratic institutions in Hong Kong; and 
(4) recommendations for enhancing the ef-
fectiveness of the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling significant commitments on United States priorities described in paragraph (3), including consideration of the use of pre-determined benchmarks for assessing wheth-er the commitments achieved are signifi-cantly furthering such priorities. 
SEC. 5106. REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA-
TIONS IN BURMA. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) describes in detail all known widespread 
or systematic civil or political rights viola-tions, including violations that may con-stitute crimes against humanity against eth-nic, racial, or religious minorities in Burma, including the Rohingya people; and 
(2) provides recommendations for holding 
perpetrators of the violations described in paragraph (1) accountable for their actions. 
SEC. 5107. COMBATING ANTI-SEMITISM. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-
priated for Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams, $500,000 shall be made available to the Bureau for Democracy, Human Rights, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4148 June 15, 2015 
Labor, to be used in support of efforts by 
American and European Jewish and other civil society organizations, focusing on youth, to combat anti-Semitism and other forms of religious, ethnic, or racial intoler-ance in Europe. 
SEC. 5108. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS. 
Title I of the State Department Basic Au-
thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 63. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS AUTHOR-
IZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
is authorized to support, through grants, co-operative agreements, contracts, outreach, and public diplomacy activities, activities promoting the benefits of agricultural bio-technology, biofuels, science-based regu-latory systems, and the application of such technologies for trade and development. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of 
grants provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 5109. DEFINITION OF ‘‘USE’’ IN PASSPORT 
AND VISA OFFENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 1541 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1540. DEFINITION OF ‘USE’ AND ‘USES’. 
‘‘In this chapter, the terms ‘use’ and ‘uses’ 
shall be given their plain meaning, which shall include use for identification pur-poses.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 75 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 1541 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘1540. Definition of ‘use’ and ‘uses’.’’. 
SEC. 5110. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FELLOW-
SHIPS. 
Section 504 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C. 2656d) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
RELATED TO SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FEL-
LOWSHIP PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to provide grants or enter into coopera-tive agreements for science and technology fellowship programs of the Department of State. 
‘‘(2) R
ECRUITMENT ; STIPENDS .—Assistance 
authorized under paragraph (1) may be used— 
‘‘(A) to recruit fellows; and ‘‘(B) to pay stipends, travel, and other ap-
propriate expenses to fellows. 
‘‘(3) C
LASSIFICATION OF STIPENDS .—Stipends 
paid under paragraph (2)(B) shall not be con-sidered compensation for purposes of section 209 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of as-
sistance provided under this subsection may not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 5111. NAME CHANGES. 
(a) P UBLIC LAW87–195.—Section 607(d) of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2357(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and Inter-national Environmental and Scientific Af-fairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC LAW88–206.—Section 617(a) of 
the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7671p(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(c) P
UBLIC LAW93–126.—Section 9(a) of the 
Department of State Appropriations Author-ization Act of 1973 (22 U.S.C. 2655a) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Oceans and 
International Environmental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Oceans, Environment, and Science’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of 
State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(d) P
UBLIC LAW106–113.—Section 1112(a) of 
the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Dono-van Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 (22 U.S.C. 2652c(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Verification and Compliance.’’ and inserting ‘‘Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Secretary’).’’. 
SEC. 5112. ANTI-PIRACY INFORMATION SHARING. 
The Secretary is authorized to provide for 
the participation of the United States in the Information Sharing Centre located in Singapore, as established by the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Pi-racy and Armed Robbery Against Ships in Asia, done at Singapore November 11, 2004. 
SEC. 5113. REPORT REFORM. 
(a) H UMAN RIGHTS REPORT .—Section 549 of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347h) is repealed. 
(b) R
OUGH DIAMONDS ANNUAL REPORT .— 
Section 12 of the Clean Diamond Trade Act (19 U.S.C. 3911) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12. REPORTS. 
‘‘For each country that, during the pre-
ceding 12-month period, exported rough dia-monds to the United States, the exportation of which was not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, and if the failure to do so has significantly increased the likelihood that those diamonds not so controlled are being imported into the United States, the President shall submit a semi-annual report to Congress that explains what actions have been taken by the United States or such country since the previous re-port to ensure that diamonds, the expor-tation of which was not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, are not being imported from that country into the United States. A country shall be included in the report required under this section until the country is controlling the importation and exportation of rough dia-monds through the Kimberley Process Cer-tification Scheme.’’. 
SEC. 5114. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES ALLIANCE WITH JAPAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the alliance between the United States 
and Japan is a cornerstone of peace, secu-rity, and stability in the Asia-Pacific region and around the world; 
(2) Prime Minister Shiuzo Abe’s visit to 
the United States in April 2015 and historic address to a Joint Session of Congress sym-bolized the strength and importance of ties between the United States and Japan; 
(3) in 2015, which marks 70 years since the 
end of World War II, the United States and Japan continue to strengthen the alliance and work together to ensure a peaceful and prosperous future for the Asia-Pacific region and the world; 
(4) the Governments and people of the 
United States and Japan share values, inter-ests, and capabilities that have helped to build a strong rules-based international order, based on a commitment to rules, norms and institutions; 
(5) the revised Guidelines for United 
States-Japan Defense Cooperation and Ja-pan’s policy of ‘‘Proactive Contribution to Peace’’ will reinforce deterrence, update the roles and missions of the United States and Japan, enable Japan to expand its contribu-tions to regional and global security, and allow the United States Government and the Government of Japan to enhance coopera-
tion on security issues in the region and be-yond; 
(6) the United States remain resolute in its 
commitments under the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the ad-ministration of Japan; 
(7) although the United States Government 
does not take a position on the ultimate sov-ereignty of the Senkaku Islands, the United States Government acknowledges that they are under the administration of Japan and opposes any unilateral actions that would seek to undermine such administration; 
(8) the United States Government reaf-
firms that the unilateral actions of a third party will not affect the United States ac-knowledgment of the administration of Japan over the Senkaku Islands; 
(9) the United States Government and the 
Government of Japan continue to work to-gether on common security interests, includ-ing to confront the threat posed by the nu-clear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; 
(10) the United States Government and the 
Government of Japan remain committed to ensuring maritime security and respect for international law, including freedom of navi-gation and overflight; and 
(11) the United States Government and the 
Government of Japan continue to oppose the use of coercion, intimidation, or force to change the status quo, including in the East and South China Seas. 
SEC. 5115. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DE-
FENSE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RE-PUBLIC OF INDIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The United States has an upgraded, 
strategic-plus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science co-operation, and defense cooperation. 
(2) The defense relationship between the 
United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to democracy. 
(3) The United States and the Republic of 
India share a common and long-standing commitment to civilian control of the mili-tary. 
(4) The United States and the Republic of 
India have increasingly worked together on defense cooperation across a range of activi-ties, exercises, initiatives, and research. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to expand defense cooperation 
with the Republic of India; 
(2) welcome the role of the Republic of 
India in providing security and stability in the Indo-Pacific region and beyond; 
(3) work cooperatively with the Republic of 
India on matters relating to our common de-fense; 
(4) vigorously support the implementation 
of the United States-India Defense Frame-work Agreement; and 
(5) support the India Defense Trade and 
Technology Initiative. 
SEC. 5116. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES ALLIANCE WITH THE RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the alliance between the United States 
and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, in the Asia-Pacific region, and around the world; 
(2) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to strengthen and adapt the bilateral, regional, and global scope of the comprehensive strategic alliance between the 2 nations, to serve as a linchpin of peace 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4149 June 15, 2015 
and stability in the Asia-Pacific region, rec-
ognizing the shared values of democracy, human rights, free and open markets, and the rule of law, as reaffirmed in the May 2013 ‘‘Joint Declaration in Commemoration of the 60th Anniversary of the Alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States of America’’; 
(3) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to broaden and deepen the al-liance by strengthening the combined de-fense posture on the Korean Peninsula, en-hancing mutual security based on the Repub-lic of Korea-United States Mutual Defense Treaty, and promoting cooperation for re-gional and global security in the 21st cen-tury; 
(4) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share deep concerns that the nuclear, cyber, and ballistic missiles programs of North Korea and its repeated provocations pose grave threats to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia and recognize that both nations are deter-mined to achieve the peaceful denuclearization of North Korea and remain fully committed to continuing close coopera-tion on the full range of issues related to North Korea; 
(5) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea are particularly concerned that the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of North Korea, including North Korean efforts 
to miniaturize their nuclear technology and improve the mobility of their ballistic mis-siles, have gathered significant momentum and are poised to expand in the coming years; 
(6) the Republic of Korea has made 
progress in enhancing future warfighting and interoperability capabilities by taking steps toward procuring Patriot Advanced Capa-bility missiles, F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Aircraft, and RQ–4 Global Hawk Surveillance Aircraft; 
(7) the United States supports the vision of 
a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully re-united on the basis of democratic and free market principles, as articulated in Presi-dent Park’s address in Dresden, Germany; and 
(8) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share the future interests of both na-tions in securing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia. 
SEC. 5117. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE RELA-
TIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— 
(1) the United States policy toward Taiwan 
is based upon the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), which was enacted in 1979, and the Six Assurances given by President Ronald Reagan in 1982; 
(2) provision of defensive weapons to Tai-
wan should continue as mandated in the Tai-wan Relations Act; and 
(3) enhanced trade relations with Taiwan 
should be pursued to mutually benefit the citizens of both countries. 
SEC. 5118. REPORT ON POLITICAL FREEDOM IN 
VENEZUELA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that includes— 
(1) an assessment of the support provided 
by the United States to the people of Ven-ezuela in their aspiration to live under con-ditions of peace and representative democ-racy (as defined by the Inter-American Democratic Charter of the Organization of American States, done at Lima September 11, 2001); 
(2) an assessment of work carried out by 
the United States, in cooperation with the other member states of the Organization of American States and countries of the Euro-
pean Union, to ensure— 
(A) the peaceful resolution of the current 
political situation in Venezuela; and 
(B) the immediate cessation of violence 
against antigovernment protestors; 
(3) a list of the government and security 
officials in Venezuela who— 
(A) are responsible for, or complicit in, the 
use of force in relation to antigovernment protests and similar acts of violence; and 
(B) have had their financial assets in the 
United States frozen or been placed on a visa ban by the United States; and 
(4) an assessment of United States support 
for the development of democratic political processes and independent civil society in Venezuela. 
SEC. 5119. STRATEGY FOR THE MIDDLE EAST IN 
THE EVENT OF A COMPREHENSIVE NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
State shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, other members of the Na-tional Security Council, and the heads of other appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government, develop a strategy for the United States for the Middle East in the event of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy shall include 
the following: 
(1) Efforts to counter Iranian-sponsored 
terrorism in Middle East region. 
(2) Efforts to reassure United States allies 
and partners in Middle East. 
(3) Efforts to address the potential for a 
conventional or nuclear arms race in the Middle East. 
(c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 60 days after entering into a com-prehensive nuclear agreement with Iran, the Secretary shall submit the strategy devel-oped under subsection (a) to— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 5120. DEPARTMENT OF STATE INTER-
NATIONAL CYBERSPACE POLICY STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall produce a com-prehensive strategy, with a classified annex if necessary, relating to United States inter-national policy with regard to cyberspace. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required in 
subsection (a) shall include: 
(1) A review of actions and activities un-
dertaken by the Secretary of State to date to support the goal of the President’s Inter-national Strategy for Cyberspace, released in May 2011, to ‘‘work internationally to pro-mote an open, interoperable, secure, and reli-able information and communications infra-structure that supports international trade and commerce, strengthens international se-curity, and fosters free expression and inno-
vation’’. 
(2) A plan of action to guide the Sec-
retary’s diplomacy with regard to nation- states, including conducting bilateral and multilateral activities to develop the norms of responsible international behavior in cyberspace, and status review of existing dis-cussions in multilateral fora to obtain agree-ments on international norms in cyberspace. 
(3) A review of the alternative concepts 
with regard to international norms in cyber-space offered by other prominent nation- state actors, including China, Russia, Brazil, and India. 
(4) A detailed description of threats to 
United States national security in cyber-space from other nation-states, state-spon-
sored actors and private actors, to United States Federal and private sector infrastruc-ture, United States intellectual property, and the privacy of United States citizens. 
(5) A review of policy tools available to the 
President of United States to deter nation- states, state-sponsored actors, and private actors, including, but not limited to, those outlined in Executive Order 13694, released on April 1, 2015. 
(6) A review of resources required by the 
Secretary, including the Office of the Coordi-nator for Cyber Issues, to conduct activities to build responsible norms of international cyber behavior. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with other United States Govern-ment agencies, including the intelligence community, and, as appropriate, the United 
States private sector and United States non-governmental organizations with recognized credentials and expertise in foreign policy, national security, and cybersecurity. 
(d) R
ELEASE .—The Secretary shall publicly 
release the strategy required in subsection (a) and brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives upon its release, including on the clas-sified annex, should the strategy include such an annex. 
SEC. 5121. WAIVER OF FEES FOR RENEWAL OF IM-
MIGRANT VISA FOR ADOPTED CHILD IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS. 
Section 221(c) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(c)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
ERIOD OF VALIDITY ; RENEWAL OR RE-
PLACEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I MMIGRANT VISAS .—An immigrant visa 
shall be valid for such period, not exceeding 6 months, as shall be by regulations pre-scribed, except that any visa issued to a child lawfully adopted by a United States citizen and spouse while such citizen is serv-ing abroad in the United States Armed Forces, or is employed abroad by the United States Government, or is temporarily abroad on business, shall be valid until such time, for a period not to exceed 3 years, as the adoptive citizen parent returns to the United States in due course of his service, employ-ment, or business. 
‘‘(2) N
ONIMMIGRANT VISAS .—A non-
immigrant visa shall be valid for such peri-ods as shall be prescribed by regulations. In prescribing the period of validity of a non-immigrant visa in the case of nationals of any foreign country who are eligible for such visas, the Secretary of State shall, insofar as practicable, accord to such nationals the same treatment upon a reciprocal basis as such foreign country accords to nationals of the United States who are within a similar class, except that in the case of aliens who are nationals of a foreign country and who either are granted refugee status and firmly resettled in another foreign country or are granted permanent residence and residing in another foreign country, the Secretary of State may prescribe the period of validity of such a visa based upon the treatment grant-ed by that other foreign country to alien ref-ugees and permanent residents, respectively, in the United States. 
‘‘(3) V
ISA REPLACEMENT .—An immigrant 
visa may be replaced under the original num-ber during the fiscal year in which the origi-nal visa was issued for an immigrant who es-tablishes to the satisfaction of the consular officer that the immigrant— 
‘‘(A) was unable to use the original immi-
grant visa during the period of its validity because of reasons beyond his control and for which he was not responsible; 
‘‘(B) is found by a consular officer to be eli-
gible for an immigrant visa; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4150 June 15, 2015 
‘‘(C) pays again the statutory fees for an 
application and an immigrant visa. 
‘‘(4) F EE WAIVER .—If an immigrant visa was 
issued, on or after March 27, 2013, for a child who has been lawfully adopted, or who is coming to the United States to be adopted, by a United States citizen, any statutory im-migrant visa fees relating to a renewal or re-placement of such visa may be waived or, if already paid, may be refunded upon request, subject to such criteria as the Secretary of State may prescribe, if— 
‘‘(A) the immigrant child was unable to use 
the original immigrant visa during the pe-riod of its validity as a direct result of ex-traordinary circumstances, including the de-nial of an exit permit; and 
‘‘(B) if such inability was attributable to 
factors beyond the control of the adopting parent or parents and of the immigrant.’’. 
SEC. 5122. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ANTI-ISRAEL 
AND ANTI-SEMITIC INCITEMENT WITHIN THE PALESTINIAN AUTHOR-ITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the 1995 
Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, commonly referred to as Oslo II, specifically details that Israel and the Palestinian Authority shall ‘‘abstain from incitement, including hostile propaganda, against each other and, without derogating from the principle of freedom of expression, shall take legal measures to prevent such in-citement by any organizations, groups or in-dividuals within their jurisdiction’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
(1) expresses support and admiration for in-
dividuals and organizations working to en-courage cooperation between Israeli Jews and Palestinians, including— 
(A) Professor Mohammed Dajani Daoudi, 
who took students from al-Quds University in Jerusalem to visit Auschwitz in March 2014 only to return to death threats by fellow Palestinians and expulsion from his teach-er’s union; 
(B) the Israel Palestine Center for Re-
search and Information, the only joint Israeli-Palestinian public policy think-tank, 
(C) United Hatzalah, a nonprofit, fully vol-
unteer Emergency Medical Services organi-zation that, mobilizing volunteers who are religious or secular Jews, Arabs, Muslims, and Christians, provides EMS services to all people in Israel regardless of race, religion, or national origin; and 
(D) Breaking the Impasse, an apolitical 
initiative of Palestinian and Israeli business and civil society leaders who advocate for a two-state solution and an urgent diplomatic solution to the conflict; 
(2) reiterates strong condemnation of anti- 
Israel and anti-Semitic incitement in the Palestinian Authority as antithetical to the stated desire to achieve a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace settlement; and 
(3) urges President Abbas and Palestinian 
Authority officials to discontinue all official incitement that runs contrary to the deter-mination to put an end to decades of con-frontation. 
SEC. 5123. SUPPORT FOR THE SOVEREIGNTY, 
INDEPENDENCE, TERRITORIAL IN-TEGRITY, AND INVIOLABILITY OF POST-SOVIET COUNTRIES IN LIGHT OF RUSSIAN AGGRESSION AND IN-TERFERENCE. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress— 
(1) supports the sovereignty, independence, 
territorial integrity, and inviolability of post-Soviet countries within their inter-nationally recognized borders; 
(2) expresses deep concern over increas-
ingly aggressive actions by the Russian Fed-eration; 
(3) is committed to providing sufficient 
funding for the Bureau of European and Eur-asian Affairs of the Department of State to address subversive and destabilizing activi-
ties by the Russian Federation within post- Soviet countries; 
(4) supports robust engagement between 
the United States and post-Soviet countries through— 
(A) the promotion of strengthened people- 
to-people ties, including through educational and cultural exchange programs; 
(B) anticorruption assistance; (C) public diplomacy; (D) economic diplomacy; and (E) other democratic reform efforts; (5) encourages the President to further en-
hance nondefense cooperation and diplo-matic engagement with post-Soviet coun-tries; 
(6) condemns the subversive and desta-
bilizing activities undertaken by the Russian Federation within post-Soviet countries; 
(7) encourages enhanced cooperation be-
tween the United States and the European Union to promote greater Euro-Atlantic in-tegration, including through— 
(A) the enlargement of the European 
Union; and 
(B) the Open Door policy of the North At-
lantic Treaty Organization; 
(8) urges continued cooperation between 
the United States and the European Union to maintain sanctions against the Russian Fed-
eration until the Government of Russia has— 
(A) fully implemented all provisions of the 
Minsk agreements, done at Minsk September 5, 2014 and February 12, 2015; and 
(B) demonstrated respect for the territorial 
sovereignty of Ukraine; 
(9) calls on the member states of the Euro-
pean Union to extend the current sanctions regime against the Russian Federation; and 
(10) urges the consideration of additional 
sanctions if the Russian Federation continue to engage in subversive and destabilizing ac-tivities within post-Soviet countries. 
SEC. 5124. RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA REPORT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Russian Federation is waging a 
propaganda war against the United States and our allies; and 
(2) a successful strategy must be imple-
mented to counter the threat posed by Rus-sian propaganda. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually for the following 3 years, the Sec-retary, in consultation with appropriate Fed-eral officials, shall submit an unclassified re-port, with a classified annex, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives that contains a detailed analysis of— 
(1) the recent use of propaganda by the 
Government of Russia, including— 
(A) the forms of propaganda used, includ-
ing types of media and programming; 
(B) the principal countries and regions tar-
geted by Russian propaganda; and 
(C) the impact of Russian propaganda on 
such targets; 
(2) the response by United States allies, 
particularly European allies, to counter the threat of Russian propaganda; 
(3) the response by the United States to the 
threat of Russian propaganda; 
(4) the extent of the effectiveness of pro-
grams currently in use to counter Russian propaganda; 
(5) a strategy for improving the effective-
ness of such programs; 
(6) any additional authority needed to 
counter the threat of Russian propaganda; and (7) the additional funding needed to suc-
cessfully implement the strategy referred to in paragraph (5). 
SEC. 5125. APPROVAL OF EXPORT LICENCES AND 
LETTERS OF REQUEST TO ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT OF UKRAINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E XPORT LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— 
(A) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Sec-
retary shall submit to the specified congres-sional committees a detailed list of all ex-port license applications, including requests for marketing licenses, for the sale of de-fense articles and defense services to Ukraine. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The list submitted under 
subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) the date on which the application or re-
quest was first submitted; 
(ii) the current status of each application 
or request; and 
(iii) the estimated timeline for adjudica-
tion of such applications or requests. 
(C) P RIORITY .—The Secretary should give 
priority to processing the applications and requests included on the list submitted under subparagraph (A). 
(2) L
ETTERS OF REQUEST .—The Secretary 
shall submit to the specified congressional committees a detailed list of all pending Let-ters of Request for Foreign Military Sales to Ukraine, including— 
(A) the date on which each such letter was 
first submitted; 
(B) the current status of each such letter; 
and 
(C) the estimated timeline for the adju-
dication of each such letter. 
(b) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until the date set forth in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall submit a report to the specified con-gressional committees that describes the status of the applications, requests for mar-keting licenses, and Letters of Request de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(2) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The date set forth 
in this paragraph is the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the President cer-
tifies to Congress that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Government of Ukraine has been restored; or 
(B) the date that is 5 years after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘speci-
fied congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives; 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; and 
(4) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
Subtitle B—Additional Matters 
SEC. 5131. ATROCITIES PREVENTION BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President is au-
thorized to establish, within the Executive Office of the President, an Interagency Atrocities Prevention Board (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’). 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Board is authorized— 
(1) to coordinate an interagency approach 
to preventing mass atrocities; 
(2) to propose policies to integrate the 
early warning systems of national security agencies, including intelligence agencies, with respect to incidents of mass atrocities and to coordinate the policy response to such incidents; 
(3) to identify relevant Federal agencies, 
which shall track and report on Federal funding spent on atrocity prevention efforts; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4151 June 15, 2015 
(4) to oversee the development and imple-
mentation of comprehensive atrocities pre-vention and response strategies; 
(5) to identify available resources and pol-
icy options necessary to prevent the emer-
gence or escalation of mass atrocities; 
(6) to identify and propose policies to close 
gaps in expertise, readiness, and planning for atrocities prevention and early action across Federal agencies, including training for em-ployees at relevant Federal agencies; 
(7) to engage relevant civil society and 
nongovernmental organization stakeholders in regular consultations to solicit current in-formation on countries of concern; and 
(8) to conduct an atrocity-specific expert 
review of policy and programming of all countries at risk for mass atrocities. 
(c) L
EADERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall be headed 
by a Senior Director, who— 
(A) shall be appointed by the President; 
and 
(B) shall report to the Assistant to the 
President for National Security Affairs. 
(2) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Senior Director 
is authorized to have primary responsibility for— 
(A) recommending and, if adopted, pro-
moting United States Government policies on preventing mass atrocities; and 
(B) carrying out the duties described in 
subsection (b). 
(d) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-
posed of— 
(1) representatives from— (A) the Department of State; (B) the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development; 
(C) the Department of Defense; (D) the Department of Justice; (E) the Department of the Treasury; (F) the Department of Homeland Security; (G) the Central Intelligence Agency; (H) the Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence; 
(I) the United States Mission to the United 
Nations; and 
(J) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
and 
(2) such other individuals as the President 
may appoint. 
(e) C
OORDINATION .—The Board is authorized 
to coordinate with relevant officials and gov-ernment agencies responsible for foreign pol-icy with respect to particular regions and countries to help provide a cohesive, whole of government response and policy direction to emerging and ongoing atrocities. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a classified report, with an unclassified annex, which shall in-clude— 
(1) an update on the interagency review 
mandated by Presidential Study Directive 10 that includes— 
(A) an evaluation of current mechanisms 
and capacities for government-wide detec-tion, early warning, information-sharing, contingency planning, and coordination of efforts to prevent and respond to situations of genocide, mass atrocities, and other mass violence, including such mass gender- and ethnicity-based violence; 
(B) an assessment of the funding spent by 
relevant Federal agencies on atrocity pre-vention activities; 
(C) current annual global assessments of 
sources of conflict and instability; 
(D) recommendations to further strengthen 
United States capabilities to improve the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); and 
(E) evaluations of the various approaches 
to enhancing capabilities and improving the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); (2) recommendations to ensure burden 
sharing by— 
(A) improving international cooperation 
and coordination to enhance multilateral mechanisms for preventing genocide and atrocities, including improving the role of regional and international organizations in conflict prevention, mitigation, and re-sponse; and 
(B) strengthening regional organizations; 
and 
(3) the implementation status of the rec-
ommendations contained in the interagency review described in paragraph (1). 
(g) M
ATERIALS AND BRIEFINGS .—The Senior 
Director and the members of the Board shall brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives at least annually. 
(h) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be 
effective on June 30, 2017. 
SEC. 5132. UNITED STATES ENGAGEMENT IN THE 
INDO-PACIFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a com-prehensive assessment to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of the United States engage-ment in the Indo-Pacific, including with partners across the Indo-Pacific region. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a review of current and emerging 
United States diplomatic, national security, and economic interests and trends in the Indo-Pacific region; 
(2) a review of resources devoted to United 
States diplomatic, economic, trade, develop-ment, and cultural engagement and plans in the Indo-Pacific region during the 10-year pe-riod ending on the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(3) options for the realignment of United 
States engagement in the Indo-Pacific re-gion to respond to new opportunities and challenges, including linking United States strategy more broadly across the Indo-Pa-cific region; and 
(4) the views of noted policy leaders and re-
gional experts, including leaders and experts in the Indo-Pacific region, on the opportuni-ties and challenges to United States engage-ment across the Indo-Pacific region. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary, as ap-
propriate, shall consult with— 
(1) other United States Government agen-
cies; and 
(2) independent, nongovernmental organi-
zations with recognized credentials and ex-pertise in foreign policy, national security, and international economic affairs that have access to policy experts throughout the United States and from the Indo-Pacific re-gion. 
SEC. 5133. JOINT ACTION PLAN TO COMBAT PREJ-
UDICE AND DISCRIMINATION AND TO FOSTER INCLUSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to enter into a bilateral joint action plan with the European Union to combat prejudice and discrimination and to foster inclusion (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Joint Action Plan’’). 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF JOINT ACTION PLAN.—The 
Joint Action Plan shall— 
(1) address anti-Semitism; (2) address prejudice against, and the dis-
criminatory treatment of, racial, ethnic, and religious minorities; 
(3) promote equality of opportunity for ac-
cess to quality education and economic op-portunities; and 
(4) promote equal treatment by the justice 
system. (c) C
OOPERATION .—In developing the Joint 
Action Plan, the Secretary shall— 
(1) leverage interagency policy expertise in 
the United States and Europe; 
(2) develop partnerships among civil soci-
ety and private sector stakeholders; and 
(3) draw upon the extensive work done by 
the Organization for Security and Co-oper-ation in Europe to address anti-Semitism. 
(d) I
NITIATIVES .—The Joint Action Plan 
may include initiatives for promoting equal-ity of opportunity and methods of elimi-nating prejudice and discrimination based on religion, race, or ethnicity, including— 
(1) training programs; (2) regional initiatives to promote equality 
of opportunity through the strengthening of democratic institutions; 
(3) public-private partnerships with enter-
prises and nongovernmental organizations; 
(4) exchanges of technical experts; (5) scholarships and fellowships; and (6) political empowerment and leadership 
initiatives. 
(e) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall task an existing Deputy As-sistant Secretary with the responsibility for coordinating the implementation of the Joint Action Plan with his or her European Union counterpart. 
(f) L
EGAL EFFECTS .—Any Joint Action 
Plan adopted under this section— 
(1) shall not be legally binding; and (2) shall create no rights or obligations 
under international or United States law. 
(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize— 
(1) the Secretary to enter into a legally 
binding agreement or Joint Action Plan with the European Union; or 
(2) any additional appropriations for the 
purposes and initiatives described in this section. 
(h) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a progress report on the development of the Joint Ac-tion Plan to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 5134. REPORT ON DEVELOPING COUNTRY 
DEBT SUSTAINABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Treasury, shall submit a report containing an assessment of the current ex-ternal debt environment for developing countries and identifying particular near- term risks to debt sustainability to— 
(1) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Financial Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall assess— 
(1) the impact of new lending relationships, 
including the role of new creditors; 
(2) the adequacy of current multilateral 
surveillance mechanisms in guarding against debt distress in developing countries; 
(3) the ability of developing countries to 
borrow on global capital markets; and 
(4) the interaction between debt sustain-
ability objectives of the developing world and the development-oriented investment agenda of the G–20, including the impact of— 
(A) current debt sustainability objectives 
on investment in developing countries; and 
(B) investment objectives proposed by the 
G–20 on the ability to meet the goals of— 
(i) the Heavily Indebted Poor Country Ini-
tiative; and 
(ii) the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4152 June 15, 2015 
SEC. 5135. UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PRE-
VENT AND RESPOND TO GENDER- BASED VIOLENCE GLOBALLY. 
(a) G LOBAL STRATEGY REQUIREMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and biennially there-after for 6 years, the Secretary of State shall develop or update a United States global strategy to prevent and respond to violence against women and girls. The strategy shall be transmitted to the appropriate congres-sional committees and made publicly avail-able on the Internet. 
(b) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—For the purposes of 
this section, the ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Vio-lence Globally’’, issued in August 2012, shall be deemed to fulfill the initial requirement of subsection (a). 
(c) C
OLLABORATION AND COORDINATION .—In 
developing the strategy under subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with— 
(1) the heads of relevant Federal agencies; (2) the Senior Policy Operating Group on 
Trafficking in Persons; and 
(3) representatives of civil society and mul-
tilateral organizations with demonstrated experience in addressing violence against women and girls or promoting gender equal-ity internationally. 
(d) P
RIORITY COUNTRY SELECTION .—To fur-
ther the objectives of the strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall iden-tify no less than 4 eligible low-income and lower-middle income countries with signifi-cant levels of violence against women and girls, including within displaced commu-nities, that have the governmental or non-governmental organizational capacity to manage and implement gender-based vio-lence prevention and response program ac-tivities and should, when possible, be geo-graphically, ethnically, and culturally di-verse from one another. 
(e) C
OUNTRY PLANS .—In each country iden-
tified under subsection (d) the Secretary shall develop comprehensive, multisectoral, and holistic individual country plans de-signed to address and respond to violence against women and girls that include— 
(1) an assessment and description of the 
current or potential capacity of the govern-ment of each identified country and civil so-ciety organizations in each such identified country to address and respond to violence against women and girls; 
(2) an identification of coordination mech-
anisms with Federal agencies that— 
(A) have existing programs relevant to the 
strategy; 
(B) will be involved in new program activi-
ties; and 
(C) are engaged in broader United States 
strategies around development; 
(3) a description of the monitoring and 
evaluation mechanisms established for each identified country, and their intended use in assessing overall progress in prevention and response; 
(4) a projection of the general levels of re-
sources needed to achieve the stated objec-tives in each identified country, including an accounting of— 
(A) activities and funding already ex-
pended by the Department of State, the United States Agency for International De-velopment, other Federal agencies, donor country governments, and multilateral insti-tutions; and 
(B) leveraged private sector resources; and (5) strategies, as appropriate, designed to 
accommodate the needs of stateless, dis-abled, internally displaced, refugee, or reli-gious or ethnic minority women and girls. 
(f) R
EPORT ON PRIORITY COUNTRY SELECTION  
ANDCOUNTRY PLANS .—Not more than 90 days 
after selection of the priority countries re-quired under subsection (d), and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report detailing the priority coun-try selection process, the development of specific country plans, and include an over-view of all programming and specific activi-ties being undertaken, the budget resources requested, and the specific activities to be supported by each Executive agency under the strategy if such resources are provided. 
(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize any additional appropriations for the pur-poses and initiatives of this section. 
SEC. 5136. INTERNATIONAL CORRUPTION AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than June 1 
of each year, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘USAID Ad-ministrator’’), the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of appropriate intelligence agen-cies, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a Country Report on Cor-ruption Practices, with a classified annex, which shall include information about coun-tries for which a corruption analysis was conducted under subsection (b). 
(b) C
ORRUPTION ANALYSIS ELEMENTS .—The 
corruption analysis conducted under this subsection should include, among other ele-ments— 
(1) an analysis of individuals and associa-
tions that comprise corruption networks in the country, including, as applicable— 
(A) government officials; (B) private sector actors; (C) criminals; and (D) members of illegal armed groups; (2) the identification of the state functions 
that have been captured by corrupt networks in the country, including, as applicable func-tions of— 
(A) the judicial branch; (B) the taxing authority; (C) the central bank; and (D) specific military or police units; (3) the identification of— (A) the key economic activities, whether 
licit or illicit, which are dominated by mem-bers of the corrupt network; and 
(B) other revenue streams that enrich such 
members; and 
(4) the identification of enablers of corrupt 
practices, within the country and outside the country. 
(c) P
UBLICATION AND BRIEFINGS .—The Sec-
retary shall— 
(1) publish the Country Report on Corrup-
tion and Accountability submitted under subsection (a) on the website of the Depart-ment; and 
(2) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives on the information contained in the re-port published under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5137. QUADRENNIAL DIPLOMACY AND DE-
VELOPMENT REVIEW. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .— 
(1) Q UADRENNIAL REVIEWS REQUIRED .— 
Under the direction of the President, the Secretary of State shall every 4 years, dur-ing a year following a year evenly divisible by 4, conduct a review of United States di-plomacy and development (to be known as a ‘‘quadrennial diplomacy and development re-view’’). 
(2) S
COPE OF REVIEWS .—Each quadrennial 
diplomacy and development review shall be a comprehensive examination of the national diplomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework of the United States for the next 4-year period until a subsequent review is due under paragraph (1). The review shall include— (A) recommendations regarding the long- 
term diplomacy and development policy and strategic framework of the United States; 
(B) priorities of the United States for di-
plomacy and development; and 
(C) guidance on the related programs, as-
sets, capabilities, budget, policies, and au-thorities of the Department of State and United States Agency for International De-velopment. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting each 
quadrennial diplomacy and development re-view, after consultation with Department of State and United States Agency for Inter-national Development officials, the Sec-retary of State should consult with— 
(A) the heads of other relevant Federal 
agencies, including the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and the Director of National Intelligence; 
(B) any other Federal agency that provides 
foreign assistance, including at a minimum the Export-Import Bank of the United States and the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration; 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and, as ap-propriate, other members of Congress; and 
(D) other relevant governmental and non-
governmental entities, including private sec-tor representatives, academics, and other policy experts. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—Each quadren-
nial diplomacy and development review shall— 
(1) delineate, as appropriate, the national 
diplomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework of the United States, con-sistent with appropriate national, Depart-ment of State, and United States Agency for International Development strategies, stra-tegic plans, and relevant presidential direc-tives, including the national security strat-egy prescribed pursuant to section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404a); 
(2) outline and prioritize the full range of 
critical national diplomacy and development areas, capabilities, and resources, including 
those implemented across agencies, and ad-dress the full range of challenges confronting the United States in this regard; 
(3) describe the interagency cooperation, 
and preparedness of relevant Federal assets, and the infrastructure, budget plan, and other elements of the diplomacy and devel-opment policies and programs of the United States required to execute successfully the full range of mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); 
(4) describe the roles of international orga-
nizations and multilateral institutions in ad-vancing United States diplomatic and devel-opment objectives, including the mecha-nisms for coordinating and harmonizing de-velopment policies and programs with part-ner countries and among donors; 
(5) identify the budget plan required to 
provide sufficient resources to successfully execute the full range of mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); 
(6) include an assessment of the organiza-
tional alignment of the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development with the national di-plomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework referred to in paragraph (1) and the diplomacy and development mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4153 June 15, 2015 
(7) review and assess the effectiveness of 
the management mechanisms of the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development for executing the strategic priorities outlined in the quad-rennial diplomacy and development review, including the extent to which such effective-ness has been enhanced since the previous re-port; and 
(8) the relationship between the require-
ments of the quadrennial diplomacy and de-velopment review and the acquisition strat-egy and expenditure plan within the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development. 
(c) F
OREIGN AFFAIRS POLICY BOARD RE-
VIEW.—The Secretary of State should apprise 
the Foreign Affairs Policy Board on an ongo-ing basis of the work undertaken in the con-duct of the quadrennial diplomacy and devel-opment review. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize any additional appropriations for the pur-poses and initiatives under this section. 
SEC. 5138. DISAPPEARED PERSONS IN MEXICO, 
GUATEMALA, HONDURAS, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The United States— (A) values governance, security, and the 
rule of law in Mexico and Central America; and 
(B) has reemphasized its commitment to 
this region following the humanitarian crisis of unaccompanied children from these coun-tries across the international border between the United States and Mexico in 2014. 
(2) Individuals migrating from Central 
America to the United States face great peril during their journey. Many go missing along the way and are often never heard from again. 
(b) R
EPORT OF DISAPPEARED PERSONS .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary, in close consultation with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that includes— 
(1) the number of cases of enforced dis-
appearances in Mexico, Guatemala, Hon-duras, and El Salvador; 
(2) an assessment of causes for the dis-
appearances described in paragraph (1); 
(3) the primary individuals and groups re-
sponsible for such disappearances; and 
(4) the official government response in 
those countries to account for such dis-appeared persons. 
SEC. 5139. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION BY THE 
GOVERNMENT OF BAHRAIN OF REC-OMMENDATIONS FROM THE BAH-RAIN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION OF INQUIRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit an unclassified report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that describes the implementation by the Government of Bahrain of the rec-ommendations contained in the 2011 Report of the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Bahrain Report’’). 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a description of the specific steps taken 
by the Government of Bahrain to implement each of the 26 recommendations contained in the Bahrain Report; (2) an assessment of whether the Govern-
ment of Bahrain has ‘‘fully complied with’’, ‘‘partially implemented’’, or ‘‘not meaning-fully implemented’’ each recommendation referred to in paragraph (1); and 
(3) an assessment of the impact of the find-
ings in the Bahrain Report for the United States security posture in the Arab Gulf and the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command. 
SEC. 5140. REPORT ON UNITED STATES HUMANI-
TARIAN ASSISTANCE TO HAITI AND WHETHER RECENT ELECTIONS IN HAITI MEET INTERNATIONAL ELEC-TION STANDARDS. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 5(a) of the 
Assessing Progress in Haiti Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Section 5(b) of the Assessing 
Progress in Haiti Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) a determination of whether recent 
Haitian elections are free, fair and respon-sive to the people of Haiti; and 
‘‘(15) a description of any attempts to dis-
qualify candidates for political officers in Haiti for political reasons.’’. 
SEC. 5141. SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE IMPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS AGAINST THE DEMO-CRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Democratic People’s Republic of 
Korea (in this section referred to as the ‘‘DPRK’’) tested nuclear weapons on 3 sepa-rate occasions, in October 2006, in May 2009, and in February 2013. 
(2) Nuclear experts have reported that the 
DPRK may currently have as many as 20 nu-clear warheads and has the potential to pos-sess as many as 100 warheads within the next 5 years. 
(3) According to the 2014 Department of De-
fense report, ‘‘Military and Security Devel-opments Involving the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’’ (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘2014 DoD report’’), the DPRK has proliferated nuclear technology to Libya via the proliferation network of Paki-stani scientist A.Q. Khan. 
(4) According to the 2014 DoD report, 
‘‘North Korea also provided Syria with nu-clear reactor technology until 2007.’’. 
(5) On September 6, 2007, as part of ‘‘Oper-
ation Orchard’’, the Israeli Air Force de-stroyed the suspected nuclear facility in Syria. 
(6) According to the 2014 DoD report, 
‘‘North Korea has exported conventional and ballistic missile-related equipment, compo-nents, materials, and technical assistance to countries in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East.’’. 
(7) On November 29, 1987, DPRK agents 
planted explosive devices onboard Korean Air flight 858, which killed all 115 passengers and crew on board. 
(8) On March 26, 2010, the DPRK fired upon 
and sank the South Korean warship Cheonan, killing 46 of her crew. 
(9) On November 23, 2010, the DPRK shelled 
South Korea’s Yeonpyeong Island, killing 4 South Korean citizens. 
(10) On February 7, 2014, the United Na-
tions Commission of Inquiry on human rights in DPRK (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Commission of Inquiry’’) released a report detailing the atrocious human rights record of the DPRK. (11) Dr. Michael Kirby, Chair of the Com-
mission of Inquiry, stated on March 17, 2014, ‘‘The Commission of Inquiry has found sys-tematic, widespread, and grave human rights violations occurring in the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea. It has also found a disturbing array of crimes against humanity. These crimes are committed against inmates of political and other prison camps; against starving populations; against religious be-lievers; against persons who try to flee the country—including those forcibly repatri-ated by China.’’. 
(12) Dr. Michael Kirby also stated, ‘‘These 
crimes arise from policies established at the highest level of the State. They have been committed, and continue to take place in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, be-cause the policies, institutions, and patterns of impunity that lie at their heart remain in place. The gravity, scale, duration, and na-ture of the unspeakable atrocities com-mitted in the country reveal a totalitarian State that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world.’’. 
(13) The Commission of Inquiry also notes, 
‘‘Since 1950, the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea has engaged in the systematic abduction, denial of repatriation, and subse-quent enforced disappearance of persons from other countries on a large scale and as a matter of State policy. Well over 200,000 persons, including children, who were brought from other countries to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea may have become victims of enforced disappearance,’’ and states that the DPRK has failed to ac-count or address this injustice in any way. 
(14) According to reports and analysis from 
organizations such as the International Net-work for the Human Rights of North Korean Overseas Labor, the Korea Policy Research Center, NK Watch, the Asian Institute for Policy Studies, the Center for International and Strategic Studies, and the George W. Bush Institute, there may currently be as many as 100,000 North Korean overseas labor-ers in various nations around the world. 
(15) Such forced North Korean laborers are 
often subjected to harsh working conditions under the direct supervision of DPRK offi-cials, and their salaries contribute to any-where from $150,000,000 to $230,000,000 a year to the DPRK state coffers. 
(16) According to the Director of National 
Intelligence’s 2015 Worldwide Threat Assess-ment, ‘‘North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs pose a serious threat to the United States and to the security environ-ment in East Asia.’’. 
(17) The Worldwide Threat Assessment 
states, ‘‘North Korea has also expanded the size and sophistication of its ballistic missile forces, ranging from close-range ballistic missiles to ICBMs, while continuing to con-duct test launches. In 2014, North Korea launched an unprecedented number of bal-listic missiles.’’. 
(18) On December 19, 2015, the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation declared that the DPRK was responsible for a cyberattack on Sony Pictures conducted on November 24, 2014. 
(19) From 1988 to 2008, the DPRK was des-
ignated by the United States Government as a state sponsor of terrorism. 
(20) The DPRK is currently in violation of 
United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013). 
(21) The DPRK repeatedly violated agree-
ments with the United States and the other so-called Six-Party Talks partners (the Re-public of Korea, Japan, the Russian Federa-tion, and the People’s Republic of China) de-signed to halt its nuclear weapons program, while receiving significant concessions, in-cluding fuel, oil, and food aid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4154 June 15, 2015 
(22) The Six-Party Talks have not been 
held since December 2008. 
(23) On May 9, 2015, the DPRK claimed that 
it has test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the DPRK represents a serious threat to 
the national security of the United States and United States allies in East Asia and to international peace and stability, and gross-ly violates the human rights of its own peo-ple; 
(2) the Secretary of State and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should impose addi-tional sanctions against the DPRK, includ-ing targeting its financial assets around the world, specific designations relating to human rights abuses, and a redesignation of the DPRK as a state sponsor of terror; and 
(3) the President should not resume the ne-
gotiations with the DPRK, either bilaterally or as part of the Six-Party Talks, without strict preconditions, including that the DPRK— 
(A) adhere to its denuclearization commit-
ments outlined in the 2005 Joint Statement of the Six-Party Talks; 
(B) commit to halting its ballistic missile 
programs and its proliferation activities; 
(C) cease military provocations; and (D) measurably and significantly improve 
its human rights record. 
TITLE II—ORGANIZATION AND PER-
SONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
Subtitle A—Organizational Matters 
SEC. 5201. RIGHTSIZING ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receiving rightsizing recommendations pursuant to a review conducted by the Office of Management, Policy, Rightsizing, and In-novation relating to overseas staffing levels at United States overseas posts, the relevant chief of mission, in coordination with the relevant regional bureau, shall submit a re-sponse to the Office of Management, Policy, Rightsizing, and Innovation that describes— 
(1) any rightsizing recommendations that 
are accepted by such chief of mission and re-gional bureau; 
(2) a detailed schedule for implementation 
of any such recommendations; 
(3) any recommendations that are rejected; 
and 
(4) a detailed justification providing the 
basis for the rejection of any such rec-ommendations. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—On the date on which 
the President’s annual budget request is sub-mitted to Congress, the Secretary shall sub-mit an annual report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that describes the status of all rightsizing recommendations and responses described in subsection (a) from the preceding 5 years, including— 
(1) a list of all such rightsizing rec-
ommendations made, including whether each such recommendation was accepted or re-jected by the relevant chief of mission and regional bureau; 
(2) for each accepted recommendation, a 
detailed description of the current status of its implementation according to the sched-ule provided pursuant to subsection (a)(2), including an explanation for any departure from, or changes to, such schedule; and 
(3) for any rejected recommendations, the 
justification provided pursuant to subsection (a)(4). 
(c) R
EPORT ON REGIONAL BUREAU STAFF -
ING.—In conjunction with each report re-
quired under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit a supplemental report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) an enumeration of the domestic staff 
positions in each regional bureau of the De-partment; 
(2) a detailed explanation of the extent to 
which the staffing of each regional bureau reflects the overseas requirements of the United States within each such region; 
(3) a detailed plan, including an implemen-
tation schedule, for how the Department will seek to rectify any significant imbalances in staffing among regional bureaus or between any regional bureau and the overseas re-quirements of the United States within such region if the Secretary determines that such staffing does not reflect— 
(A) the foreign policy priorities of the 
United States; or 
(B) the effective conduct of the foreign af-
fairs of the United States; and 
(4) a detailed description of the implemen-
tation status of any plan provided pursuant to paragraph (3), including an explanation for any departure from, or changes to, the implementation schedule provided with such plan. 
SEC. 5202. INTEGRATION OF FOREIGN ECONOMIC 
POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
junction with the Under Secretary of Eco-nomic Growth, Energy, and the Environ-ment, shall establish— 
(1) foreign economic policy priorities for 
each regional bureau, including for indi-vidual countries, as appropriate; and 
(2) policies and guidance for integrating 
such foreign economic policy priorities throughout the Department. 
(b) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—Within 
each regional bureau of the Department, the Secretary shall task an existing Deputy As-sistant Secretary with appropriate training and background in economic and commercial affairs with the responsibility for economic matters and interests within the responsibil-ities of such regional bureau, including the integration of the foreign economic policy priorities established pursuant to subsection (a). 
(c) C
OORDINATION .—The Deputy Assistant 
Secretary given the responsibility for eco-nomic matters and interests pursuant to subsection (b) within each bureau shall— 
(1) at the direction of the relevant Assist-
ant Secretary, review and report to the As-sistant Secretary of such bureau on all eco-nomic matters and interests; and 
(2) serve as liaison with the Office of the 
Under Secretary for Economic Growth, En-ergy, and the Environment. 
SEC. 5203. REVIEW OF BUREAU OF AFRICAN AF-
FAIRS AND BUREAU OF NEAR EAST-ERN AFFAIRS JURISDICTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the jurisdictional 
responsibility of the Bureau of African Af-fairs and that of the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs relating to the North African coun-tries of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya; and 
(2) submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that includes— 
(A) the findings of the review conducted 
under paragraph (1); and 
(B) recommendations on whether jurisdic-
tional responsibility among the bureaus re-ferred to in paragraph (1) should be adjusted. 
(b) R
EVIEW .—The review conducted under 
subsection (a)(1) shall— 
(1) identify regional strategic priorities; (2) assess regional dynamics between the 
North Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa re-
gions, including the degree to which the pri-orities identified pursuant to paragraph (1)— 
(A) are distinct between each such region; 
or 
(B) have similar application across such re-
gions; (3) identify current priorities and effective-
ness of United States Government regional engagement in North Africa and Sub-Saha-ran Africa, including through security as-sistance, economic assistance, humanitarian assistance, and trade; 
(4) assess the degree to which such engage-
ment is— 
(A) inefficient, duplicative, or uncoordi-
nated between the North Africa and Sub-Sa-haran Africa regions; or 
(B) otherwise harmed or limited as a result 
of the current division of jurisdictional re-sponsibilities; 
(5) assess the overall coherence and effec-
tiveness of the current division of jurisdic-tional responsibilities in Africa between the Bureau of African Affairs and the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, including with regard to coordination with other United States de-partments or agencies; and 
(6) assess any opportunities and costs of 
transferring jurisdictional responsibility of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya from the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs to the Bureau of African Affairs. 
SEC. 5204. SPECIAL ENVOYS, REPRESENTATIVES, 
ADVISORS, AND COORDINATORS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-
sional committees on special envoys, rep-resentatives, advisors, and coordinators of the Department, which shall include— 
(1) a tabulation of the current names, 
ranks, positions, and responsibilities of all special envoy, representative, advisor, and coordinator positions at the Department, with a separate accounting of all such posi-tions at the level of Assistant Secretary (or equivalent) or above; and 
(2) for each position identified pursuant to 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) the date on which the position was cre-
ated; 
(B) the mechanism by which the position 
was created, including the authority under which the position was created; 
(C) the positions authorized under section 
1(d) of the State Department Basic Authori-ties Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(d)); 
(D) a description of whether, and the ex-
tent to which, the responsibilities assigned to the position duplicate the responsibilities of other current officials within the Depart-ment, including other special envoys, rep-resentatives, and advisors; 
(E) which current official within the De-
partment would be assigned the responsibil-ities of the position in the absence of the po-sition; 
(F) to which current official within the De-
partment the position directly reports; 
(G) the total number of staff assigned to 
support the position; and 
(H) with the exception of those created by 
statute, a detailed explanation of the neces-sity of the position to the effective conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States. 
SEC. 5205. CONFLICT PREVENTION, MITIGATION 
AND RESOLUTION, AND THE INCLU-SION AND PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN. 
Section 704 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4024) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) The Secretary, in conjunction with 
the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall ensure that all appropriate personnel, re-sponsible for, or deploying to, countries or regions considered to be at risk of, under-going, or emerging from violent conflict, in-cluding special envoys, members of medi-ation or negotiation teams, relevant mem-bers of the civil service or foreign service, and contractors, obtain training, as appro-priate, in the following areas, each of which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4155 June 15, 2015 
shall include a focus on women and ensuring 
women’s meaningful inclusion and participa-tion: 
‘‘(1) Conflict prevention, mitigation, and 
resolution. 
‘‘(2) Protecting civilians from violence, ex-
ploitation, and trafficking in persons. 
‘‘(3) International human rights law and 
international humanitarian law.’’. 
SEC. 5206. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM 
SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall regu-
larly consult with the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency and any other de-partments or agencies the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate regarding the secu-rity of United States Government and non-government information technology systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by the Department, including any such systems or networks facilitating the use of sensitive or classified information. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In performing the con-
sultations required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make all such systems and networks available to the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency and any other such departments or agencies to carry out such tests and procedures as are necessary to en-sure adequate policies and protections are in place to prevent penetrations or com-promises of such systems and networks, in-cluding by malicious intrusions by any unau-thorized individual or state actor or other entity. 
(c) S
ECURITY BREACH REPORTING .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Security Agency and any other departments or agen-cies the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives that describes in detail— 
(1) all known or suspected penetrations or 
compromises of the systems or networks de-scribed in subsection (a) facilitating the use of classified information; and 
(2) all known or suspected significant pene-
trations or compromises of any other such systems and networks that occurred since the submission of the prior report. 
(d) C
ONTENT .—Each report submitted under 
subsection (c) shall include— 
(1) a description of the relevant informa-
tion technology system or network pene-trated or compromised; 
(2) an assessment of the date and time such 
penetration or compromise occurred; 
(3) an assessment of the duration for which 
such system or network was penetrated or compromised, including whether such pene-tration or compromise is ongoing; 
(4) an assessment of the amount and sensi-
tivity of information accessed and available to have been accessed by such penetration or compromise, including any such information contained on systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by any other department or agency of the United States Government; 
(5) an assessment of whether such system 
or network was penetrated by a malicious in-trusion, including an assessment of— 
(A) the known or suspected perpetrators, 
including state actors; and 
(B) the methods used to conduct such pene-
tration or compromise; and 
(6) a description of the actions the Depart-
ment has taken, or plans to take, to prevent future, similar penetrations or compromises of such systems and networks. 
SEC. 5207. ANALYSIS OF EMBASSY COST SHARING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a 
report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees, the Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives that assesses the cost-ef-fectiveness and performance of the Inter-national Cooperative Administrative Sup-port Services system (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘ICASS system’’), including by assessing— 
(1) the general performance of the ICASS 
system in providing cost-effective, timely, efficient, appropriate, and reliable services that meet the needs of all departments and agencies served; 
(2) the extent to which additional cost sav-
ings and greater performance can be achieved under the current ICASS system and rules; 
(3) the standards applied in the selection of 
the ICASS provider and the extent to which such standards are consistently applied; and 
(4) potential reforms to the ICASS system, 
including— 
(A) the selection of more than 1 service 
provider under certain circumstances; 
(B) options for all departments or agencies 
to opt out of ICASS entirely or to opt out of individual services, including by debundling service packages; 
(C) increasing the reliance on locally em-
ployed staff or outsourcing to local firms, as appropriate; and 
(D) other modifications to the current 
ICASS system and rules that would incentivize greater effectiveness and cost ef-ficiency. 
SEC. 5208. PARENT ADVISORY COMMITTEE TO 
THE INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP TO PREVENT INTER-NATIONAL PARENTAL CHILD ABDUC-TION. 
Section 433(b) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 241(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .—The 
Secretary of State shall convene and chair an interagency working group to prevent international parental child abduction, which shall be composed of presidentially ap-pointed, Senate confirmed, officials from— 
‘‘(A) the Department of State; ‘‘(B) the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity, including U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(C) the Department of Justice, including 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(2) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Secretary 
of State shall convene an advisory com-mittee to the interagency working group es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (1), for the duration of the working group’s existence, which shall be composed of not less than 3 left-behind parents, serving for 2-year terms, who— 
‘‘(A) shall be selected by the Secretary; 
and 
‘‘(B) shall periodically consult with the 
interagency working group on all activities of the interagency working group, as appro-priate.’’. 
SEC. 5209. IMPROVING RESEARCH AND EVALUA-
TION OF PUBLIC DIPLOMACY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) conduct regular research and evaluation 
of public diplomacy programs and activities of the Department, including through the routine use of audience research, digital ana-lytics, and impact evaluations, to plan and execute such programs and activities; and 
(2) make the findings of the research and 
evaluations conducted under paragraph (1) available to Congress. 
(b) D
IRECTOR OF RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— (1) A PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall appoint a Director of Re-search and Evaluation in the Office of Pol-icy, Planning, and Resources for the Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENT .—The ap-
pointment of a Director of Research and Evaluation pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not result in an increase in the overall full- time equivalent positions within the Depart-ment. 
(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of Re-
search and Evaluation shall— 
(A) coordinate and oversee the research 
and evaluation of public diplomacy programs of the Department— 
(i) to improve public diplomacy strategies 
and tactics; and 
(ii) to ensure that programs are increasing 
the knowledge, understanding, and trust of the United States by relevant target audi-ences; 
(B) report to the Director of Policy and 
Planning; 
(C) routinely organize and oversee audi-
ence research, digital analytics and impact evaluations across all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department; 
(D) support embassy public affairs sec-
tions; 
(E) share appropriate public diplomacy re-
search and evaluation information within the Department and with other Federal de-partments and agencies; 
(F) regularly design and coordinate stand-
ardized research questions, methodologies, and procedures to ensure that public diplo-macy activities across all public diplomacy bureaus and offices are designed to meet ap-propriate foreign policy objectives; and 
(G) report quarterly to the United States 
Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy, through the Commission’s Subcommittee on Research and Evaluation established pursu-ant to subsection (e), regarding the research and evaluation of all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department. 
(4) G
UIDANCE AND TRAINING .—Not later than 
180 days after his or her appointment pursu-
ant to paragraph (1), the Director of Re-search and Evaluation shall create guidance and training for all public diplomacy officers regarding the reading and interpretation of public diplomacy program evaluation find-ings to ensure that such findings and lessons learned are implemented in the planning and evaluation of all public diplomacy programs and activities throughout the Department. 
(c) P
RIORITIZING RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of Policy, 
Planning, and Resources shall ensure that research and evaluation, as coordinated and overseen by the Director of Research and Evaluation, supports strategic planning and resource allocation across all public diplo-macy bureaus and offices of the Department. 
(2) A
LLOCATION OF RESOURCES .—Amounts 
allocated for the purposes of research and evaluation of public diplomacy programs and activities pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made available to be disbursed at the direc-tion of the Director of Research and Evalua-tion among the research and evaluation staff across all public diplomacy bureaus and of-fices of the Department. 
(3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department should allo-cate, for the purposes of research and evalua-tion of public diplomacy activities and pro-grams pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(A) 3 to 5 percent of program funds made 
available under the heading ‘‘
EDUCATIONAL  
AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS ’’; and 
(B) 3 to 5 percent of program funds allo-
cated for public diplomacy programs under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4156 June 15, 2015 
the heading ‘‘ DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PRO -
GRAMS ’’. 
(d) L IMITED EXEMPTION .—The Paperwork 
Reduction Act of 1980 (44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) shall not apply to collections of information directed at foreign individuals conducted by, or on behalf of, the Department for the pur-
pose of audience research and impact evalua-tions, in accordance with the requirements under this section and in connection with the Department’s activities conducted pursu-ant to the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act (22 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) or the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.). 
(e) A
DVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLO-
MACY .— 
(1) S UBCOMMITTEE FOR RESEARCH AND EVAL -
UATION .—The Advisory Commission on Pub-
lic Diplomacy shall establish a Sub-committee for Research and Evaluation to monitor and advise on the research and eval-uation activities of the Department and the Broadcasting Board of Governors. 
(2) R
EPORT .—The Subcommittee for Re-
search and Evaluation established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall submit an annual re-port to Congress in conjunction with the Commission on Public Diplomacy’s Com-prehensive Annual Report on the perform-ance of the Department and the Broad-casting Board of Governors in carrying out research and evaluations of their respective public diplomacy programming. 
(3) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 1334 of the 
Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2020’’. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A UDIENCE RESEARCH .—The term ‘‘audi-
ence research’’ means research conducted at the outset of public diplomacy program or campaign planning and design on specific au-dience segments to understand the attitudes, interests, knowledge and behaviors of such audience segments. 
(2) D
IGITAL ANALYTICS .—The term ‘‘digital 
analytics’’ means the analysis of qualitative and quantitative data, accumulated in dig-ital format, to indicate the outputs and out-comes of a public diplomacy program or campaign. 
(3) I
MPACT EVALUATION .—The term ‘‘impact 
evaluation’’ means an assessment of the changes in the audience targeted by a public diplomacy program or campaign that can be attributed to such program or campaign. 
SEC. 5210. ENHANCED INSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY 
OF THE BUREAU OF AFRICAN AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
strengthen the institutional capacity of the Bureau of African Affairs to oversee pro-grams and engage in strategic planning and crisis management by— 
(1) establishing an office within the Bureau 
of African Affairs that is separate and dis-tinct from the regional affairs office specifi-cally charged with overseeing strategy de-velopment and program implementation re-lated to security assistance; 
(2) planning to facilitate the long-term 
planning process; and 
(3) developing a concrete plan to rightsize 
the Bureau of African Affairs not later than 180 days after the date enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that de-scribes the actions that have been taken to carry out subsection (a). 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the appropriation of additional amounts to carry out this section, and the Secretary shall use existing resources to 
carry out the provisions of this section. 
Subtitle B—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 5211. REVIEW OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-
CER COMPENSATION. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall commission an inde-pendent assessment of Foreign Service Offi-cer compensation to ensure that such com-pensation is achieving its purposes and the goals of the Department, including to re-cruit, retain, and maintain the world’s pre-mier diplomatic corps. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that in-cludes— 
(A) the results of the independent assess-
ment commissioned pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
(B) the views of the Secretary regarding 
Foreign Service Officer compensation. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a list of all compensation received by 
Foreign Service Officers assigned domesti-cally or overseas, including base salary and any other benefits, allowances, differentials, or other financial incentives; 
(2) for each form of compensation described 
in paragraph (1)— 
(A) an explanation of its stated purpose; (B) a description of all relevant authori-
ties, including statutory authority; and 
(C) an assessment of the degree to which 
its historical and current use matches its stated purpose; and 
(3) an assessment of the effectiveness of 
each form of compensation described in para-graph (1) in— 
(A) achieving its stated purpose; (B) achieving the recruiting and retention 
goals of the Department; and 
(C) achieving the assignment placement 
needs of the Department. 
SEC. 5212. REPEAL OF RECERTIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENT FOR SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 305 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 3945) is amended by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 5213. COMPENSATORY TIME OFF FOR TRAV-
EL. 
Section 5550b of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c) The maximum amount of compen-
satory time off that may be earned under this section may not exceed 104 hours during any leave year (as defined in section 630.201(b) of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-tions).’’. 
SEC. 5214. CERTIFICATES OF DEMONSTRATED 
COMPETENCE. 
Not later than 7 days after submitting the 
report required under section 304(a)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3944(a)(4)) to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, the President shall make the report available to the public, in-cluding by posting the on the website of the Department in a conspicuous manner and lo-
cation. 
SEC. 5215. FOREIGN SERVICE ASSIGNMENT RE-
STRICTIONS. 
(a) A PPEAL OF ASSIGNMENT RESTRICTION .— 
The Secretary shall establish a right and process for employees to appeal any assign-ment restriction or preclusion. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Upon full implementa-
tion of a right and process for employees to appeal an assignment restriction or pre-clusion, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) certifies that such appeals process has 
been fully implemented; and 
(2) includes a detailed description of such 
process. 
(c) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish the right and process estab-
lished pursuant to subsection (a) in the For-eign Affairs Manual; and 
(2) include a reference to such publication 
in the report required under subsection (b). 
(d) P
ROHIBITING DISCRIMINATION .—Section 
502(a)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3982(a)(2)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(2) In making assignments under para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that a member of the Service is not assigned to, or restricted from, a position at a post in a par-ticular geographic area, or domestically in a position working on issues relating to a par-ticular geographic area, exclusively on the basis of the race, ethnicity, or religion of that member.’’. 
SEC. 5216. SECURITY CLEARANCE SUSPENSIONS. 
(a) S USPENSION .—Section 610 of the Foreign 
Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4010) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking the section heading and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. SEPARATION FOR CAUSE; SUSPEN-
SION.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) In order to promote the efficiency of 
the Service, the Secretary may suspend a member of the Service without pay when— 
‘‘(A) the member’s security clearance is 
suspended; or 
‘‘(B) there is reasonable cause to believe 
that the member has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed. 
‘‘(2) Any member of the Foreign Service for 
whom a suspension is proposed under this subsection shall be entitled to— 
‘‘(A) written notice stating the specific 
reasons for the proposed suspension; 
‘‘(B) a reasonable time to respond orally 
and in writing to the proposed suspension; 
‘‘(C) representation by an attorney or 
other representative; and 
‘‘(D) a final written decision, including the 
specific reasons for such decision, as soon as practicable. 
‘‘(3) Any member suspended under this sub-
section may file a grievance in accordance with the procedures applicable to grievances under chapter 11. 
‘‘(4) If a grievance is filed under paragraph 
(3)— 
‘‘(A) the review by the Foreign Service 
Grievance Board shall be limited to a deter-mination of whether the provisions of para-graphs (1) and (2) have been fulfilled; and 
‘‘(B) the Board may not exercise the au-
thority provided under section 1106(8). 
‘‘(5) In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) The term ‘reasonable time’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to a member of the For-
eign Service assigned to duty in the United States, 15 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to a member of the For-
eign Service assigned to duty outside the United States, 30 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension. 
‘‘(B) The terms ‘suspend’ and ‘suspension’ 
mean placing a member of the Foreign Serv-ice in a temporary status without duties and 
pay.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 2 of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 610 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 610. Separation for cause; suspen-
sion.’’. 
SEC. 5217. ECONOMIC STATECRAFT EDUCATION 
AND TRAINING. 
The Secretary shall establish curriculum 
at the Foreign Services Institute to develop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4157 June 15, 2015 
the practical foreign economic policy exper-
tise and skill sets of Foreign Service officers, including by making available distance- learning courses in commercial, economic, and business affairs, including in— 
(1) the global business environment; (2) the economics of development; (3) development and infrastructure finance; (4) current trade and investment agree-
ments negotiations; 
(5) implementing existing multilateral and 
World Trade Organization agreements, and United States trade and investment agree-ments; 
(6) best practices for customs and export 
procedures; and 
(7) market analysis and global supply 
chain management. 
SEC. 5218. REPORT ON DIVERSITY RECRUITMENT, 
EMPLOYMENT, RETENTION, AND PROMOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quadrennially thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit a comprehensive report to Congress that— 
(1) describes the efforts, consistent with 
existing law, including procedures, effects, and results of the Department since the pe-riod covered by the prior such report, to pro-mote equal opportunity and inclusion for all American employees in direct hire and per-sonal service contractors status, particularly employees of the Foreign Service, to include equal opportunity for all races, ethnicities, ages, genders, and service-disabled veterans, with a focus on traditionally underrep-resented minority groups; 
(2) includes a section on— (A) the diversity of selection boards; (B) the employment of minority and serv-
ice-disabled veterans during the most recent 10-year period, including— 
(i) the number hired through direct hires, 
internships, and fellowship programs; 
(ii) the number promoted to senior posi-
tions, including FS–01, GS–15, Senior Execu-tive Service, and Senior Foreign Service; and 
(iii) attrition rates by grade, civil and for-
eign services, and the senior level ranks list-ed in clause (ii); 
(C) mentorship and retention programs; 
and 
(3) is organized in terms of real numbers 
and percentages at all levels. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subsection (a) shall describe the ef-forts of the Department— 
(1) to propagate fairness, impartiality, and 
inclusion in the work environment domesti-cally and abroad; 
(2) to eradicate harassment, intolerance, 
and discrimination; 
(3) to refrain from engaging in unlawful 
discrimination in any phase of the employ-ment process, including recruitment, hiring, evaluation, assignments, promotion, reten-tion, and training; 
(4) to eliminate illegal retaliation against 
employees for participating in a protected equal employment opportunity activity; 
(5) to provide reasonable accommodation 
for qualified employees and applicants with disabilities; 
(6) to resolve workplace conflicts, con-
frontations, and complaints in a prompt, im-partial, constructive, and timely manner; 
(7) to improve demographic data avail-
ability and analysis regarding recruitment, hiring, promotion, training, length in serv-ice, assignment restrictions, and pass- through programs; 
(8) to recruit a diverse staff by— (A) recruiting women, minorities, vet-
erans, and undergraduate and graduate stu-dents; 
(B) recruiting at historically Black col-
leges and universities, Hispanic serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges 
that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; 
(C) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in 
urban communities; 
(D) placing job advertisements in news-
papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward women and people of color; 
(E) providing opportunities through the 
Foreign Service Internship Program and other hiring initiatives; and 
(F) recruiting mid- and senior-level profes-
sionals through programs such as— 
(i) the International Career Advancement 
Program; 
(ii) the Public Policy and International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; 
(iii) the Institute for International Public 
Policy Fellowship Program; 
(iv) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-
stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and 
(v) other similar, highly respected, inter-
national leadership programs; and 
(9) to provide opportunities through— (A) the Charles B. Rangel International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; 
(B) the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and 
(C) the Donald M. Payne International De-
velopment Fellowship Program. 
(c) S
COPE OF INITIAL REPORT .—The first re-
port submitted to Congress under this sec-tion shall include the information described in subsection (b) for the 3 fiscal years imme-diately preceding the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. 
SEC. 5219. EXPANSION OF THE CHARLES B. RAN-
GEL INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS PRO-GRAM, THE THOMAS R. PICKERING FOREIGN AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM, AND THE DONALD M. PAYNE INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-MENT FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FELLOWSHIPS AUTHOR -
IZED.—Beginning in fiscal year 2016, the Sec-
retary shall— 
(1) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Charles B. Rangel Inter-national Affairs Program; 
(2) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship Program; and 
(3) increase by 5 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program. 
(b) P
AYNE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Under-
graduate and graduate components of the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program are authorized to con-duct outreach to attract outstanding stu-dents who represent diverse ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds with an interest in pursuing a Foreign Service career. 
SEC. 5220. RETENTION OF MID- AND SENIOR- 
LEVEL PROFESSIONALS FROM UNDERREPRESENTED GROUPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary should pro-
vide attention and oversight to the employ-ment, retention, and promotion of underrep-resented groups to promote a diverse ethnic representation among mid- and senior-level career professionals through programs such as— 
(1) the International Career Advancement 
Program; 
(2) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-
stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and 
(3) other highly respected international 
leadership programs. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF PASTPROGRAMS .—The Sec-
retary should review past programs designed 
to increase minority representation in inter-national affairs positions, including— 
(1) the USAID Undergraduate Cooperative 
and Graduate Economics Program; 
(2) the Public Policy and International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and (3) the Institute for International Public 
Policy Fellowship Program. 
SEC. 5221. REVIEW OF JURISDICTIONAL RESPON-
SIBILITIES OF THE SPECIAL REP-RESENTATIVE TO AFGHANISTAN AND PAKISTAN AND THE BUREAU OF SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIAN AF-FAIRS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of State shall 
conduct a review of the jurisdictional re-sponsibilities of the Special Representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan (SRAP) and the Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs (SCA). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the review conducted under sub-section (a), including recommendations on whether jurisdictional responsibility be-tween the 2 offices should be adjusted. 
SEC. 5222. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF 
COUNTRIES COMPLIANCE WITH MIN-IMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-NATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 110 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-
tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not 
later than 30 days before the anticipated sub-mission of each annual report under sub-
section (b)(1), the Secretary of State shall notify and brief the appropriate congres-sional committees concerning the countries that will be upgraded to a higher tier or downgraded to a lower tier in such report.’’. 
SEC. 5223. INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
TRAINING PROGRAM. 
Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(2) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by in-
serting ‘‘R EFUGEES ’’ before ‘‘The Secretary 
of State’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by in-
serting ‘‘C HILD SOLDIERS ’’ before ‘‘The Sec-
retary of State’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) D EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall develop a curriculum for Foreign Serv-ice Officers that includes training on— 
‘‘(A) the scope and strategic value of inter-
national religious freedom; 
‘‘(B) how violations of international reli-
gious freedom harm fundamental United States interests; 
‘‘(C) how the advancement of international 
religious freedom can advance such inter-ests; 
‘‘(D) how United States international reli-
gious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States diplomats and other Foreign Service Officers; and 
‘‘(E) the relevance and relationship of 
international religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public affairs efforts to combat violent ex-tremism. 
‘‘(2) R
OLE OF OTHER OFFICIALS .—The Sec-
retary of State shall carry out paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) with the assistance of the Ambassador 
at Large for International Religious Free-dom appointed under section 101(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411(b)); 
‘‘(B) in coordination with the Director of 
the George P. Shultz National Foreign Af-fairs Training Center and other Federal offi-cials, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(C) in consultation with the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom established under section 201(a) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431(a)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4158 June 15, 2015 
‘‘(3) R ESOURCES .—The Secretary of State 
shall ensure the availability of sufficient re-sources to develop and implement the cur-riculum required under this subsection. 
‘‘(b) R
ELIGIOUS FREEDOM TRAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Department of State Operations Au-thorization and Embassy Security Act, Fis-cal Year 2016, the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall begin training on religious free-dom, using the curriculum developed under subsection (a), for Foreign Service officers, including— 
‘‘(A) entry level officers; ‘‘(B) officers prior to departure for posting 
outside the United States; and 
‘‘(C) incoming deputy chiefs of mission and 
ambassadors. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The training required 
under paragraph (1) shall be substantively incorporated into— 
‘‘(A) the A–100 course attended by Foreign 
Service Officers; 
‘‘(B) the specific country courses required 
of Foreign Service Officers prior to a posting outside the United States, with training tai-lored to— 
‘‘(i) the particular religious demography of 
such country; 
‘‘(ii) religious freedom conditions in such 
country; 
‘‘(iii) religious engagement strategies; and ‘‘(iv) United States strategies for advanc-
ing religious freedom. 
‘‘(C) the courses required of incoming dep-
uty chiefs of mission and ambassadors. 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The cur-
riculum and training materials developed pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) shall be shared with the United States Armed Forces and all other Federal departments and agen-cies whose personnel serve as attache ´s, advi-
sors, detailees, or otherwise in United States embassies globally to provide training on— 
‘‘(1) United States religious freedom poli-
cies; 
‘‘(2) religious traditions; ‘‘(3) religious engagement strategies; ‘‘(4) religious and cultural issues; and ‘‘(5) efforts to combat terrorism and vio-
lent religious extremism.’’. 
TITLE III—INTERNATIONAL 
ORGANIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—United States Contributions to 
International Organizations 
SEC. 5301. REPORTS CONCERNING THE UNITED 
NATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT ON ANTI-SEMITIC ACTIVITY AT  
THEUNITED NATIONS AND ITSAGENCIES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes— 
(1) all activities at the United Nations and 
its subagencies that can be construed to ex-hibit an anti-Semitic bias, including official statements, proposed resolutions, and United Nations investigations; 
(2) the use of United Nations resources to 
promote anti-Semitic or anti-Israel rhetoric or propaganda, including publications, inter-net websites, and textbooks or other edu-cational materials used to propagate polit-ical rhetoric regarding the Israeli-Pales-tinian conflict; and 
(3) specific actions taken by the United 
States Government to address any of the ac-tivities described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
(b) R
EPORT ON ALLUNITED STATES GOVERN -
MENT CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA-
TIONS .—Section 4(c) of the United Nations 
Participation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), 
(4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A detailed description of 
all assessed and voluntary contributions, in-cluding in-kind contributions, of the United States to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and related bodies— 
‘‘(i) during the preceding fiscal year; ‘‘(ii) estimated for the fiscal year in which 
the report is submitted; and 
‘‘(iii) requested in the budget of the Presi-
dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENT .—The description required 
under subparagraph (A) shall, for each fiscal year specified in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that subparagraph, include— 
‘‘(i) the total amount or value of all con-
tributions described in that subparagraph; 
‘‘(ii) the approximate percentage of all 
such contributions by the United States compared to all contributions to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and related bodies from any source; and 
‘‘(iii) for each such contribution described 
in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(I) the amount or value of the contribu-
tion; 
‘‘(II) whether the contribution was as-
sessed by the United Nations or voluntary; 
‘‘(III) the purpose of the contribution; ‘‘(IV) the department or agency of the 
United States Government responsible for the contribution; and 
‘‘(V) whether the United Nations or an af-
filiated agency or related body received the contribution and, if an affiliated agency or related body received the contribution, which such agency or body. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMA -
TION.—Not later than 14 days after submit-
ting a report required under this subsection to the designated congressional committees, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall post a text-based, search-able version of the description required by subparagraph (A) on a publicly available Internet website of that Office.’’. 
SEC. 5302. ANNUAL REPORT ON FINANCIAL CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 4(b) of the United Nations Partici-
pation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘in which the United States participates as a member’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, including— 
‘‘(1) the amount of such contributions that 
were assessed by an international organiza-tion and the amount of such contributions that were voluntary; and 
‘‘(2) the ratio of United States contribu-
tions to total contributions received for— 
‘‘(A) the United Nations, specialized agen-
cies of the United Nations, and other United Nations funds, programs, and organizations; 
‘‘(B) peacekeeping; ‘‘(C) inter-American organizations; ‘‘(D) regional organizations; and ‘‘(E) other international organizations.’’. 
SEC. 5303. REPORT ON PEACEKEEPING ARREARS, 
CREDITS, AND CONTRIBUTIONS. 
Section 4(c) of the United Nations Partici-
pation Act (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)), as amended by section 5301(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A complete and full ac-
counting of United States peacekeeping as-sessments and contributions for United Na-tions peacekeeping operations, including the following: ‘‘(i) A tabulation of annual United Nations 
peacekeeping assessment rates, the peace-keeping contribution rate authorized by the United States, and the United States public law that authorized the contribution rate for the United Nations peacekeeping budget for each fiscal year beginning in fiscal year 1995 through the fiscal year following the date of the report. 
‘‘(ii) A tabulation of current United States 
accrued shortfalls and arrears in each respec-tive ongoing or closed United Nations peace-keeping mission. 
‘‘(iii) A tabulation of all peacekeeping 
credits, including— 
‘‘(I) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States; 
‘‘(II) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be unavailable to the United States; 
‘‘(III) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States from each open and closed peacekeeping mission; 
‘‘(IV) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be unavailable to the United States from each open and closed peacekeeping mission; 
‘‘(V) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits applied by the United Nations toward shortfalls from previous years that are ap-portioned to the United States; 
‘‘(VI) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits applied by the United Nations toward offsetting future contributions of the United States; and 
‘‘(VII) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States that could be applied toward offsetting United States contributions in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(iv) An explanation of any claim of un-
availability by the United Nations of any peacekeeping credits described in clause (iii)(IV). 
‘‘(v) A description of any efforts by the 
United States to obtain reimbursement in accordance with the requirements of this Act, including Department of Defense mate-riel and services, and an explanation of any failure to obtain any such reimbursement. 
‘‘(B) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS DEFINED .—In 
this paragraph, the term ‘peacekeeping cred-its’ means the amounts by which, during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year, the contributions of the United States to the United Nations for peacekeeping operations exceed the actual expenditures for peace-keeping operations by the United Nations that are apportioned to the United States.’’. 
SEC. 5304. ASSESSMENT RATE TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after each time the United Nations General Assembly modifies the assessment levels for peacekeeping operations, the Secretary shall submit a report, which may include a classi-fied annex, to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall describe— 
(A) the change, by amount and percentage, 
of the peacekeeping assessment charged to each member state; and 
(B) how the economic and strategic inter-
ests of each of the permanent members of the Security Council is being served by each peacekeeping mission currently in force. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF PEACEKEEPING ASSESS -
MENT DATA.—The Secretary shall direct the 
United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to urge the United Nations— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4159 June 15, 2015 
(1) to share the raw data used to calculate 
member state peacekeeping assessment rates; and 
(2) to make available the formula for de-
termining peacekeeping assessments. 
Subtitle B—Accountability at International 
Organizations 
SEC. 5311. PREVENTING ABUSE IN PEACE-
KEEPING. 
Not later than 15 days before the antici-
pated date of a vote (or, in the case of exi-gent circumstances, as far in advance of the vote as is practicable) on a resolution ap-proving a new peacekeeping mission under the auspices of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or any other multilateral organization in which the United States participates, or to reauthorize an existing such mission, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on that mission that in-cludes the following: 
(1) A description of the specific measures 
taken and planned to be taken by the organi-zation related to the mission— 
(A) to prevent individuals who are employ-
ees or contractor personnel of the organiza-tion, or members of the forces serving in the mission from engaging in acts of trafficking in persons, exploitation of victims of traf-ficking, or sexual exploitation or abuse; and 
(B) to hold accountable any such individ-
uals who engage in any such acts while par-ticipating in the mission. 
(2) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
each of the measures described in paragraph (1). 
(3) An accounting and assessment of all 
cases in which the organization has taken action to investigate allegations that indi-viduals described in paragraph (1)(A) have engaged in acts described in that paragraph, including a description of the status of all such cases as of the date of the report. 
SEC. 5312. INCLUSION OF PEACEKEEPING 
ABUSES IN COUNTRY REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICES. 
Section 116(d) of the Foreign Assistance 
Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (11)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (12)(C)(ii), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) for each country that contributes per-
sonnel to United Nations peacekeeping mis-sions, a description of— 
‘‘(A) any allegations of such personnel en-
gaging in acts of trafficking in persons, ex-ploitation of victims of trafficking, or sexual exploitation and abuse while participating in such a peacekeeping mission; 
‘‘(B) any repatriations of such personnel 
resulting from an allegation described in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) any actions taken by such country 
with respect to personnel repatriated as a re-sult of allegations described in subparagraph (A), including whether such personnel faced prosecution related to such allegations; and 
‘‘(D) the extent to which any actions taken 
as described in subparagraph (C) have been communicated by such country to the United Nations.’’. 
SEC. 5313. EVALUATION OF UNITED NATIONS 
PEACEKEEPING MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— 
(1) a comprehensive evaluation of current 
United Nations peacekeeping missions; 
(2) a prioritization of the peacekeeping 
missions; 
(3) plans for phasing out and ending any 
mission that— (A) has substantially met its objectives 
and goals; or 
(B) will not be able to meet its objectives 
and goals; and 
(4) a plan for reviewing the status of open- 
ended mandates for— 
(A) the United Nations Interim Adminis-
tration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK); 
(B) the United Nations Truce Supervision 
Organization (UNTSO); and 
(C) the United Nations Military Observer 
Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP). 
(b) A
PPROVAL OF FUTURE PEACEKEEPING  
MISSIONS .—The President shall direct the 
United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to ensure that no new United Nations peacekeeping mission is approved without a periodic mandate renewal. 
(c) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—The United 
States shall not provide funding for any United Nations peacekeeping mission begin-ning after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the mission has a periodic man-date renewal. 
Subtitle C—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 5321. ENCOURAGING EMPLOYMENT OF 
UNITED STATES CITIZENS AT THE UNITED NATIONS. 
Section 181 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 276c–4) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 181. EMPLOYMENT OF UNITED STATES 
CITIZENS BY CERTAIN INTER-NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of the Department of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Se-curity Act, Fiscal Year 2016, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to Congress a report that provides— 
‘‘(1) for each international organization 
that had a geographic distribution formula in effect on January 1, 1991, an assessment of whether that organization— 
‘‘(A) is taking good faith steps to increase 
the staffing of United States citizens, includ-ing, as appropriate, as assessment of any ad-ditional steps the organization could be tak-ing to increase such staffing; and 
‘‘(B) has met the requirements of its geo-
graphic distribution formula; and 
‘‘(2) an assessment of United States rep-
resentation among professional and senior- level positions at the United Nations, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) an assessment of the proportion of 
United States citizens employed at the United Nations Secretariat and at all United Nations specialized agencies, funds, and pro-grams relative to the total employment at the United Nations Secretariat and at all such agencies, funds, and programs; 
‘‘(B) as assessment of compliance by the 
United Nations Secretariat and such agen-cies, funds, and programs with any applica-ble geographic distribution formula; and 
‘‘(C) a description of any steps taken or 
planned to be taken by the United States to increase the staffing of United States citi-zens at the United Nations Secretariat and such agencies, funds and programs.’’. 
SEC. 5322. ENSURING APPROPRIATE UNITED NA-
TIONS PERSONNEL SALARIES. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF UNITED NATIONS PER-
SONNEL .—The President shall direct the 
United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations— 
(1) to establish appropriate policies, proce-
dures, and assumptions for— 
(A) determining comparable positions be-
tween officials in the professional and higher categories of employment at the United Na-tions headquarters in New York, New York, 
and in the United States Federal civil serv-ice; 
(B) calculating the margin between the 
compensation of such officials at the United Nations headquarters and the civil service; and 
(C) determining the appropriate margin for 
adoption by the United Nations to govern compensation for such officials; 
(2) to make all policies, procedures, and as-
sumptions described in paragraph (1) avail-able to the public; and 
(3) to limit increases in the compensation 
of United Nations officials to ensure that such officials remain within the margin range established by United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to govern compensation for United Nations officials. 
(b) R
EPORT ON SALARY MARGINS .—The Sec-
retary shall submit an annual report to the appropriate congressional committees, at the time of the submission of the budget of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, that 
(1) describes the policies, procedures, and 
assumptions established or used by the United Nations— 
(A) to determine comparable positions be-
tween officials in the professional and higher categories of employment at the United Na-tions headquarters in New York, New York, and in the United States Federal civil serv-ice; 
(B) to calculate the percentage difference, 
or margin, between the compensation of such officials at the United Nations headquarters and the civil service; and 
(C) to determine the margin range estab-
lished in United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to govern compensation for United Nations officials; 
(2) assesses, in accordance with the poli-
cies, procedures, and assumptions described in paragraph (1), the margin between net sal-aries of officials in the professional and high-er categories of employment at the United Nations in New York and those of com-parable positions in the United States Fed-eral civil service; 
(3) assesses any changes in the margin de-
scribed in paragraph (2) from the previous year; 
(4) assesses the extent to which any 
changes in that margin resulted from modi-fications to the policies, procedures, and as-sumptions described in paragraph (1); and 
(5) provides the views of the Secretary on 
any changes in that margin and any such modifications. 
TITLE IV—CONSULAR AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 5401. VISA INELIGIBILITY FOR INTER-
NATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTORS. 
Section 212(a)(10)(C)(iii) of the Immigra-
tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(10)(C)(iii)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at 
the end and inserting a period; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 5402. PRESUMPTION OF IMMIGRANT INTENT 
FOR H AND L VISA CLASSIFICA-TIONS. 
Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(other than a non-
immigrant described in subparagraph (L) or (V) of section 101(a)(15), and other than a nonimmigrant described in any provision of section 101(a)(15)(H)(i) except subclause (b1) of such section)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4160 June 15, 2015 
(2) by striking ‘‘under section 101(a)(15).’’ 
and inserting ‘‘under the immigration laws.’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘he’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘the alien’’. 
SEC. 5403. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 222(f) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and insert-ing ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reci-procity’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘illicit 
weapons; or’’ and inserting ‘‘illicit weapons, or in determining the removability or eligi-bility for a visa, admission, or another immi-gration benefit of persons who would be inad-missible to, or removable from, the United States;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for 1 of the purposes’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to persons 
who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in the 
database, specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State determines that it is in the national interest to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. 
TITLE V—EMBASSY SECURITY 
Subtitle A—Allocation of Authorized Security 
Appropriations. 
SEC. 5501. WORLDWIDE SECURITY PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for worldwide security pro-tection shall, before any such funds may be allocated to any other authorized purpose, be allocated for— 
(1) immediate threat mitigation support in 
accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 5531; 
(2) immediate threat mitigation support in 
accordance with subsection (b) at other fa-cilities; and 
(3) locations with high vulnerabilities. 
(b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION SUPPORT  
PRIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for 
immediate threat mitigation support pursu-ant to this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding for— 
(1) the purchasing of additional security 
equipment, including additional defensive weaponry; 
(2) the paying of expenses of additional se-
curity forces; and 
(3) any other purposes necessary to miti-
gate immediate threats to United States per-sonnel serving overseas. 
SEC. 5502. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION 
AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘embassy security, construction and maintenance’’ shall, before any funds may be allocated to any other au-thorized purpose, be allocated in the prioritized order of— 
(1) immediate threat mitigation projects in 
accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 5531; 
(2) other security upgrades to facilities de-
termined to be high threat, high risk pursu-ant to section 5531; 
(3) all other immediate threat mitigation 
projects in accordance with subsection (b); and 
(4) security upgrades to all other facilities 
or new construction for facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to sec-
tion 5531. 
(b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION  
PROJECTS PRIORITIZATION .—In allocating 
funding for immediate threat mitigation projects pursuant to this section, the Sec-retary shall prioritize funding for the con-struction of safeguards that provide imme-diate security benefits and any other pur-poses necessary to mitigate immediate threats to United States personnel serving overseas. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .—No funds au-
thorized to be appropriated shall be obli-gated or expended for new embassy construc-tion, other than for high threat, high risk fa-cilities, unless the Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
(1) the Department has fully complied with 
the requirements of subsection (a); 
(2) high threat, high risk facilities are 
being secured to the best of the United States Government’s ability; and 
(3) the Secretary will make funds available 
from the Embassy Security, Construction and Maintenance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new immediate threat mitigation projects. 
(d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall report to 
the appropriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on— 
(1) funding for the priorities described in 
subsection (a); 
(2) efforts to secure high threat, high risk 
facilities as well as high vulnerability loca-tions facilities; and 
(3) plans to make funds available from the 
Embassy Security, Construction and Mainte-nance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new im-mediate threat mitigation projects. 
Subtitle B—Contracting and Other Matters. 
SEC. 5511. LOCAL GUARD CONTRACTS ABROAD 
UNDER DIPLOMATIC SECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 136(c)(3) of the 
Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (22 U.S.C. 4864(c)(3)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) in evaluating proposals for such con-
tracts, award contracts to technically ac-ceptable firms offering the lowest evaluated price, except that— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary may award contracts on 
the basis of best value (as determined by a cost-technical tradeoff analysis), especially for posts determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to section 5531 of the Depart-ment of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016; and 
‘‘(B) proposals received from United States 
persons and qualified United States joint venture persons shall be evaluated by reduc-ing the bid price by 10 percent;’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that includes— 
(1) an explanation of the implementation 
of section 136(c)(3) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991, as amended by subsection (a); and 
(2) for each instance in which a contract is 
awarded pursuant to subparagraph (A) of such section, a written justification and ap-proval that describes the basis for such award and an explanation of the inability of the Secretary to satisfy the needs of the De-partment by awarding a contract to the technically acceptable firm offering the low-est evaluated price. SEC. 5512. DISCIPLINARY ACTION RESULTING 
FROM UNSATISFACTORY LEADER-SHIP IN RELATION TO A SECURITY INCIDENT. 
Section 304(c) of the Diplomatic Security 
Act (22 U.S.C. 4834 (c)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Whenever’’ in the first sen-
tence immediately following the subsection heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever’’; and 
(3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN SECURITY INCIDENTS .— 
‘‘(A) U NSATISFACTORY LEADERSHIP .—Unsat-
isfactory leadership by a senior official with respect to a security incident involving loss of life, serious injury, or significant destruc-tion of property at or related to a United States Government mission abroad may be grounds for disciplinary action. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCIPLINARY ACTION .—If a Board finds 
reasonable cause to believe that a senior of-ficial provided such unsatisfactory leader-ship, the Board may recommend disciplinary action subject to the procedures in para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 5513. MANAGEMENT AND STAFF ACCOUNT-
ABILITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF STATE .— 
Nothing in this division or in any other pro-vision of law may be construed to prevent the Secretary from using all authorities in-vested in the office of Secretary to take per-sonnel action against any employee or offi-cial of the Department that the Secretary determines has breached the duty of that in-dividual or has engaged in misconduct or un-satisfactorily performed the duties of em-ployment of that individual, and such mis-conduct or unsatisfactory performance has significantly contributed to the serious in-jury, loss of life, or significant destruction of property, or a serious breach of security, even if such action is the subject of an Ac-countability Review Board’s examination under section 304(a) of the Diplomatic Secu-rity Act (22 U.S.C. 4834(a)). 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—Section 304 of the 
Diplomatic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4834) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘or has 
engaged in misconduct or unsatisfactorily performed the duties of employment of that individual, and such misconduct or unsatis-factory performance has significantly con-tributed to the serious injury, loss of life, or significant destruction of property, or the se-rious breach of security that is the subject of the Board’s examination as described in sub-section (a),’’ after ‘‘breached the duty of that individual’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) M
ANAGEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY .—When-
ever a Board determines that an individual has engaged in any conduct described in sub-section (c), the Board shall evaluate the level and effectiveness of management and oversight conducted by employees or offi-cials in the management chain of such indi-vidual.’’. 
SEC. 5514. SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS FOR SOFT 
TARGETS. 
Section 29 of the State Department Basic 
Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2701) is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting 
‘‘physical security enhancements and’’ after ‘‘Such assistance may include’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4161 June 15, 2015 
Subtitle C—Marine Corps Security Guard 
Program 
SEC. 5521. ADDITIONAL REPORTS ON EXPANSION 
AND ENHANCEMENT OF MARINE CORPS SECURITY GUARD PROGRAM. 
Section 1269(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 5983 note) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the date that is three years after such date’’ after ‘‘of this Act’’. 
Subtitle D—Defending High Threat, High 
Risk Posts 
SEC. 5531. DESIGNATION AND REPORTING FOR 
HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense, shall submit, to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives, a classified report, with an unclassi-fied summary, evaluating Department facili-ties that the Secretary determines to be high threat, high risk in accordance with sub-section (c). 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—For each facility deter-
mined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to subsection (a), the report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a narrative assessment describing the 
security threats and risks facing posts over-seas and the overall threat level to United States personnel under chief of mission au-thority; 
(2) the number of diplomatic security per-
sonnel, Marine Corps security guards, and other Department personnel dedicated to providing security for United States per-sonnel, information, and facilities; 
(3) an assessment of host nation willing-
ness and capability to provide protection in the event of a security threat or incident, pursuant to the obligations of the United States under the Vienna Convention on Con-sular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and the 1961 Vienna Convention on Dip-lomatic Relations, done at Vienna April 18, 1961; 
(4) an assessment of the quality and experi-
ence level of the team of United States sen-ior security personnel assigned to the facil-ity, considering collectively the assignment durations and lengths of government experi-ence; 
(5) the number of Foreign Service Officers 
who have received Foreign Affairs Counter Threat training; 
(6) a summary of the requests made during 
the previous calendar year for additional re-sources, equipment, or personnel related to the security of the facility and the status of such requests; 
(7) an assessment of the ability of United 
States personnel to respond to and survive a fire attack, including— 
(A) whether the facility has adequate fire 
safety and security equipment for safe ha-vens and safe areas; and 
(B) whether the employees working at the 
facility have been adequately trained on the equipment available; 
(8) if it is a new facility, a detailed descrip-
tion of the steps taken to provide security for the new facility, including whether a dedicated support cell was established in the Department to ensure proper and timely resourcing of security; and (9) a listing of any high threat, high risk 
facilities where the facilities of the Depart-ment and other government agencies are not collocated, including— 
(A) a rationale for the lack of collocation; 
and 
(B) a description of what steps, if any, are 
being taken to mitigate potential security vulnerabilities associated with the lack of collocation. 
(c) D
ETERMINATION OF HIGHTHREAT , HIGH 
RISKFACILITY .—In determining which facili-
ties of the Department constitute high threat, high risk facilities under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall take into account with respect to each facility whether there are— 
(1) high to critical levels of political vio-
lence or terrorism; 
(2) national or local governments with in-
adequate capacity or political will to provide appropriate protection; and 
(3) in locations where there are high to 
critical levels of political violence or ter-rorism or where national or local govern-ments lack the capacity or political will to provide appropriate protection— 
(A) mission physical security platforms 
that fall well below the Department’s estab-lished standards; or 
(B) security personnel levels that are insuf-
ficient for the circumstances. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW AND RE-
PORT .—The Inspector General for the Depart-
ment of State and the Broadcasting Board of Governors shall annually— 
(1) review the determinations of the Sec-
retary with respect to high threat, high risk facilities, including the basis for making such determinations; 
(2) review contingency planning for high 
threat, high risk facilities and evaluate the measures in place to respond to attacks on such facilities; 
(3) review the risk mitigation measures in 
place at high threat, high risk facilities to determine how the Secretary evaluates risk and whether the measures put in place suffi-ciently address the relevant risks; 
(4) review early warning systems in place 
at high threat, high risk facilities and evalu-ate the measures being taken to preempt and disrupt threats to such facilities; and 
(5) provide to the appropriate congres-
sional committees— 
(A) an assessment of the determinations of 
the Secretary with respect to high threat, high risk facilities, including recommenda-tions for additions or changes to the list of such facilities; and 
(B) a report on the reviews and evaluations 
undertaken pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (4). 
SEC. 5532. DESIGNATION AND REPORTING FOR 
HIGH-RISK COUNTERINTELLIGENCE THREAT POSTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; 
(F) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
(G) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(H) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives 
(2) P RIORITY 1 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE  
THREAT NATION .—The term ‘‘Priority 1 Coun-terintelligence Threat Nation’’ means a 
country designated as such by the October 2012 National Intelligence Priorities Frame-work (NIPF). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in conjunction with appro-priate officials in the intelligence commu-nity and the Secretary of Defense, shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress that assesses the counterintel-ligence threat to United States diplomatic facilities in Priority 1 Counterintelligence Threat Nations. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) an assessment of the use of locally em-
ployed staff and guard forces and a listing of diplomatic facilities in Priority 1 Counter-intelligence Threat Nations without con-trolled access areas; and 
(B) recommendations for mitigating any 
counterintelligence threats and for any nec-essary facility upgrades, including costs as-sessment of any recommended mitigation or upgrades. 
SEC. 5533. ENHANCED QUALIFICATIONS FOR DEP-
UTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
The Omnibus Diplomatic Security and 
Antiterrorism Act of 1986 is amended by in-serting after section 206 (22 U.S.C. 4824) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 207. DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF 
STATE FOR HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
‘‘The individual serving as Deputy Assist-
ant Secretary of State for High Threat, High Risk Posts shall have 1 or more of the fol-lowing qualifications: 
‘‘(1) Service during the last 6 years at 1 or 
more posts designated as high threat, high risk by the Secretary of State at the time of service. 
‘‘(2) Previous service as the office director 
or deputy director of 1 or more of the fol-lowing Department of State offices or suc-cessor entities carrying out substantively equivalent functions: 
‘‘(A) The Office of Mobile Security Deploy-
ments. 
‘‘(B) The Office of Special Programs and 
Coordination. 
‘‘(C) The Office of Overseas Protective Op-
erations. 
‘‘(D) The Office of Physical Security Pro-
grams. 
‘‘(E) The Office of Intelligence and Threat 
Analysis. 
‘‘(3) Previous service as the Regional Secu-
rity Officer at two or more overseas posts. 
‘‘(4) Other government or private sector ex-
perience substantially equivalent to service in the positions listed in paragraphs (1) through (3).’’. 
SEC. 5534. SECURITY ENVIRONMENT THREAT 
LIST BRIEFINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and upon each subsequent update of the Se-curity Environment Threat List (SETL), the Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security shall provide classified briefings to the appropriate congressional committees on the Security Environment Threat List. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The briefings required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an overview of the Security Environ-
ment Threat List; and 
(2) a summary assessment of the security 
posture of those facilities where the Security Environment Threat List assesses the threat environment to be most acute, including fac-tors that informed such assessment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4162 June 15, 2015 
SEC. 5535. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON IMPLE-MENTATION OF BENGHAZI AC-COUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARD REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that describes the progress of the Secretary in implementing the recommendations of the Benghazi Ac-countability Review Board. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the progress the Sec-
retary has made in implementing each spe-cific recommendation of the Accountability Review Board; and 
(2) a description of any impediments to 
recommended reforms, such as budget con-straints, bureaucratic obstacles within the Department or in the broader interagency community, or limitations under current law. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 5536. FOREIGN AFFAIRS SECURITY TRAIN-
ING CENTER. 
(a) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall pro-vide to the appropriate congressional com-mittees all documents and materials related to its consideration and analysis concerning the Foreign Affairs Security Training Center at Fort Picket, Virginia, and any alternative facilities. 
(b) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE .—Not later than 
60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees all documents and materials related to the de-termination to construct a new Foreign Af-fairs Security Training Center at Fort Pick-et, Virginia, including any that are related to the development and adoption of all re-lated training requirements, including any documents and materials related to the con-sideration and analysis of such facility per-formed by the Office of Management and Budget. 
SEC. 5537. LANGUAGE TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV of the Diplo-
matic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4851 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 416. LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS FOR DIP-
LOMATIC SECURITY PERSONNEL AS-SIGNED TO HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Diplomatic security per-
sonnel assigned permanently to, or who are serving in, long-term temporary duty status as designated by the Secretary of State at a high threat, high risk post should receive language training described in subsection (b) in order to prepare such personnel for duty requirements at such post. 
‘‘(b) L
ANGUAGE TRAINING DESCRIBED .—Lan-
guage training referred to in subsection (a) should prepare personnel described in such subsection— 
‘‘(1) to speak the language at issue with 
sufficient structural accuracy and vocabu-lary to participate effectively in most formal and informal conversations on subjects ger-mane to security; and 
‘‘(2) to read within an adequate range of 
speed and with almost complete comprehen-sion on subjects germane to security. 
‘‘(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than September 30, 2016, the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors shall— ‘‘(1) review the language training con-
ducted pursuant to this section; and 
‘‘(2) make the results of such review avail-
able to the Secretary of State and the appro-priate congressional committees.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Omnibus Diplomatic Secu-rity and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–399) is amended by inserting after the item relating the section 415 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 416. Language requirements for diplo-
matic security personnel as-signed to high threat, high risk posts.’’. 
Subtitle E—Accountability Review Boards 
SEC. 5541. PROVISION OF COPIES OF ACCOUNT-
ABILITY REVIEW BOARD REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 2 days after an Account-
ability Review Board provides its report to the Secretary of State in accordance with title III of the Omnibus Diplomatic and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4831 et seq.), the Secretary shall provide copies of the report to the appropriate congressional committees for retention and review by those committees. 
SEC. 5542. STAFFING. 
Section 302(b)(2) of the Diplomatic Secu-
rity Act (22 U.S.C. 4832(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such per-sons shall be drawn from bureaus or other agency subunits that are not impacted by the incident that is the subject of the Board’s review.’’. 
TITLE VI—MANAGEMENT AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 5601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited at the ‘‘Improving 
Department of State Oversight Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 5602. COMPETITIVE HIRING STATUS FOR 
FORMER EMPLOYEES OF THE SPE-CIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR IRAQ RECONSTRUCTION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any employee of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction who com-pletes at least 12 months of service at any time prior to the date of the termination of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Recon-struction (October 5, 2013), and was not ter-minated for cause shall acquire competitive status for appointment to any position in the competitive service for which the em-ployee possesses the required qualifications. 
SEC. 5603. ASSURANCE OF INDEPENDENCE OF IT 
SYSTEMS. 
The Secretary, with the concurrence of the 
Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors, shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the Department has made reasonable efforts to ensure the integrity and independence of the Office of the Inspec-tor General Information Technology sys-tems. 
SEC. 5604. PROTECTING THE INTEGRITY OF IN-
TERNAL INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 209(c)(5) of the Foreign Service Act 
of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(c)(5)) is amended by in-serting at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED REPORTING OF ALLEGATIONS  
AND INVESTIGATIONS AND INSPECTOR GENERAL  
AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each bureau, post or 
other office (in this subparagraph, an ‘enti-ty’) of the Department of State shall, within five business days, report to the Inspector General any allegations of— 
‘‘(I) waste, fraud, or abuse in a Department 
program or operation; 
‘‘(II) criminal or serious misconduct on the 
part of a Department employee at the FS–1, GS–15, GM–15 level or higher; 
‘‘(III) criminal misconduct on the part of 
any Department employee; and ‘‘(IV) serious, noncriminal misconduct on 
the part of any individual who is authorized to carry a weapon, make arrests, or conduct searches, such as conduct that, if proved, would constitute perjury or material dishon-esty, warrant suspension as discipline for a first offense, or result in loss of law enforce-ment authority. 
‘‘(ii) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUTHORITY .—The 
Inspector General may, pursuant to existing authority, investigate matters covered by clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON INVESTIGATIONS OUT -
SIDE OF OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .—No 
entity in the Department of State with con-current jurisdiction over matters covered by clause (i), including the Bureau of Diplo-matic Security, may initiate an investiga-tion of such matter unless it has first re-ported the allegations to the Inspector Gen-eral as required by clause (i), except as pro-vided in clause (v) and (vi). 
‘‘(iv) C
OOPERATION .—If an entity in the De-
partment of State initiates an investigation of a matter covered in clause (i) the entity must, except as provided in clause (v), fully cooperate with the Inspector General, in-cluding— 
‘‘(I) by providing to the Inspector General 
all data and records obtained in connection with its investigation upon request of the In-spector General; 
‘‘(II) by coordinating, at the request of the 
Inspector General, such entity’s investiga-tion with the Inspector General; and 
‘‘(III) by providing to the Inspector Gen-
eral requested support in aid of the Inspector General’s oversight and investigative respon-sibilities. 
‘‘(v) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Inspector General 
may prescribe general rules under which any requirement of clause (iii) or clause (iv) may be dispensed with. 
‘‘(vi) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .—Compli-
ance with clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of this subparagraph may be dispensed with by an entity of the Department of State if com-plying with them in an exigent circumstance would pose an imminent threat to human life, health or safety, or result in the irre-trievable loss or destruction of critical evi-dence or witness testimony, in which case a report of the allegation shall be made not later than 48 hours after an entity begins an investigation under the authority of this clause and cooperation required under clause (iv) shall commence not later than 48 hours after the relevant exigent circumstance has ended. 
‘‘(vii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subparagraph may be interpreted to af-fect any duty or authority of the Inspector General under any provision of law, includ-ing the Inspector General’s duties or au-thorities under the Inspector General Act.’’. 
SEC. 5605. REPORT ON INSPECTOR GENERAL IN-
SPECTION AND AUDITING OF FOR-EIGN SERVICE POSTS AND BUREAUS AND OPERATING UNITS DEPART-MENT OF STATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to Con-gress on the requirement under section 209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(a)(1)) that the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors inspect and audit, at least every 5 years, the administration of ac-tivities and operations of each Foreign Serv-ice post and each bureau and other operating unit of the Department. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF MULTI-TIER SYS-
TEM.—The report required under subsection 
(a) shall assess the advisability and feasi-bility of implementing a multi-tier system for inspecting Foreign Service posts fea-turing more (or less) frequent inspections 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4163 June 15, 2015 
and audits of posts based on risk, including 
security risk, as may be determined by the Inspector General. 
(c) C
OMPOSITION .—The report required 
under subsection (a) shall include separate portions prepared by the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors, and the Comptroller General of the United States, respectively. 
SA 2034. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. S CHU-
MER) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . RECRUITING SEPARATING SERVICE 
MEMBERS AS CUSTOMS AND BOR-DER PROTECTION OFFICERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) Customs and Border Protection Officers 
at United States ports of entry carry out critical law enforcement duties associated with screening foreign visitors, returning United States citizens, and imported cargo entering the United States; 
(2) it is in the national interest for United 
States ports of entry to be adequately staffed with Customs and Border Protection Officers in a timely fashion, including meet-ing the congressionally mandated staffing level of 23,775 officers for fiscal year 2015; 
(3) an estimated 250,000 to 300,000 members 
of the Armed Forces separate from military service every year; and 
(4) recruiting efforts and expedited hiring 
procedures should be undertaken to ensure that individuals separating from military service are aware of, and partake in, oppor-tunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection Officer positions. 
(b) E
XPEDITED HIRING OF APPROPRIATE SEP-
ARATING SERVICE MEMBERS .— 
(1) I DENTIFICATION OF TRANSFERABLE QUALI -
FICATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in conjunction with the Secretary of Defense, shall jointly identify Military Occupational Safety Codes, Air Force Specialty Codes, and Naval En-listed Classifications and Officer Designators and Coast Guard Competencies that are transferable to the requirements, qualifica-tions, and duties assigned to Customs and Border Protection Officers. 
(2) H
IRING .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall consider hiring qualified can-didates with the Military Occupational Safe-ty Codes, Air Force Specialty Codes, and Naval Enlisted Classifications and Officer Designators identified as transferable under paragraph (1) who are eligible for veterans recruitment appointment authorized under section 4214 of title 38, United States Code. 
(c) E
STABLISHING A PROGRAM FOR RECRUIT -
ING SERVICE MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM 
MILITARY SERVICE FOR CUSTOMS AND BORDER  
PROTECTION OFFICER VACANCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-junction with the Secretary of Defense, shall establish a program to actively recruit mem-bers of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The program established 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) include Customs and Border Protection 
Officer opportunities in relevant job assist-ance efforts under the Transition Assistance Program; 
(B) place U.S. Customs and Border Protec-
tion officials or other relevant Department of Homeland Security officials at recruiting events and jobs fairs involving members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service; 
(C) provide opportunities for local U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection field offices to partner with military bases in the region; 
(D) conduct outreach efforts to educate 
members of the Armed Forces with Military Occupational Safety Codes, Air Force Spe-cialty Codes, and Naval Enlisted Classifica-tions and Officer Designators that are trans-ferable to the requirements, qualifications, and duties assigned to Customs and Border Protection Officers; 
(E) require the Secretary of Defense and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to work cooperatively to identify shared activities and opportunities for reciprocity related to steps in hiring U.S. Customs and Border Pa-trol officers with the goal of minimizing the time required to hire qualified applicants; 
(F) require the Secretary of Defense and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to work cooperatively to ensure the streamlined interagency transfer of relevant background investigations and security clearances; and 
(G) include such other elements as may be 
necessary to ensure that members of the Armed Forces who are separating from mili-tary service are aware of opportunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection Offi-cer positions. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and December 31 of each year thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Defense shall jointly submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that includes a description and as-sessment of the program established under subsection (c). 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) a detailed description of the program 
established under subsection (c), including— 
(i) programmatic elements; (ii) goals associated with those elements; 
and 
(iii) a description of how the elements and 
goals will assist in meeting statutorily man-dated staffing levels and agency hiring benchmarks; 
(B) a detailed description of the program 
elements that have been implemented under subsection (c); 
(C) a detailed summary of the actions 
taken under subsection (c) to implement such program elements; 
(D) the number of separating service mem-
bers made aware of Customs and Border Pro-tection Officer vacancies; 
(E) the Military Occupational Safety 
Codes, Air Force Specialty Codes, and Naval Enlisted Classifications and Officer Designa-tors identified as transferable under sub-section (b)(1) and a rationale for such identi-fications; 
(F) the number of Customs and Border Pro-
tection Officer vacancies filled with sepa-rating service members; 
(G) the number of Customs and Border Pro-
tection Officer vacancies filled with sepa-rating service members under Veterans’ Re-cruitment Appointment authorized under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–339); and 
(H) the results of any evaluations or con-
siderations of additional elements included or not included in the program established 
under subsection (c). 
(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed— 
(1) as superseding, altering, or amending 
existing Federal veterans’ hiring preferences or Federal hiring authorities; or 
(2) to authorize the appropriation of addi-
tional amounts to carry out this section. 
SA 2035. Mr. TESTER (for himself 
and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. ACCESS TO CRIMINAL HISTORY 
RECORDS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND OTHER PURPOSES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 9101(a) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) The terms ‘Security Executive Agent’ 
and ‘Suitability Executive Agent’ mean the Security Executive Agent and the Suit-ability Executive Agent, respectively, estab-lished under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto.’’. 
(b) C
OVERED AGENCIES .—Section 9101(a)(6) 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
‘‘(H) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
‘‘(I) An Executive agency that— ‘‘(i) is authorized to conduct background 
investigations under a Federal statute; or 
‘‘(ii) is delegated authority to conduct 
background investigations in accordance with procedures established by the Security Executive Agent or the Suitability Execu-tive Agent under subsection (b) or (c)(iv) of section 2.3 of Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
‘‘(J) A contractor that conducts a back-
ground investigation on behalf of an agency described in subparagraphs (A) through (I).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABLE PURPOSES OF INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Section 9101(b)(1) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; 
(2) in the matter preceding clause (i), as re-
designated— 
(A) by striking ‘‘the head of’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘criminal his-
tory record information’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of deter-
mining eligibility for any of the following:’’ and inserting ‘‘, in accordance with Federal Investigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Suitability Executive Agent and Se-curity Executive Agent, for the purpose of— 
‘‘(A) determining eligibility for—’’; (3) in clause (i), as redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘Access’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-
cess’’; and 
(B) by striking the period and inserting a 
semicolon; 
(4) in clause (ii), as redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘Assignment’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘assignment’’; and 
(B) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘or 
positions;’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.025 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4164 June 15, 2015 
(5) in clause (iii), as redesignated— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Acceptance’’ and inserting 
‘‘acceptance’’; and 
(B) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
or’’; 
(6) in clause (iv), as redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘Appointment’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘appointment’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘or a critical or sensitive 
position’’; and 
(C) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
or’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) conducting a basic suitability or fit-
ness assessment for Federal or contractor employees, using Federal Investigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Secu-rity Executive Agent and the Suitability Ex-ecutive Agent in accordance with— 
‘‘(i) Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 
38103), or any successor thereto; and 
‘‘(ii) the Office of Management and Budget 
Memorandum ‘Assignment of Functions Re-lating to Coverage of Contractor Employee Fitness in the Federal Investigative Stand-ards’, dated December 6, 2012; 
‘‘(C) credentialing under the Homeland Se-
curity Presidential Directive 12 (dated Au-gust 27, 2004); and 
‘‘(D) Federal Aviation Administration 
checks required under— 
‘‘(i) the Federal Aviation Administration 
Drug Enforcement Assistance Act of 1988 
(subtitle E of title VII of Public Law 100–690; 102 Stat. 4424) and the amendments made by that Act; or 
‘‘(ii) section 44710 of title 49.’’. 
(d) B
IOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC SEARCHES .— 
Section 9101(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2)(A) A State central criminal history 
record depository shall allow a covered agen-cy to conduct both biometric and biographic searches of criminal history record informa-tion. 
‘‘(B) Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be 
construed to prohibit the Federal Bureau of Investigation from requiring a request for criminal history record information to be ac-companied by the fingerprints of the indi-vidual who is the subject of the request.’’. 
(e) U
SE OF MOSTCOST-EFFECTIVE SYSTEM .— 
Section 9101(e) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(6) If a criminal justice agency is able to 
provide the same information through more than 1 system described in paragraph (1), a covered agency may request information under subsection (b) from the criminal jus-tice agency, and require the criminal justice agency to provide the information, using the system that is most cost-effective for the Federal Government.’’. 
(f) S
EALED OR EXPUNGED RECORDS ; JUVE-
NILE RECORDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 9101(a)(2) of title 
5, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the first sentence, by inserting be-
fore the period the following: ‘‘, and includes any analogous juvenile records’’; and 
(B) by striking the third sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘The term includes those records of a State or locality sealed pursuant to law if such records are accessible by State and local criminal justice agencies for the purpose of conducting background checks.’’. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Federal Government should not uniformly reject applicants for employment with the Federal Government or Federal contractors based on— 
(A) sealed or expunged criminal records; or (B) juvenile records. 
(g) I
NTERACTION WITHLAWENFORCEMENT  
AND INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES ABROAD .—Sec-
tion 9101 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) Upon request by a covered agency and 
in accordance with the applicable provisions of this section, the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of State for Overseas Citizens Serv-ices shall make available criminal history record information collected by the Deputy Assistant Secretary with respect to an indi-vidual who is under investigation by the cov-ered agency regarding any interaction of the individual with a law enforcement agency or intelligence agency of a foreign country.’’. 
(h) C
LARIFICATION OF SECURITY REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR CONTRACTORS CONDUCTING BACK-
GROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Section 9101 of 
title 5, United States Code, as amended by this section, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) If a contractor described in subsection 
(a)(6)(J) uses an automated information de-livery system to request criminal history record information, the contractor shall comply with any necessary security require-ments for access to that system.’’. 
(i) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—Section 7512 of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) a suitability action taken by the Of-
fice under regulations prescribed by the Of-fice, subject to the rules prescribed by the President under this title for the administra-tion of the competitive service.’’. 
(j) A
NNUAL REPORT BY SUITABILITY AND SE-
CURITY CLEARANCE PERFORMANCE ACCOUNT -
ABILITY COUNCIL .—Section 9101 of title 5, 
United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) The Suitability and Security Clear-
ance Performance Accountability Council es-tablished under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, an annual report that— 
‘‘(1) describes efforts of the Council to inte-
grate Federal, State, and local systems for sharing criminal history record information; 
‘‘(2) analyzes the extent and effectiveness 
of Federal education programs regarding criminal history record information; 
‘‘(3) provides an update on the implementa-
tion of best practices for sharing criminal history record information, including ongo-ing limitations experienced by investigators working for or on behalf of a covered agency with respect to access to State and local criminal history record information; and 
‘‘(4) provides a description of limitations 
on the sharing of information relevant to a background investigation, other than crimi-nal history record information, between— 
‘‘(A) investigators working for or on behalf 
of a covered agency; and 
‘‘(B) State and local law enforcement agen-
cies.’’. 
(k) GAO R
EPORT ON ENHANCING INTEROPER -
ABILITY AND REDUCING REDUNDANCY IN FED-
ERAL CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION  
ACCESS CONTROL , BACKGROUND CHECK , AND 
CREDENTIALING STANDARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a re-port on the background check, access con-trol, and credentialing requirements of Fed-eral programs for the protection of critical infrastructure and key resources. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Comptroller General 
shall include in the report required under paragraph (1)— 
(A) a summary of the major characteristics 
of each such Federal program, including the types of infrastructure and resources cov-ered; 
(B) a comparison of the requirements, 
whether mandatory or voluntary in nature, for regulated entities under each such pro-gram to— 
(i) conduct background checks on employ-
ees, contractors, and other individuals; 
(ii) adjudicate the results of a background 
check, including the utilization of a stand-ardized set of disqualifying offenses or the consideration of minor, non-violent, or juve-nile offenses; and 
(iii) establish access control systems to 
deter unauthorized access, or provide a secu-rity credential for any level of access to a covered facility or resource; 
(C) a review of any efforts that the Screen-
ing Coordination Office of the Department of Homeland Security has undertaken or plans to undertake to harmonize or standardize background check, access control, or credentialing requirements for critical infra-structure and key resource protection pro-grams overseen by the Department; and 
(D) recommendations, developed in con-
sultation with appropriate stakeholders, re-garding— 
(i) enhancing the interoperability of secu-
rity credentials across critical infrastruc-ture and key resource protection programs; 
(ii) eliminating the need for redundant 
background checks or credentials across ex-isting critical infrastructure and key re-source protection programs; 
(iii) harmonizing, where appropriate, the 
standards for identifying potentially dis-qualifying criminal offenses and the weight assigned to minor, nonviolent, or juvenile of-fenses in adjudicating the results of a com-pleted background check; and 
(iv) the development of common, risk- 
based standards with respect to the back-ground check, access control, and security credentialing requirements for critical infra-structure and key resource protection pro-grams. 
SA 2036. Mr. TESTER (for himself 
and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT OF PER-
SONNEL SECURITY, INSIDER THREAT DETECTION AND PREVEN-TION, AND PHYSICAL SECURITY. 
(a) P ERSONNEL SECURITY AND INSIDER  
THREAT PROTECTION IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .— 
(1) P LANS AND SCHEDULES .—Consistent with 
the Memorandum of the Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.027 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4165 June 15, 2015 
dated March 18, 2014, regarding the rec-
ommendations of the reviews of the Wash-ington Navy Yard shooting, the Secretary of Defense shall develop plans and schedules— 
(A) to implement a continuous evaluation 
capability for the national security popu-lation for which clearance adjudications are conducted by the Department of Defense Central Adjudication Facility, in coordina-tion with the Suitability Executive Agent, the Security Executive Agent, and the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget; 
(B) to produce a Department-wide insider 
threat strategy and implementation plan, which includes— 
(i) resourcing for the Defense Insider 
Threat Management and Analysis Center (DITMAC) and component insider threat pro-grams, and 
(ii) alignment of insider threat protection 
programs with continuous evaluation capa-bilities and processes for personnel security; 
(C) to centralize the authority, account-
ability, and programmatic integration re-sponsibilities, including fiscal control, for personnel security and insider threat protec-tion under the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; 
(D) to align the Department’s consolidated 
Central Adjudication Facility under the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; 
(E) to develop a defense security enterprise 
reform investment strategy to ensure a con-sistent, long-term focus on funding to strengthen all of the Department’s security and insider threat programs, policies, func-tions, and information technology capabili-ties, including detecting threat behaviors conveyed in the cyber domain, in a manner that keeps pace with evolving threats and risks; 
(F) to resource and expedite deployment of 
the Identity Management Enterprise Serv-ices Architecture (IMESA); and 
(G) to implement the recommendations 
contained in the study conducted by the Di-rector of Cost Analysis and Program Evalua-tion required by section 907 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1564 note), including, specifically, the recommendations to centrally manage and regulate Depart-ment of Defense requests for personnel secu-rity background investigations. 
(2) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing the plans and schedules required under paragraph (1). 
(b) P
HYSICAL AND LOGICAL ACCESS .—Not 
later than 270 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense shall define 
physical and logical access standards, capa-bilities, and processes applicable to all per-sonnel with access to Department of Defense installations and information technology systems, including— 
(A) periodic or regularized background or 
records checks appropriate to the type of physical or logical access involved, the secu-rity level, the category of individuals au-thorized, and the level of access to be grant-ed; 
(B) standards and methods for verifying 
the identity of individuals seeking access; and 
(C) electronic attribute-based access con-
trols that are appropriate for the type of ac-cess and facility or information technology system involved; 
(2) the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget and the Chair of the Per-formance Accountability Council, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of General Services, and in consultation with representatives from stakeholder organizations, shall design a ca-
pability to share and apply electronic iden-tity information across the Government to enable real-time, risk-managed physical and logical access decisions; and 
(3) the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget, in conjunction with the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and in consultation with representa-tives from stakeholder organizations, shall establish investigative and adjudicative standards for the periodic or regularized re-evaluation of the eligibility of an individual to retain credentials issued pursuant to Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12 (dated August 27, 2004), as appropriate, but not less frequently than the authorization period of the issued credentials. 
(c) S
ECURITY ENTERPRISE MANAGEMENT .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall— 
(1) formalize the Security, Suitability, and 
Credentialing Line of Business; 
(2) submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committee that describes plans— 
(A) for oversight by the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget of activities of the execu-tive branch of the Government for personnel security, suitability, and credentialing; 
(B) to designate enterprise shared services 
to optimize investments; 
(C) to define and implement data standards 
to support common electronic access to crit-ical Government records; and 
(D) to reduce the burden placed on Govern-
ment data providers by centralizing requests for records access and ensuring proper shar-ing of the data with appropriate investiga-tive and adjudicative elements. 
(d) R
ECIPROCITY MANAGEMENT .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Performance Ac-countability Council shall ensure that— 
(1) a centralized system is available to 
serve as the reciprocity management system for the Federal Government; and 
(2) the centralized system described in 
paragraph (1) is aligned with, and incor-porates results from, continuous evaluation and other enterprise reform initiatives. 
(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Performance Accountability Council, in co-ordination with the Security Executive Agent, the Suitability Executive Agent, and the Secretary of Defense, shall jointly de-velop a plan to— 
(1) implement the Security Executive 
Agent Directive on common, standardized employee and contractor security reporting requirements; 
(2) establish and implement uniform re-
porting requirements for employees and Fed-eral contractors, according to risk, relative to the safety of the workforce and protection of the most sensitive information of the Gov-ernment; and 
(3) ensure that reported information is 
shared appropriately. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(C) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives; 
(2) the term ‘‘Performance Accountability 
Council’’ means the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor 
thereto; and 
(3) the terms ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ 
and ‘‘Suitability Executive Agent’’ mean the Security Executive Agent and the Suit-ability Executive Agent, respectively, estab-lished under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
SA 2037. Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. M CCAIN) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-
fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. PILOT PROGRAM TO IMPROVE ACCESS 
TO COMMERCIAL INNOVATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH PROGRAM .— 
The Secretary of Defense may conduct a pro-gram to increase access to commercial inno-vation to meet the mission critical tech-nology needs of the Department of Defense. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The program authorized 
under this section may include the following elements: 
(1) Funding qualified non-profit entities 
that invest in privately-held companies that are developing technologies that are poten-tially mission critical to the Department of Defense and that have secured investments from ‘‘venture capital funds’’ (as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to section 203(l) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C 80b–3(l)) sub-ject to the following conditions: 
(A) The Secretary of Defense shall appoint 
an individual to manage all such invest-ments who possesses demonstrated knowl-edge and experience in— 
(i) understanding developing technologies; 
and 
(ii) managing investments in ‘‘venture cap-
ital funds’’ (as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to section 203(l) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C 80b–3(l)). 
(B) For each investment in a qualified non- 
profit entity, the Secretary of Defense shall secure the ability to select at least one mem-ber of the qualified non-profit entity’s board of directors, board of trustees, or equivalent governing body to actively monitor the De-partment of Defense’s investment in the qualified non-profit entity. 
(C) The Secretary of Defense shall provide 
to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report describing each of the Department of Defense’s investments in each qualified non- profit entity, including, at a minimum— 
(i) a description and evaluation of the De-
partment of Defense mission each such in-vestment is intended to help accomplish; and 
(ii) a financial evaluation that estimates 
the current and projected value the Depart-ment of Defense is securing from each of its investments. 
(2) Conducting cost-effective outreach ef-
forts and establishing points of entry for non-traditional defense contractors whose products and technologies could be acquired by the Department of Defense. 
(3) Training Federal acquisition personnel 
in innovative acquisition techniques to ac-cess non-traditional defense contractors. 
(4) Use of other transactions authority 
under section 2371 of title 10, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.029 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4166 June 15, 2015 
Code, and authority to award prizes for ad-
vanced technology achievements under sec-tion 2374a of such title. 
(c) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTOINTELLIGENCE  
COMMUNITY CONTRACTS AND OTHER AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of Defense is author-
ized to use intelligence community contracts and other agreements to meet the needs of the program established under this section. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the unobligated 
amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 for the Office of the Secretary of Defense for science and technology, $10,000,000 may be used for tech-nology innovation, as described in the re-programming action prior approval request submitted by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to Congress on May 15, 2015. 
(2) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE  
FUND .—The Defense Acquisition Workforce 
Development Fund may be used for the training of Department of Defense employees under this section. 
(e) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out 
the pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 2038. Mr. CARDIN (for himself 
and Mr. C ORKER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1261 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1261. MARITIME SECURITY CAPACITY 
BUILDING PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State is 
authorized, using funds transferred pursuant to subsection (b), to provide assistance for the purpose of increasing maritime security and domain awareness for countries in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION OF ASSISTANCE .—Assist-
ance provided by the Secretary under this section shall be known as the ‘‘Maritime Se-curity Capacity Building Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION OF LIMITATIONS .—The 
Secretary may provide assistance under this section without regard to any other provi-sion of law, other than section 620J of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2378d)). 
(b) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall transfer, from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for the Depart-ment of Defense by this Act, $50,000,000 to the Secretary of State for the Program. Any amount so transferred shall be deposited in the ‘‘Foreign Military Finance’’ account for purposes of the Program. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE COUNTRIES .—In selecting coun-
tries in the Asia-Pacific region to which as-sistance is to be provided under the Pro-gram, the Secretary of State shall prioritize the provision of assistance to countries that will contribute to the achievement of fol-lowing objectives: 
(1) Retaining unhindered access to and use 
of international waterways in the Asia-Pa-cific region that are critical to ensuring the security and free flow of commerce and achieving United States national security objectives. (2) Improving maritime domain awareness 
in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(3) Countering piracy in the Asia-Pacific 
region. 
(4) Disrupting illicit maritime trafficking 
activities and other forms of maritime traf-ficking activity in the Asia-Pacific that di-rectly benefit organizations that have been determined to be a security threat to the United States. 
(5) Enhancing the maritime capabilities of 
a country or regional organization to re-spond to emerging threats to maritime secu-
rity in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ASSISTANCE .—In car-
rying out the purpose of the Program, the Secretary of State— 
(1) shall place priority on assistance to en-
hance the maritime security capabilities of the military or security forces of countries in the Asia-Pacific region that have mari-time missions and the government agencies responsible for such forces; and 
(2) may provide assistance to a country in 
the Asia-Pacific region to enhance the capa-bilities of that country, or of a regional or-ganization that includes that country, to conduct one or more of the following: 
(A) Maritime intelligence, surveillance, 
and reconnaissance. 
(B) Littoral and port security. (C) Coast guard operations. (D) Command and control. (E) Management and oversight of maritime 
activities. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary of 
State shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress each year a report on the status of the provision of equipment, training, supplies or other services provided pursuant to the Program during the pre-ceding year. 
(f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee of Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee of Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1261A. REPORT ON PLANS FOR THE MAINTE-
NANCE OF FREEDOM OF OPER-ATIONS IN INTERNATIONAL WATERS AND AIRSPACE IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC MARITIME DOMAINS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report (in classified form) setting forth a plan, for each of the six-month, one- year, and three-year periods beginning on the date of such report, for Freedom of Navi-gation Assertions, Shows of Force, bilateral and multilateral military exercises, Port Calls, Training, and assistance intended to enhance the maritime capabilities, respond to emerging threats, and maintain freedom of operations in international waters and airspace in the Asia-Pacific maritime do-mains. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee of Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee of Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2039. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. FRANKEN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ROLE OF 
CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER IN RESOURCES, PLANNING, AND PORT-FOLIO MANAGEMENT OF HIGH-PER-FORMANCE COMPUTING BY THE DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, in applying the implementa-tion guidance for section 11319 of title 40, United States Code (M–15–14, dated June 10, 2015), the Department of Energy and the Of-fice of Management and Budget should work collaboratively to— 
(1) ensure the unique issues associated 
with the Department of Energy’s High Per-formance Computing (HPC) program are given appropriate consideration; 
(2) avoid unnecessarily duplicating the De-
partment of Energy’s existing project man-agement processes for the HPC program; and 
(3) avoid creating any unnecessary layers 
of approval that may impede the Department of Energy’s deployment of mission-critical HPC systems. 
SA 2040. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. G RAHAM , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. P ETERS , and 
Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 355. STARBASE PROGRAM. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 and available for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4301— 
(1) the amount available for the 
STARBASE program is hereby increased by $25,000,000; and 
(2) the amount available by reason of in-
creased bulk fuel cost savings is hereby de-creased by $25,000,000. 
SA 2041. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.030 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4167 June 15, 2015 
military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1005. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUDIT AND FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT PROC-ESSES. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall obtain from an entity inde-pendent of the Department of Defense se-lected by the Secretary for purposes of this section an assessment of the audit and finan-cial management processes of the Depart-ment. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A comparison of the audit and financial 
management processes of the Department with the audit and financial management processes of other appropriate Federal agen-cies, and appropriate private sector entities, including the qualifications of officials re-sponsible for audit oversight and compli-ance, for purposes of identifying best prac-tices to be adopted by the Department for its audit and financial management processes. 
(B) An analysis of the progress and invest-
ments made by the Department under its Fi-nancial Improvement and Audit Readiness (FIAR) Plan, and a comparison of such progress and investment with the progress and investments made by other Federal agencies under their Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness Plans, for purposes of determining the extent to which Department progress on financial management and audit readiness is consistent with results achieved by other appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate private sector entities. 
(C) An identification of recommendations 
on policies and management and other ac-tivities that could be undertaken by the De-partment to enhance its audit and financial management processes in order to obtain and maintain clean audit opinions of its finan-cial statement as effectively and efficiently as possible. 
(3) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the entity conducting the assessment required by paragraph (1) has ac-cess to all the information, data, and re-sources necessary to conduct the assessment in a timely manner. 
(4) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall require 
the entity conducting the assessment re-quired by paragraph (1) to submit to the Sec-retary and the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the assessment by not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(b) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receiving the report described in sub-section (a)(4), the Secretary shall transmit the report to Congress, together with the fol-lowing: 
(1) An analysis by the Secretary of the 
findings and recommendations of the report. 
(2) A description of the response of the De-
partment to such finding and recommenda-tions. 
(3) Such other matters with respect to the 
audit and financial management processes of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SA 2042. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-
tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. AVAILABILITY OF CERTAIN INSPEC-
TOR GENERAL REPORTS. 
Section 312 of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c)(1) Whenever the Inspector General, in 
carrying out the duties and responsibilities established under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), issues a report or 
audit (or any portion of any report or audit) in final form, the Inspector General shall— 
‘‘(A) submit the report or audit (or portion 
of report or audit), as the case may be, to— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(iv) if the report or audit (or portion of 
report or audit) was initiated upon request by an individual or entity other than the In-spector General, that individual or entity, using reasonable and appropriate efforts; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 3 days after the report 
or audit (or portion of report or audit), as the case may be, is submitted in final form to the Secretary, post the report or audit (or portion of report or audit) on the Internet website of the Inspector General. 
‘‘(2) Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed to authorize the public disclosure of information that is specifically prohibited from disclosure by any other provision of law.’’. 
SA 2043. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself 
and Mr. E NZI) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 344. REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES FOR CER-
TAIN FIRE SUPPRESSION SERVICES AS A RESULT OF FIRE CAUSED BY MILITARY TRAINING OR OTHER AC-TIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES OR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, upon application by a State, reimburse the State for the reasonable costs of the State for fire suppression services coordi-nated by the State as a result of a wildland fire caused by military training or other ac-tions of units or members of the Armed Forces in Federal status or employees of the Department of Defense on a military train-ing installation owned by the State. A State may apply for reimbursement under this sec-tion only if a personal damage or loss claim caused by the fire concerned was awarded under the Federal Tort Claims Act. (2) S
ERVICES COVERED .—Services reimburs-
able under this subsection shall be limited to services proximately related to the fire for which reimbursement is sought under this subsection. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section 
shall apply to Department-owned military training installations. Nothing in this sec-tion shall affect existing memoranda of un-derstanding between Department-owned military training installations and local gov-ernments. Reimbursement may not be made under this section for any services for which a claim may be made under the Federal Tort Claims Act. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—Each application of a 
State for reimbursement for costs under sub-section (a) shall set forth an itemized re-quest of the services covered by the applica-tion, including the costs of such services. 
(c) F
UNDS .—Reimbursements under sub-
section (a) shall be made from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance. 
SA 2044. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself 
and Mr. E NZI) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. USE OF THE NATIONAL GUARD FOR 
SUPPORT OF CIVILIAN FIRE-FIGHTING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Modular Airborne Firefighting System Flexibility Act’’. 
(b) O
PERATIONAL USEAUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 32, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 116. Operational use: support for civilian 
firefighting activities 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense may authorize 
members and units of the National Guard performing duty under section 328(b), 502(f), or 709(a) of this title, or on active duty under title 10, to support firefighting operations, missions, and activities, including aerial firefighting employment of the Mobile Air-borne Firefighting System (MAFFS), under-taken in support of a request from the Na-tional Interagency Fire Center or another Federal agency.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘116. Operational use: support for civilian 
firefighting activities.’’. 
SA 2045. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
GRAHAM ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.032 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4168 June 15, 2015 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1085. INCREASE IN SPECIAL PENSION FOR 
MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1562(a) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) D
ELAY OF ANNUAL COST OF LIVING AD -
JUSTMENT .—The Secretary shall not make an 
increase pursuant to subsection (e) of section 1562 of such title effective December 1, 2015, if the amendment made by subsection (a) takes effect before such date. 
SA 2046. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1927 submitted by Mr. I
SAKSON and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, strike lines 3 through 6. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 15, 2015, at 5:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 15, 2015, at 5 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Lifting Sanctions on Iran: Practical Implica-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Jessica Cleary, a Navy fellow in my office, be granted privileges of the floor through the end of the calendar year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FEDERAL VEHICLE REPAIR COST 
SAVINGS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 101, S. 565. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 565) to reduce the operation and 
maintenance costs associated with the Fed-
eral fleet by encouraging the use of remanu-factured parts, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 565) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 565 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Ve-
hicle Repair Cost Savings Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that, in March 2013, the 
Government Accountability Office issued a report that confirmed that— 
(1) there are approximately 588,000 vehicles 
in the civilian Federal fleet; 
(2) Federal agencies spent approximately 
$975,000,000 on repair and maintenance of the Federal fleet in 2011; 
(3) remanufactured vehicle components, 
such as engines, starters, alternators, steer-ing racks, and clutches, tend to be less ex-pensive than comparable new replacement parts; and 
(4) the United States Postal Service and 
the Department of the Interior both in-formed the Government Accountability Of-fice that the respective agencies rely on the use of remanufactured vehicle components to reduce costs. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Federal agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code; and 
(2) the term ‘‘remanufactured vehicle com-
ponent’’ means a vehicle component (includ-ing an engine, transmission, alternator, starter, turbocharger, steering, or suspen-sion component) that has been returned to same-as-new, or better, condition and per-formance by a standardized industrial proc-ess that incorporates technical specifica-tions (including engineering, quality, and testing standards) to yield fully warranted products. 
SEC. 4. REQUIREMENT TO USE REMANUFAC-
TURED VEHICLE COMPONENTS. 
The head of each Federal agency— 
(1) shall encourage the use of remanufac-
tured vehicle components to maintain Fed-eral vehicles, if using such components re-duces the cost of maintaining the Federal ve-hicles while maintaining quality; and 
(2) shall not encourage the use of remanu-
factured vehicle components to maintain Federal vehicles, if using such components— 
(A) does not reduce the cost of maintaining 
Federal vehicles; 
(B) lowers the quality of vehicle perform-
ance, as determined by the employee of the Federal agency responsible for the repair de-cision; or 
(C) delays the return to service of a vehi-
cle. 
f 
JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. 
Res. 201, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 201) designating June 
19, 2015, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 201) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
WORLD ELDER ABUSE 
AWARENESS DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 202, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 202) designating June 
15, 2015, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 202) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 16; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 1735, with the time until 11:30 a.m. equally divided in the usual form; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.033 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4169 June 15, 2015 
further, that the filing deadline for all 
second-degree amendments to H.R. 1735 and the McCain substitute amendment No. 1463 be at 12:15 p.m. tomorrow; fi-nally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:06 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 16, 2015, at 10 a.m. CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate June 15, 2015: 
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION  
AND DEVELOPMENT  
MATTHEW T. MCGUIRE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE UNITED STATES EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
GENTRY O. SMITH, OF NORTH CAROLINA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF FOREIGN MISSIONS, AND TO HAVE THE RANK OF AM-BASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.028 S15JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E893 June 15, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO M CDERMOTT AND 
SON ROOFING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the McDermott and Son Roofing Company of At-lantic, Iowa, which is celebrating 80 years in business. McDermott and Son Roofing is a four-generation, family-owned business that has been operating in southwest Iowa since 1935. 
Ted McDermott, the first owner of the busi-
ness could be described as the ‘‘classic entre-preneur.’’ Mr. McDermott farmed, worked con-struction, and when he realized there was a need in the community, he founded the roofing company. Today, McDermott and Son Roofing Company is owned and operated by his great- grandson, Rob Clausen, and his wife, Sonya. The business is a Master Elite Contractor for Duro Last Roofing products, and they are the recipient of the highest quality award given by Duro Last Roofing. Over the past 80 years, the company has experienced many changes within the roofing industry and with roofing products used. McDermott and Son Roofing takes great pride in the customer services they provide to the Atlantic area and south-west Iowa. The business cherishes the many friends and customers they have served for the past 80 years. 
I commend McDermott and Son Roofing 
and their staff for their 80 years of dedicated service to southwest Iowa. I urge my col-leagues in the House to join me in congratu-lating McDermott and Son Roofing for their many achievements in the roofing industry. I wish them and all of their employees nothing but success moving forward. 
f 
CONGRATULATING YOUTHHOPE ON 
ITS 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate YouthHope on its 20th anniver-sary. 
For two decades now, YouthHope has been 
a safe, educational, and fun environment for children and teens from the Illinois Quad-Cit-ies. YouthHope is an excellent example of how a group of dedicated citizens can have an outsized impact on their community. As a mother, I appreciate how important it is to pro-tect our children and provide them with posi-tive role models, encouragement and avenues to success, the very elements that YouthHope has provided to our young people for the last twenty years. 
The staff, volunteers and everyone else in-
volved at YouthHope should be truly proud of the impact that they have had on young peo-
ple’s lives in the Quad-Cities. I hope that oth-ers in our community and throughout the en-tire state of Illinois and country will look to YouthHope as a model for strengthening and giving back to the areas in which we live. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to again congratu-
late YouthHope on its 20th anniversary. I look forward to hearing more about YouthHope’s good work over the next twenty years and be-yond. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID HOLDEN 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
solemn memory of my friend David Holden who went to be with the Lord on June 8, 2015. 
Dave was a great family man and role 
model in our community. 
He was an active leader in the Saline Area 
Schools, serving as President and Vice Presi-dent of the Board of Education. His three sons—Dylan, Derek, and Reed—all graduated from Saline High School. 
Dave also volunteered his time as a basket-
ball and baseball coach in the area for 16 years. 
He truly understood the meaning of civic 
duty, as he reminded us through his example day in and day out. 
The countless hours he spent to better our 
community, especially in the area of edu-cation, will not be forgotten. 
The citizens of Saline and Washtenaw 
County are fortunate to have had a man of Dave’s character and dedication as a leader in our community. He will be greatly missed. 
On behalf of this Congress, I offer our deep-
est sympathies to his wife, Raye, his three sons, and his extended family and friends. Our heartfelt prayers are with them during this dif-ficult time. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SOUTHWEST IOWA 
MENTAL HEALTH CENTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Southwest Iowa Mental Health Center of Atlantic, Iowa for 50 years of service to Southwest Iowa. This 50th anniver-sary is a testament of the great work that is performed every day by the staff at Southwest Iowa Mental Health Center. 
The Southwest Iowa Mental Health Center 
partners with the Cass County Health System to meet the needs of children, adolescents and adults. The treatment team includes board-certified professionals in disciplines of psychiatry, social work, psychology and psy-
chiatric nursing. Their specialized areas of ex-pertise include child and adolescent psychi-atry, family therapy, psychological testing, psy-chotherapy and marital therapy. Inpatient and outpatient services include 24-hour emergency care, consultation, evaluation, education, tar-geted case management, school-based mental health services, employee assistance pro-grams, and integrated health programs. 
I commend the Southwest Iowa Mental 
Health Center and the staff for providing dedi-cated, committed and crucial mental health care to the Southwest Iowa area and the Cass County community. There is great work being done every day at the Southwest Iowa Mental Health Center. I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating the South-west Iowa Mental Health Center for achieving 50 years of service. I wish them and all of the staff the best of luck moving forward. 
f 
HONORING DR. SADIQ MOHYUDDIN, 
MRS. TALAT GUL MOHYUDDIN AND DR. YUSUF MOHYUDDIN 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor my constituents, Dr. Sadiq Mohyuddin, Mrs. Talat Gul Mohyuddin, and their son Dr. Yusuf Mohyuddin, who have established an endowment fund at OSF St. Anthony’s Health Center in Southwestern Illi-nois to promote and enhance pulmonary medi-cine. 
Forty-four years ago, Dr. Sadiq Mohyuddin 
began serving on the medical staff at St. An-thony’s, consistently demonstrating a dedica-tion to promoting pulmonary disease aware-ness and prevention. 
In 2007, Dr. Sadiq Mohyuddin’s son, Dr. 
Yusuf Mohyuddin, joined the St. Anthony’s Physician Group, further demonstrating this family’s dedication to the well-being of their community. 
This dedication has been evident for years. 
In 1989, Dr. Mohyuddin served as chairman for an oriental garden project that was do-nated to the city of Alton and, to this day, serves as a reminder of the family’s commit-ment to their community 
I am proud to recognize the Mohyuddin fam-
ily’s most recent endeavor of establishing an endowment fund to promote and enhance pul-monary medicine. The endowment will not just increase awareness and prevention of pul-monary diseases, but will also support techno-logical advances in both Illinois and Missouri. 
As more than 20 percent of all cancer cases 
at St. Anthony’s are lung and bronchus cases, this new endowment will benefit and make a significant impact on the region’s healthcare system. 
I am proud to honor them for their exem-
plary efforts to save lives and improve the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.001 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E894 June 15, 2015 
healthcare services throughout the south-
western Illinois and Missouri. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF RISK-BASED 
CAPITAL STUDY ACT OF 2015 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
discuss my bill, the Risk-Based Capital Study Act of 2015. My legislation requires the NCUA to perform a study of appropriate capital re-quirements for credit unions to ensure that these institutions and their members are not harmed by overregulation that suggests a so-lution in search of a problem. 
On January 15, 2015, the National Credit 
Union Administration (NCUA) Board, in a 2–1 vote, issued a revised risk-based capital pro-posed rule for credit unions. While the revised proposal addresses some concerns expressed by Congress and by credit unions regarding the initial proposal, it still has raised a lot of concern in the credit union community—as evidenced by the revised proposal receiving over 2,150 comments during the comment pe-riod. A thorough study of the proposal before it moves forward is necessary to ensure credit unions and the communities they serve are not unduly burdened. 
The bill would require the NCUA to provide 
to Congress an analysis on their legal author-ity with respect to certain aspects of the pro-posal, rationale behind the risk-weights as-signed to various asset classes, and a close look at how the proposal would impact lending to credit union members before moving for-ward with their proposed rule. Given the crit-ical role credit unions play in lending to our local communities, it’s absolutely imperative that this proposal is reviewed closely before a judgement is made relative to moving forward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FLOYD AND BETTY 
FOREMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Floyd and Betty Foreman of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. Floyd and Betty were married on June 12, 1955. They were married at St. Paul’s Evangelical Lutheran Church in Council Bluffs, where they continue to be active mem-bers. 
Floyd and Betty’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and to their children, Kathryn, Cindy, and Steve, and their grandchildren truly embodies our Iowa values. I salute this de-voted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the House will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family all the best moving for-ward. INTRODUCTION OF THE 
SUPERFUND REINVESTMENT ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, 
joined by 16 original cosponsors, I am pleased to introduce legislation to reauthorize the Superfund taxes on polluting industries. The Superfund Reinvestment Act will provide much needed funding to clean up toxic waste sites throughout the United States and relieve the financial burden currently shouldered by the American taxpayers who currently pay for this cleanup. 
Across the country there are more than 
1,100 severely polluted Superfund sites. Ap-proximately 49 million Americans live within three miles of a Superfund site. These con-taminated sites threaten humans with expo-sure to toxins such as arsenic, benzene, PCBs, mercury and a wide range of solvents, resulting in health problems such as infertility, low birth weight, birth defects, leukemia and respiratory difficulties. This contamination also threatens the economic and social vitality of the communities that play host to these dirty sites. 
The Superfund program was originally cre-
ated in 1980 to cleanup these contaminated sites and free residents of the health risks and fears that come from living close to toxic waste. In most cases, the EPA works with re-sponsible parties to compel them to pay for cleanup. At approximately 30 percent of Superfund sites, however, those responsible for the pollution cannot be found or do not have the ability to pay, so the federal govern-ment pays for the cleanup. Historically, the Superfund Trust Fund, financed by taxes on petroleum products, chemicals and corporate income, was used for this purpose. Because Congress has not reauthorized the Superfund taxes since 1995, the Trust Fund has been depleted and the funding for the cleanup of or-phan sites has shifted primarily to general funds. 
The Superfund Reinvestment Act restores 
the ‘‘polluter pays’’ taxes and updates these taxes for inflation, returning fairness to the process and once again making those respon-sible for pollution pay for the cleanup. The bill includes excise taxes of $.163 per barrel on crude oil or refined oil products and taxes ranging from $.51 to $11.35 per ton on certain chemicals. The bill reinstates a corporate envi-ronmental income tax of .12% on a corpora-tion’s modified alternative minimum taxable in-come that exceeds $3.735 million. This legis-lation expands the definition of oil to include unconventional crude oil sources, such as tar sands and oil shale. This legislation also in-cludes language to guarantee that money from the Trust Fund is only spent on Superfund cleanups. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in working 
to strengthen the Superfund program by en-suring that polluters continue to pay. Restoring the Superfund taxes will go a long way to-wards making certain that funds are available to cleanup America’s most toxic waste sites and to help keep our communities and our families safe, healthy and economically se-cure. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today to express my support for the Space- Based Infrared Systems (SBIRS) Wide Field of View (WFOV) effort. 
Unfortunately, the House’s Defense Appro-
priations bill for FY16 would completely elimi-nate SBIRS WFOV funding due to concerns that the initiative was being used to develop new technology rather than making evolution-ary upgrades to existing programs. 
I believe that these concerns are misplaced, 
and I am concerned that eliminating funding will derail this valuable effort at a critical junc-ture. It is my understanding that SBIRS WFOV does in fact support evolutionary development of the Program of Record (POR). Data gath-ered from WFOV efforts will support risk miti-gation efforts to the POR and will facilitate cost savings by maturing technologies before implementing them on the POR. 
It is worth noting that the Senate and House 
Armed Services Committees fully funded the WFOV effort in their respective versions of the FY16 National Defense Authorization Act, as did the Senate Defense Appropriations Sub-committee. 
The SBIRS WFOV initiative is designed to 
lower future costs while evolving vital compo-nents of our national security space architec-ture. I urge my colleagues to support full fund-ing for this initiative during conference negotia-tions. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LORAINNE GENTRY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Lorraine Gentry on the celebration of her 100th birth-day. Ms. Gentry celebrated her 100th birthday on April 22nd, 2015. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Ms. Gentry’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ms. Gentry has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-four Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ms. 
Gentry in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Ms. Gentry on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.004 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E895 June 15, 2015 
reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing 
her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
21ST CENTURY STEM FOR GIRLS 
AND UNDERREPRESENTED MI-NORITIES ACT OF 2015 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duced the 21st Century STEM for Girls and Underrepresented Minorities Act because I strongly believe that we need more girls and minorities represented in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) careers and professions. 
Large segments of our population are 
underrepresented in those academic and pro-fessional areas, which means that our nation is leaving a significant amount of talent on the table—not engaging with or being exposed to tools for tomorrow. 
Mr. Speaker, here is the problem. According to a 2014 National Science Board 
annual report, African Americans, Hispanics, American Indians, and Alaska Natives ac-counted for only 10 percent of U.S. workers in science and engineering in 2010. 
This is a far smaller proportion than their 
share of the general population, which was 26 percent. 
Women are also underrepresented in the 
science and engineering workforce. 
While women represent half of all college- 
educated workers in the United States, they made up just 28 percent of science and engi-neering workers in 2010. 
These statistics make clear we are ignoring 
an untapped opportunity to expand STEM em-ployment in the United States, employment which leads to good jobs, steady wages, and the ability to join the middle class. 
The development of world-class talent in the 
STEM fields here at home is critical to Amer-ica’s global leadership. 
Supporting women and minorities in STEM 
is not only an essential part of America’s strat-egy to out-innovate, out-educate, and out-build the rest of the world, it is also important to stu-dents themselves. 
STEM careers offer women and minorities 
the opportunity to engage in some of the most exciting fields of discovery and technological innovation. 
A highly-skilled STEM educated workforce is 
essential to ensuring the United States’ ability to succeed in the 21st century global econ-omy. 
By broadening the STEM pipeline to include 
those who have been historically underrep-resented in STEM fields, we will create a larg-er, more diverse STEM talent pool of problem solvers and inventors. 
We can increase the number of girls and 
underrepresented minorities in the STEM fields by getting these groups interested in STEM early and keeping them engaged. 
Students from historically disadvantaged 
groups such as African Americans and His-panics, both female and male, are less likely to have access to advanced courses in math and science in high school, which negatively affects their ability to enter and successfully complete STEM majors in college. That is why I am introducing the 21st Cen-
tury STEM for Girls and Underrepresented Mi-norities Act. 
This bill would provide funding to local 
school districts to carry out activities designed to better engage girls and underrepresented minorities in STEM. 
This way we can be sure to tap into these 
vast talent pools of students, while they are young. 
Allowable activities under the legislation in-
clude improving professional development for teachers and other school personnel, strength-ening outreach to parents, providing mentoring and tutoring programs, improving access to afterschool and summer programs that provide additional enrichment opportunities in STEM, and providing academic advice and assistance in high school course selection that encour-ages girls and underrepresented minorities to take advanced STEM classes. 
Diversity is key for the United States to con-
tinue to prosper and compete: We must do more to recruit women and underrepresented minorities into the science, technology, engi-neering and math fields. 
Diversity drives innovation, and its absence 
imperils our creativity and our productivity. 
By training our nation’s underserved talent 
in STEM fields, we will ensure that we have the intellectual capital essential to enhance our position as the world’s strongest economy, passing American greatness to the next gen-eration. 
I encourage my colleagues to join me in this 
effort my co-sponsoring. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DR. GARY 
HOLLANDER 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Gary Hollander who has served as a mentor, teacher, union leader, college in-structor, consultant, and academic adminis-trator. Gary Hollander is the first and only President of Diverse & Resilient, Inc. He founded this nonprofit organization to become a voice for the healthy development of Les-bian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgendered (LGBT) people in Wisconsin during his 20 years with the agency. He officially steps down as President and CEO of Diverse & Re-silient, Inc. in July, 2015. 
The agency’s name serves to remind us 
that LGBT people are everywhere, engage in interesting and meaningful lives, and con-tribute to the welfare of each other and the broader community. Diverse & Resilient serves over 5,000 LGBT people every year. The agency has built the capacity of LGBT groups in Wisconsin and provided direct-serv-ice work to address the health disparities ex-perienced by LGBT people in Wisconsin. The agency has focused on six priority areas: Ac-ceptance, Cultivating Leaders, Mental Health, Sexual Health, Partner & Community Violence, and Substance Use. 
Gary Hollander is a life-long resident of Wis-
consin. He earned a doctorate in educational psychology from the University of Wisconsin— Milwaukee where he earned both graduate and undergraduate honors. Gary has both taught and served as a school psychologist in 
Milwaukee Public Schools. He worked at Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin and was also a national consultant for Planned Parent-hood Federation of America. Gary has worked in health care heading up educational and re-search programs, starting and managing an HIV clinic, and held clinical positions in family medicine, psychiatry, and psychology. He is also a very active volunteer serving on boards of directors of agencies and other leadership roles. 
Hollander is an outspoken proponent for 
LGBT people across Wisconsin. He has used his platform to build strong relationships with other community agencies in order to educate people on the impact of HIV/AIDS in our com-munity and to look at LGBT issues as part of a broader public health agenda. Under his leadership, the agency has increased its visi-bility and expanded the number of age groups it attracts and serves. 
Although he will no longer be at the helm of 
Diverse & Resilient, Hollander will continue to advocate and empower people who remain marginalized based on their race, gender or sexual orientation. He also will continue to honor his late husband of 32 years, Paul Mandracchia, an artist and dancer who died December 24, 2014 after a long battle with multiple sclerosis. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Dr. 
Gary Hollander. He has left a legacy of advo-cacy and compassion. He is a true trailblazer who has labored to increase acceptance and tolerance for not just gay people but for all of us. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tremendously from his dedi-cated service. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Dr. Gary Hollander. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REBEKAH TOPHAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and congratulate Rebekah Topham of Griswold, Iowa, for her extraor-dinary accomplishment as one of Iowa’s most decorated track athletes. In May, Rebekah ended her brilliant high school track career at Griswold High School, winning her 11th state championship gold medal. 
Rebekah’s love for running began at a 
young age. As a freshman, Rebekah rocketed onto the scene by winning three state titles along with a runner-up medal. But that was only a glimpse of what was to come. Rebekah won eight more gold medals in the next three years, rounding out one of the best track sea-sons in Iowa high school history. Rebekah’s success on the track demonstrates the re-wards of hard work, dedication, and persever-ance. 
It is with great honor that I recognize Re-
bekah for her outstanding achievements. I am proud to represent her, and her family in the United States Congress. I know that my col-leagues will join me in congratulating Rebekah and wishing her nothing but the best as she continues working towards her dreams as a collegiate track athlete. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.009 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E896 June 15, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE APPOINTMENT 
OF STUDENTS FROM FLORIDA’S NINTH CONGRESSIONAL DIS-TRICT TO THE U.S. SERVICE ACADEMIES 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the students of Florida’s Ninth Con-gressional District who received an appoint-ment to one of the United States Service Academies for 2015. One of my favorite duties as a Member of Congress is to nominate the best and brightest young men and women of my district to our nation’s Service Academies. 
This year, my district received a total of 13 
offers of appointment, the highest number my office has ever received. Additionally, one stu-dent received an appointment to the Naval Academy Preparatory School. It is my honor to publicly recognize these students for their accomplishments and service to our country. 
The following students were appointed to 
the U.S. Military Academy: Jeremy Beesley of St. Cloud, FL; Carla Figueroa of Kissimmee, FL; Lily McDonough of Celebration, FL; John Roche of Orlando, FL; and Elizabeth Rodri-guez of St. Cloud, FL. Ms. Rodriguez also re-ceived an offer of appointment to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. 
The following students were appointed to 
the U.S. Air Force Academy: Ashley Gooden of St. Cloud, FL; Kevin Mendez of Kissimmee, FL; and Joshua Rice of Orlando, FL. 
The following students were appointed to 
the U.S. Naval Academy: Christina Potts of Orlando, FL; Joshua Volpert of Orlando, FL; Andrew Abdelnour of Orlando, FL; and Mason Hooten of Orlando, FL. 
Joel Oviedo of Orlando, FL received an ap-
pointment to the Naval Academy Preparatory School. 
I congratulate them all and wish them much 
success in their military careers. 
f 
THANKING VIRGIL JULIOT FOR 
HIS SERVICE IN WORLD WAR II 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Reverend Virgil Juliot of Geneseo for his brave service in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II. 
At 18 years old, Mr. Juliot enlisted in the 
U.S. Army Air Corps. He served the Army Air Corps for three years during World War II, from 1943 to 1946, as a navigator on a B–29 aircraft with the 313th Wing of the 9th Bomb Group in the Pacific Theater. He was sta-tioned on the Island of Tinian, which is part of the Mariana Islands and home to the world’s largest air field. Mr. Juliot completed his serv-ice with the rank of First Lieutenant. 
In May, Mr. Juliot celebrated his 60th wed-
ding anniversary with his wife, Marilyn. He has been blessed with five children, 12 grand-children, and 16 great-grandchildren and ac-tive in a wide range of church and community organizations across the country. Additionally, Mr. Juliot has had the distinction of receiving 
a master Gardener Certificate. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mr. 
Juliot once again for his outstanding service to our nation during World War II and his dedi-cated service to communities across the coun-try over the past decades. I wish him, and his family, nothing but the very best going for-ward. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,758,771,144.62. We’ve 
added $7,525,881,722,231.54 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUSSELE SLEEP 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Russele Sleep, of Bedford, Iowa. Russele par-ticipated in the 52nd annual World Livestock Auctioneer Championship in Clifton, Texas, from June 10th to the 14th as part of the Live-stock Marketing Association’s annual conven-tion. 
Each year over 100 auctioneers attempt to 
qualify for the event and as one of the 31 semi-finalists, Russele will compete in a live interview and auctioneering contest. Russele is an accomplished auctioneer having com-peted in this competition multiple times. As one of the top auctioneers in the U.S., Russele carries on the rich tradition of com-petitive livestock marketing through hard-work and dedication to his craft. 
I applaud and congratulate Russele for this 
achievement and for representing Iowa at this year’s World Livestock Auctioneer Champion-ship. I am proud to represent him in the U.S. Congress and I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Russele and wishing him nothing but continued success in his career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KATHLEEN MILLETT 
ON HER CAREER 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, 
it is my privilege today to congratulate Ms. Kathleen Millet on more than three decades of service to the great Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts. For more than 37 years, ‘‘Katie’’ has played 
a vital role in overseeing and administering the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) nutri-tion programs in the Commonwealth of Mas-sachusetts. 
As the Executive Director for the Office of 
Nutrition, Health and Safety Programs at the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education, Katie oversaw the pol-icy and training development, fiscal and oper-ational work of the office for all federal child nutrition programs including the National School Lunch Program, NSLP, USDA Foods, Child and Adult Care Food Program, CACFP, and the Summer Food Service Program, SFSP. Collectively, these programs annually totaled more than $300 million in federal nutri-tion funding. 
To ensure that Massachusetts held its spot 
as a leader in child nutrition programming and outreach, Katie served on many national and state committees. She was State Agency Rep-resentative for the national School Nutrition Association’s Board of Directors and an advi-sor to the Massachusetts School Nutrition As-sociation. She was also founding co-chair of the Massachusetts’ Action for Healthy Kids State Team, Mass AFHK. Katie also served in numerous leadership positions with national child nutrition groups such as the National Food Service Management Institute, NFSMI, and the Food Research and Action Center, FRAC. 
With Katie’s help, Massachusetts has al-
ways been on the cutting edge of new funding opportunities and practices, including USDA pilot grant programming. Katie has funded and supported The Child Nutrition Outreach Pro-gram, CNOP, since 1994, which works to in-crease participation in NSLP and SFSP. Katie has also funded and supported the John C. Stalker Institute of Food and Nutrition at Fra-mingham State University since May of 1988 when it was dedicated as a source of edu-cation for food service directors, managers, and workers. Since 1988 a variety of work-shops have been provided for both educators and food service staff 
Under Katie’s leadership, Massachusetts 
has received multiple Direct Certification Per-formance Awards from USDA for improving di-rect certification rates. Massachusetts now has almost 95% of their eligible children living in households receiving benefits under the Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP, directly certified for free school meals. 
With Katie’s help, Massachusetts school dis-
tricts have also dramatically increased school breakfast participation, which is proven to positively impact students’ academic success. For example, Katie spearheaded an initiative to increase statewide breakfast participation by 35% and was instrumental in the recent state regulation change, February 2015, allow-ing Breakfast in the Classroom to count to-wards instructional time. 
Ahead of the USDA Smart Snacks regula-
tions, Katie also helped lead Massachusetts’ implementation of nutrition standards for all foods and drinks sold or provided during the school day. 
As you can see from these accomplish-
ments, Katie’s tireless efforts have significantly advanced the quality of and access to healthy 
meals for infants, toddlers, adolescents and seniors across the Commonwealth. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I sa-
lute my constituent Katie Millett, on a job well done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.013 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E897 June 15, 2015 
HONORING GENERAL RAYMOND T. 
ODIERNO 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor General Raymond T. Odierno, the 38th Chief of Staff of the United States Army, for his extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation. After 39 years of distinguished service, General Odierno will re-tire from active military duty in September 2015, leaving behind a legacy that will live on for generations to come. 
As co-chairs of the House Army Caucus, 
Representative R
UPPERSBERGER and I had the 
honor of working with General Odierno as he led our Army while the Nation fought two wars and deployed or maintained a presence in more than 150 locations around the world. All the while, General Odierno remained the con-summate professional, exemplifying the quali-ties exhibited by all great, transformational leaders: a strong sense of duty, honor, cour-age, character, and commitment to this great country. 
General Odierno was commissioned as a 
second lieutenant in the Field Artillery upon graduation from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1976. He com-manded units at every echelon, from platoon to theater. He deployed in support of Oper-ations DESERT SHIELD and DESERT STORM, commanded the 4th Infantry Division during Operation IRAQI FREEDOM, and served as the Commanding General of Multi- National Corps-Iraq and Multi-National Force- Iraq between 2006 and 2010. 
During his tenure in Iraq, General Odierno 
was the architect of the troop surge that turned the tide of the war; he implemented the transition plan to an Iraqi-civilian run effort; and he oversaw the largest retrograde oper-ation since the Vietnam War. His success in all of these endeavors led to his appointment as the 38th Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army in 2011. Since then, General Odierno’s leader-ship and commitment to his Soldiers, the Army, and the Nation ensured that the U.S. Army remained the most highly trained and professional land force the world has ever known. 
General Odierno is an American patriot of 
the highest caliber. He has dedicated his en-tire life to the security of our Nation, but most importantly, he is a man of character. His tire-less commitment to Soldiers and their Families has never wavered. In his wake stands an im-peccable organization, full of leaders capable of confronting the complex global challenges we face today. 
With profound admiration and deep respect, 
we pay tribute to him for all he has done for our Nation. We thank General Odierno, his 
wife, Linda, and his three children, Tony, Katie, and Mike for their dedication and sac-rifice. And we wish them all the fullest meas-ure of peace and happiness in retirement. TRIBUTE TO LINDEMAN TRACTOR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa company, Lindeman Tractor. Lindeman Tractor celebrated 70 years of business in De-cember 2014. 
Bob Lindeman’s father started selling ma-
chinery in Cumberland, Iowa with one em-ployee and two children to help out. That busi-ness expanded to Atlantic Iowa and now em-ploys 40 people. They sell a range of products from tractors, planters, and various other equipment. Fundamental to Lindeman Trac-tor’s success has been their dedication to cus-tomer service and handling their customers’ needs on a day-to-day basis. 
I applaud and congratulate Lindeman Trac-
tor for their 70 years in Iowa’s Third Congres-sional District. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues will join me in congratulating Lindeman Tractor and wishing them and their employees nothing but success in the future. 
f 
HONORING FRANK FANELLI 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Frank Fanelli, who is retiring after 43 years of outstanding service as a teacher, coach, and administrator in the Port Chester- Rye Union Free School District, which I am proud to represent. 
Mr. Fanelli was born and raised in Port 
Chester, New York, and first distinguished himself on the high school gridiron as the last district player to be named an All-American football player. He began to think of a teach-ing career in high school and started as the junior high school health teacher in the 1970s. After teaching for 23 years, Mr. Fanelli moved into administration, holding positions including Assistant Principal, Director of Grants, and currently Assistant Superintendent. 
Mr. Fanelli has devoted his professional ca-
reer in the Port Chester schools to his philos-ophy of educating the whole child. During his tenure, the Port Chester school district imple-mented Full Service Community Schools, two of which have received National Blue Ribbons, and developed the JFK Early Learning Center. Under his leadership, the district received grants totaling more than $50 million that en-hanced the educational opportunities for stu-dents. In more than four decades of service, his achievements have won many well-de-served awards including Westchester County Health Teacher of the Year, Port Chester Teacher of the Year, and most recently, spe-cial recognition from the Port Chester, Rye Brook, and Rye Town Council of Community Services. Mr. Fanelli’s leadership and tireless efforts have truly ensured that Port Chester students are prepared to excel in the future. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Frank 
Fanelli for his 43 years of dedicated service to his community. He truly has improved the lives of thousands of students and their families as 
well as inspired hundreds of educators, many whom he has selflessly mentored. I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating his exem-plary career and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
ACKNOWLEDGING LUCILLE HARRIS 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge Lucille Harris, who will be hon-ored by the Manteca Chamber of Commerce with their Lifetime Achievement Award. This award is given to prominent individuals who diligently enhance the lives of the residents, youth, and businesses in the community. 
Lucille Harris was born in Manteca, Cali-
fornia to John and Mary Mendosa. Following her graduation from Manteca High School in 1950, she furthered her education by attend-ing Humphreys Business College. 
In 1951, Lucille married the late William 
Robert Harris, and together they laid the foun-dation of a successful business enterprise. In 1955, Lucille and Bill purchased the Smith Welding Company, and five years later, the business evolved into Tuff Boy Sales Inc., also known as Tuff Boy Leasing and Equipment Sales. This year, the business will be cele-brating its 60th anniversary. In addition to Tuff Boy Sales Inc., Lucille and Bill also own W/L Harris Ranches, where Lucille remains an ac-tive manager in both companies today. 
Community involvement has always been 
an important part of the Harris family, which is why they are devoted to several different clubs and organizations. Believing that history is vital to the community, Lucille is the trustee of the Manteca Historical Society and a member of the Ripon Historical Society. She puts a high emphasis on reading and writing and has a significant role in both Manteca and Ripon ‘‘Friends of the Library’’ programs. Further-more, Lucille is an active member of the Manteca, Lathrop, and Ripon, Chambers of Commerce. 
Lucille has always believed education to be 
essential, and has committed herself to sev-eral youth programs. The Harris name is re-nowned for their gracious donations and ex-tensive dedication to fund many educational endeavors. They have been major sponsors of the California State University, Stanislaus ‘‘Great Valley Writing Project’’, St. Anthony’s School, Boys and Girls Club, RCAF Ripon Community Athletic Foundation, FFA, 4H pro-grams, as well as supporting the Give Every Child a Chance program. 
For many years, Lucille has been a strong 
supporter of two grass root organizations; Citi-zens for Judicial Integrity, supporting ADA Legislation Reform, and Neighbor’s United, supporting sensible growth and agriculture protection. In addition, she has joined Califor-nians against Lawsuit Abuse, the Civil Justice Association of California, and the National Federation of Independent Business. 
Over her lifetime, Lucille has received many 
awards, one of the most recent being the Women’s Connection—Lady of Influence Award in 2012, for leading the way in busi-ness, industry, and enterprise. In 2013, Bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.017 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E898 June 15, 2015 
and Lucille were inducted into the Manteca 
Hall of Fame in the fields of business, commu-nity service, and at-large. 
Together, Lucille and Bill raised three chil-
dren, son Martin Harris and two daughters Marcia Perkins and Melissa King, who all re-side locally. They are also proud grandparents to seven grandkids and five great-grand-children. Unfortunately, on October 27, 2012, Lucille’s beloved husband Bill passed away after 61 years of marriage. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in acknowl-
edging Lucille Harris, an extraordinary woman whose contributions to her family, community and the economic vitality of Manteca have made her an ideal candidate to receive the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Manteca Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHERYL PERDEW 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Cheryl Perdew for opening her new florist business, LaNae’s Enchanted Florist and Gifts, in Bed-ford, Iowa. 
Cheryl, her husband Daven, and their three 
daughters moved to Bedford from Tennessee. In Tennessee she had been the youngest business owner for a number of years, having opened her first florist business from her home when she was just 16. I recognize that our na-tion’s small businesses are critical to our economy, and I support hardworking Iowans like Cheryl who have done so much to help their neighbours and communities by following their dreams. 
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues in the 
House to join me in congratulating Cheryl on a job well done, and wishing her and her fam-ily continued success for years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE DISTINGUISHED 
SERVICE OF MAJOR GENERAL ROBERT G. KENNY 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-
ebrate the life and 37 year military career of Major General Robert G. Kenny of Bethlehem Township, New Jersey and his dedication to the Nation. Born in New Brunswick, New Jer-sey in 1956, and a graduate of Rutgers Uni-versity and Seton Hall Law School, Major General Robert G. Kenny deserves our sin-cerest thanks as he retires as the Mobilization Assistant to The Judge Advocate General of the Air Force, Headquarters United States Air Force on July 1, 2015. 
Major General Kenny’s initial active duty as-
signment was with the 366th Tactical Fighter Wing, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho from January 1982 to July 1984. He served as the Chief of Claims, Chief of Civil Law, Chief of Military Justice and the Area Defense Counsel. Major General Kenny separated from active duty and became a member of the Air Force Reserve attached to Headquarters Air 
Force District of Washington, Bolling Air Force Base, Washington, DC, serving as an IMA from June 1987 to January 1992. Additionally, he became an adjunct member of the faculty of the Judge Advocate General School, Max-well Air Force Base, Alabama where he was an instructor for the Advanced Trial Advocacy Course. 
Major General Kenny transferred to the Cat-
egory A Program and became the Deputy Staff Judge Advocate of the 514th Air Mobility Wing, McGuire Air Force Base in January 1992. In June of 1998, he became the Staff Judge Advocate. He received the Reginald C. Harmon Award naming him the Outstanding Reserve Judge Advocate of the Air Force in 1998. He was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel on 27 July 1999. He deployed to Southwest Asia in support of Operation Southern Watch on four occasions from 1998 to 2001. He also deployed during September and October 2001 and served as the 60th Air Expeditionary Group Combat Support Squadron Commander at a classified location and Al Udeid AB during Operation Enduring Freedom. He was the Senior IMA to HQ 21AF/JA from 1 April 03 to 30 Sept 03; Senior IIMA to HQ 18AF/JA from 1 October 2003 to 6 January 2005; Senior IMA to HQ AETC/JA from 7 January 2005 to 31 January 2006, Senior IMA to AFLOA/CC from January 2006 to January 2007; Mobiliza-tion Assistant to AMC/JA from January 2007 to April 2008; and, Mobilization Assistant to the Deputy Judge Advocate General from April 2008 to October 2010. Most notably, General Kenny also Performed the Duties of the Judge Advocate General (PDOTJAG) from March 2014 until May 2014. 
He has been awarded the Legion of Merit, 
Meritorious Service Medal (3 OLC), Air Force Commendation Medal (3 OLC), Air Force Achievement Medal (1 OLC), Air Force Out-standing Unit Award (2 OLC), Air Force Orga-nizational Excellence Award, Air Force Rec-ognition Ribbon, National Defense Service Medal (1 BS), Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal, Air Force Longevity Service (5 OLC), Armed Forces Reserve Medal (M Device/Sil-ver X), Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Rib-bon, and the Air Force Training Ribbon. He also was honored as the 1998 Reginald C. Harmon Outstanding Reserve Judge Advocate of the Year. 
In his civilian capacity, Major General Kenny 
is a senior partner with the firm Hoagland, Longo, Moran, Dunst & Doukas in New Bruns-wick, New Jersey where he is a Chief Litiga-tion Counsel. 
Today I rise to share Major General Robert 
G. Kenny’s tremendous accomplishments and dedicated public service with the House of Representatives. I extend my gratitude to his wife, Kathy, and his three daughters, LeAnne, Michelle and Jacqueline, and I sincerely thank the Major General for his lifetime of service and leadership. H-E-B 110TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
wish H-E-B Grocery Stores a very happy 110th birthday. 
H-E-B has been serving the great State of 
Texas for 110 and strives to give back to all Texans. They continue to support our commu-nity through quality food, incredible service and various philanthropic efforts throughout Texas. We are extremely proud of the accom-plishments made by H-E-B and are proud of their deep Texas roots. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, happy birthday again to H-E-B, and we look forward to 110 more years. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NANCY DRAKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Nancy Drake of Bedford, Iowa, on her retirement from the Bedford School. Ms. Drake has been a dedicated public servant helping to educate the future of Iowa—its students. 
Ms. Drake began her career in education in 
1976. In 1995 she began her work at the Bed-ford School as an At-Risk teacher, helping to reach students in need. During her tenure at Bedford she has helped countless students as a K–6 At-Risk teacher, ELL, middle school Language Arts, 10th grade English, and HAS teacher. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
dedicated public servants like Ms. Drake from the great state of Iowa in the United States Congress. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Nancy Drake on reaching this important milestone, and wishing her continued success for years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LONNIE R. STE-
PHENSON ON HIS POSITION AS THE NEW PRESIDENT OF THE INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Moline, Illinois’ own Lonnie Ste-phenson on becoming the President of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Work-ers, representing 750,000 of its members worldwide. The IBEW represents a variety of workers spanning the utilities, manufacturing, communications and infrastructure industries. 
Mr. Stephenson has been an active member 
and dedicated leader within IBEW for many years. He joined IBEW Local 145 in Rock Is-land in 1976 and worked his way up to be-come Vice-President and then President of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.020 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E899 June 15, 2015 
local organization. He was later appointed as 
an international regional representative, lead-ing operations across Illinois, Michigan, Indi-ana, Wisconsin and Minnesota. 
Mr. Stephenson has championed the 
IBEW’s mission for decades, and his service and dedication have never wavered. As the new international President, I know he will continue to champion the causes important to electrical workers and working men and women across the globe. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mr. 
Stephenson for his longtime commitment to the IBEW and wish him the best of luck in his new role. He has been an exceptional leader, and I know he will continue serving electrical workers, and all working families, everywhere for years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. WILLIAM 
McCOY 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Dr. William McCoy on his 31 years of service as Chief Apostle and CEO of Brothers Keeper Community Outreach Church. 
Dr. William McCoy, through his calling of 
spreading the word of God, has done great work for his community by way of his organi-zation’s involvement with kingdom building feats like jail ministry, and parole chaplaincy, which are just a couple of examples of his many deeds that shine as a beacon of hope for those in need. 
Dr. McCoy began his pastoral career in 
1986, serving first at God’s House of Deliver-ance Holiness Church in 1989, and then he earned his Certificate of Ordination from the Pentecostal Apostolic Assemblies of Jesus Christ. In 1991, he graduated from the United Theological Seminary, and in 1993, Dr. McCoy received an Honorary Doctorate of Divinity from the Apostolic Baptist Seminary in Evans-ville, Indiana. In 1994, he was consecrated as the Presiding Prelate Bishop of IPAE and AIMBK by Bishop Lester P. Bell, and earned his Prison Fellowship Training Diploma. In 1995, Dr. McCoy earned his Doctorate of Phi-losophy in Pastoral Theology from the Inter-national College of Bible Theology. 
The Brothers Keeper Community Outreach 
Church was created to call attention to the need for a message of deliverance from sub-stance addictions, domestic abuse and other challenges plaguing the lives of some of God’s children; the organization has done great work at conveying its belief in the importance of teaching deliverance through parole chap-laincy training, ministerial training and other outreach practices. 
Dr. William McCoy has served his commu-
nity outside of his work with the Brothers Keeper Community Outreach Church as well, some positions such as an Auxiliary Chaplain of the Cook County Sheriff Department since 1994; as a board member of the Cook County Jails Alternative Schools L.S.C., since 1997 and as the Superintendent Parole Chaplain of Cook County. In 2002 Dr. McCoy was elected to serve as President of the Illinois Community Chaplaincy Council, and in 2009, he became President of the South Suburban Action Con-ference and became a member of the IPAE– 
NETWORK Cook County Sheriff’s Department Re-Entry Initiative and the Advisory Board of Cook County Clergy United, Inc. 
Dr. William McCoy in his many roles and his 
work with the Brothers Keeper Community Outreach Church has not only been inspira-tional, but vital to the life we live as both God’s children and Americans. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-
lating Dr. William McCoy for his many years of dedicated service and wish him continued suc-cess and happiness in the future. 
f 
FOR ALL THE FATHERS 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of all the Fathers of The Armed Forces who have served, or who have family mem-bers who have served. Let us remember their sacrifice, and give thanks to them and their families on this Father’s Day. I submit this poem which was penned in their honor, by Al-bert Carey Caswell. 
For all the Fathers this Father’s Day 
who go off to war for us we pray And for all the ones who aren’t coming 
home, 
all because of what they gave That Last Full Measure, the greatest of all treasure’s teaching us how 
men of honor behave 
Who take up our Nation’s defense so very 
brave, 
who now lie all in such cold deep dark quiet 
graves. 
Whose sons and daughters will never see 
them again, 
all for the price of freedom they paid And for all the Fathers who went off to war, for The Greater Good who such heartache en-
dure 
This Father’s Day, our Nation gives thanks to you and your 
families so all the more 
And for all the families now separated across 
the shores. 
Whose children cannot be in your arms in 
yours. 
Remember my children how much your Fa-
ther you adores 
And for all those Fathers who raised all of 
their fine daughters and sons. 
The ones who meant the most, who’ll no longer get to see the morning’s 
sun. 
And the chance to raise all of their own most 
precious daughters and sons. 
And for all those Fathers who sit for hours 
by a hospital bed, 
with all of their sons and daughters in pieces 
who died and bled 
Watching them in awe at what their courage 
has said 
As your tears run down your cheeks never 
seeming to ebb 
Inspired by watching them rebuild their lives 
coming out of such dread 
And yes for all of our Fathers this Father’s 
Day, 
upon bended knee for all of you we now so 
pray. 
And remember to give thanks to all of them 
this day 
For all of those most precious gifts for us the 
price of freedom they paid 
And for all of their children in the coming 
years who stand on this day in tears. Because their Daddy isn’t coming home as 
they’ve realize their darkest fears 
We pray our Lord give them the strength and 
courage, 
in what your Father’s life so meant here on 
earth to your souls so nourish 
And to lead your life with the same kind of 
faith and courage, 
that made your Fathers’ hearts so flourish. As we’ll see your Fathers in all your faces. And when we hear your voices to them you 
will so take us 
And you will carry your Father’s heart with 
you to all places. 
To help you to somehow all to so face this And we pray you will grow up to be strong 
and tall. 
Just like your Fathers one and all So one day too, you can teach your children all about your 
Father’s most heroic hue 
All in such admiration, of what is brilliant. 
of what is true 
And hush my children please don’t you cry, because one day up in Heaven you will look 
into your Father’s eyes 
And you won’t have to cry no more and ask 
why? 
This Father’s Day please, please remember all of those Fathers who 
answered our Nation’s battle cry 
America’s greatest of all Fathers, who did 
not hesitate or ask why 
This Father’s Day, God Bless them all with 
tear in eye. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. CHIU L. TSANG 
FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO SANTA MONICA COLLEGE 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise with my colleague, Congress-woman J
ULIA BROWNLEY , to recognize Dr. 
Chiu L. Tsang, a progressive thinker, visionary leader, and passionate educator who has spent the majority of his career promoting ex-cellence in education. For almost a decade, Dr. Tsang has demonstrated his insightful and exemplary leadership and dedication to Santa Monica College (SMC) as its Superintendent and President. 
Throughout his nine years of service to the 
institution, Dr. Tsang was able to enhance SMC’s reputation as a leading job trainer in the region by pursuing greater opportunities for students and anticipating the needs of the local workforce. During his tenure at SMC, Dr. Tsang pioneered an inter-disciplinary model to take advantage of thousands of job opportuni-ties in the information, communication and technology industry for students. This model has now become the foundation for a Los An-geles-based community college, high school and industry consortium, ‘‘LA HI–TECH,’’ which was recognized by President Obama as part of his TechHire Initiative. 
Santa Monica College’s student support cul-
ture also blossomed under the leadership of Dr. Tsang with the implementation of new stu-dent service programs such as the Veterans Resource Center and Guardian Scholars for foster youth. Furthermore, Dr. Tsang’s leader-ship helped establish excellent and mutually- beneficial relationships with the City of Santa Monica, the Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District and other local organizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN8.003 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E900 June 15, 2015 
Another admirable accomplishment Santa 
Monica College was able to obtain under Dr. Tsang’s leadership included maintaining its place as the number one transfer institution to the University of California, transferring more Latino and African-American students to the UC system than any other community college. 
In addition to his time as the SMC Super-
intendent and President, Dr. Tsang has had a remarkable and accomplished career. Dr. Tsang earned his B.A. Degree in Linguistics from UC Berkeley and went on to earn his doctorate in Linguistics from Stanford Univer-sity. During his extensive years in a higher education career, Dr. Tsang served as Presi-dent of San Jose City College and as dean at the City College of San Francisco. He also taught at Stanford University, De Anza in Cupertino and San Francisco State University. Being a recognized leader in the field of high-er education, Dr. Tsang has been asked to speak at venues including the Royal Society of London and he has guest lectured at the UCLA Anderson School of Management and the USC Rossier School of Education. 
Dr. Tsang’s passion for higher education for 
all students is unquestionable. For decades, Dr. Tsang has been a trailblazer in his field. He has led a career focused on supporting higher education and the students who seek it. It is our sincere pleasure to recognize Dr. Tsang on his tenure as the Santa Monica Col-lege Superintendent and President and thank him for his unwavering service to the students, faculty, staff and community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN A. WESTMORELAND 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, on 
June 11, 2015, the House of Representatives considered H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. During the roll call vote, I mistakenly voted no on H.R. 1295. Therefore, I submit this statement to clarify my intention was to vote yes on H.R. 1295. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KAY GOODRIDGE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Kay Goodridge of Bedford, Iowa, on her retirement from the Bedford School. Ms. Goodridge has been a dedicated public servant helping to educate the future of Iowa—its students. 
Ms. Goodridge has worked at the Bedford 
School for 15 years. During her tenure at Bed-ford she has worked diligently to support her community. She performed many different roles and worked with 26 different teachers and staff during her tenure. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
dedicated public servants like Kay Goodridge from the great state of Iowa in the United States Congress. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating her on reaching this important milestone, and wishing her continued success for years to come. BAKERS CREEK TRAGEDY 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I have sought 
recognition today to honor the forty American soldiers who tragically perished at Bakers Creek, Queensland, Australia, June 14, 1943, during World War II. 
Their deaths came as a result of the crash 
of a B–17C Flying Fortress, which proved to be the worst aviation disaster of the South-west Pacific war. More men died on that plane from my home state of Pennsylvania—six— than from any other State. The six men were: Pvt. James E. Finney, from Erie; T/Sgt. Alfred H. Frezza, from Altoona; Sgt. Donald B. Kyper, from Huntingdon; Pfc. Frank S. Penska, from Moscow; Sgt. Anthony Rudnick, from Philadelphia; and Cpl. Raymond H. Smith, from Oil City. 
Only recently has Congress officially recog-
nized the previously classified wartime acci-dent. As a result, most of the crash victims’ families were left in the dark about the spe-cifics surrounding their loved ones’ deaths in World War II. 
Five years ago, many of my Congressional 
colleagues actively supported efforts to place a memorial monument in Arlington. Moreover, in June 2008, the Pennsylvania State Legisla-ture passed a resolution designating June 14th as ‘‘Bakers Creek Memorial Day.’’ 
The monument, dedicated at Selfridge Gate 
entrance to Arlington National Cemetery on June 12, 2009 by the Secretary of the Army, honors the sole survivor and the 40 members of the Army Air Corps who lost their lives when a B–17C Flying Fortress crashed soon after take-off The men were being returned to combat in the Papua New Guinea Campaign following 10-days of R&R at the American Red Cross Center located at the seaside City of Mackay on the northeast coast of Australia. The aircraft, a bomber converted to transport service, was operated by the 46th Troop Car-rier Squadron of the 317th Troop Carried Group which was a part of the U.S. Fifth Air Force. 
I understand that today, COL Michael D. 
Henderson, Garrison Commander of Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall, Honorable Kim C. Beazley, Australian Ambassador to the United States, and retired Fifth Air Force Com-mander, General Ralph E. Eberhart, USAF (Ret.) plan to place a wreath at the Bakers Creek Memorial to commemorate the 72nd Anniversary of the crash. 
I applaud the military service members at 
JBM–HH and the members of the Bakers Creek Memorial Association for their continued efforts to help bring closure to the casualty families and a public remembrance of the forty American servicemen who perished at Bakers Creek in Australia during World War II. IN RECOGNITION OF THE DEDICA-
TION OF CURRY COLLEGE’S SHELLEY I. HOON KEITH AND JOHN W. KEITH ALUMNI HOUSE 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the dedication of the Shelley I. Hoon Keith and John W. Keith Alumni House at Curry College. 
Curry College has, since its founding in 
1879, been a beacon of higher education in Milton and Plymouth, Massachusetts. Curry College is known for pursuing a dynamic and diverse environment for its students. The Col-lege has focused its efforts to help students not just achieve successful careers but to be active and informed citizens. To that end, Curry College President Kenneth K. Quigley, Jr. is recognizing two of Curry College’s most profound benefactors, Shelley Hoon Keith and John Keith, by dedicating the Alumni House in their names. 
John, a longtime member of Curry College’s 
Board of Directors, spends his time and gen-erosity on philanthropic efforts such as the Anti-Defamation League, St. Mary’s Center for Women and Children and B’nai B’rith among others. John’s deepest commitment to non- profit interests is Curry College. He has been a driving force for the College’s success over the last 15 years through his leadership on the board. 
Shelley is a sought after not-for-profit advi-
sor and leader in multiple charitable ventures. She too spends much of her energy working with many of the same organizations as John and has been honored with recognitions such as Bill Brett’s Boston: Inspirational Women. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in thanking Shelley I. Hoon Keith and John W. Keith for all their efforts at Curry College and congratulating them on having the Alumni House dedicated to them. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, 
June 16, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN8.006 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E901 June 15, 2015 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 17 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s final rule to regulate disposal of coal combustion residuals from electric utilities. 
SD–406 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine governing 
through goal setting, focusing on en-hancing the economic and national se-curity of America. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine CBO’s anal-
ysis of the Federal government’s deep-ening fiscal challenges. 
SD–608 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion. 
SR–253 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on evaluating accreditation’s role in ensuring quality. 
SD–430 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine the eco-
nomic exposure of Federal credit pro-grams. 
SH–216 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Ad-ministrator of the United States Agen-cy for International Development. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Vir-ginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
accessing capital in Indian Country. 
SD–638 JUNE 18 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the EPA’s 
management of the renewable fuel standard program. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled ‘‘Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SD–106 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine challenges 
to the future of highway funding. 
SD–215 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Water and Power 
To hold hearings to examine S. 593, to re-
quire the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the ef-forts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets, S. 982, to prohibit the conditioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture, and to re-quire the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture to develop water plan-ning instruments consistent with State law, S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, S. 1365, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to use designated funding to pay for con-struction of authorized rural water projects, S. 1291, to authorize early re-payment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Ne-braska, S. 1552, to authorize the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith 
Rural Water System in the State of Montana, and S. 1533, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new sur-face water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Ag-riculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for 
permit processing. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
JUNE 23 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear 
Safety 
To hold hearings to examine the impacts 
of EPA’s proposed carbon regulations on energy costs for American busi-nesses, rural communities and families, including S. 1324, to require the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to fulfill certain require-ments before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and re-constructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units. 
SD–406 
JUNE 24 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
demanding results to end Native youth suicides. 
SD–628 
JULY 7 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine highly path-
ogenic avian influenza, focusing on the impact on the United States poultry sector and protecting United States poultry flocks. 
SR–328A 
JULY 9 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M15JN8.000 E15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D701 Monday, June 15, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4119–S4169. 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1571–1577, and S. Res. 201–202.
                                                       Page S4137 
Measures Reported: 
S. 558, to amend title 44, United States Code, to 
require information on contributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations. (S. Rept. No. 114–65)
                                                                          Page S4137 
Measures Passed: 
Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act: Senate 
passed S. 565, to reduce the operation and mainte-nance costs associated with the Federal fleet by en-couraging the use of remanufactured parts. 
                                                                                            Page S4168 
Juneteenth Independence Day: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 201, designating June 19, 2015, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States.
              Page S4168 
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 202, designating June 15, 2015, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’.
     Page S4168 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that at 11:30 a.m., notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, Senate vote on or in relation to Feinstein (for McCain) Amendment No. 1889 (to Amendment No. 1463) to reaffirm the prohibition on torture, with no second-degree amendments in order to the amendment prior to the vote; that at 2:15 p.m., Senate vote on or in relation to McCain (for Ernst/Boxer) Amendment No. 1549 (to Amend-ment No. 1463) to provide for a temporary, emer-gency authorization of defense articles, defense serv-ices, and related training directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government, followed by a vote on or in relation to Reed (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 1578 (to Amendment No. 1463) to reform proce-dures for determinations to proceed to trial by court- martial for certain offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, as under the order of Thursday, 
June 11, 2015, with no second-degree amendments in order to McCain (for Ernst/Boxer) Amendment No. 1549 (to Amendment No. 1463) and Reed (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 1578 (to Amendment No. 1463) prior to the votes; followed by the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McCain Amend-ment No. 1463, in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                            Pages S4122, S4169 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, June 16, 2015, Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, with the time until 11:30 a.m. divided in the usual form; that the filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to the bill and to McCain Amendment No. 1463, in 
the nature of a substitute be at 12:15 p.m. 
                                                                                    Pages S4168–69 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By 62 yeas to 24 nays (Vote No. EX. 208), Mat-
thew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years.
                                Pages S4127–30, S4169 
Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Direc-
tor of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service. 
                                                                      Pages S4127–30, S4169 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4133 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:       Pages S4133–34 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S4134 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4134–37 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4137 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4138–40 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4140–41 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4141–68 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D702 June 15, 2015 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4168 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4168 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—208)                                                         Pages S4129–30 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:06 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4169.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
IRAN SANCTIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on lifting sanctions on Iran, focusing on practical implications from Mark Dubowitz, 
Foundation for Defense of Democracies, and Peter Harrell, Center for a New American Security, both of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the 
nominations of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, and David S. Shapira, of Pennsylvania, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2767–2787; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 316, were introduced.
                                     Pages H4381–82 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4383 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1508, to promote the development of a 
United States commercial space resource exploration and utilization industry and to increase the explo-ration and utilization of resources in outer space, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–153); 
H.R. 2772, making appropriations for the Depart-
ment of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–154); and 
H. Res. 315, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Sys-tem, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–155). 
                                                                                            Page H4381 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4347 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:24 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H4349 Recess: The House recessed at 2:08 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:03 p.m.                                                    Page H4350 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Designating the Federal building and United 
States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’: H.R. 2131, to designate 
the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H4350–52 
Designating the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of 
Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas: H.R. 2559, to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 389 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 365; 
                                                                Pages H4352–53, H4361–62 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representa-
tives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders: H. Res. 233, expressing the sense of the 
House of Representatives that Iran should imme-diately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D703 June 15, 2015 
within its borders, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 391 
yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 364; 
                                                                      Pages H4353–57, H4361 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’: H.R. 891, to designate the facil-
ity of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H4357–58 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’: H.R. 1326, to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Fer-guson Post Office’’;
                                          Pages H4358–59 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’: H.R. 1350, to designate the facil-
ity of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Her-man Badillo Post Office Building’’; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4359–60 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’: H.R. 728, To 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’.
                                Pages H4360–61 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:55 p.m. and recon-
vened at 5:05 p.m.                                                    Page H4357 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:34 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H4361 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4361 and H4362. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 9:49 p.m. Committee Meetings 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR 
FISCAL YEAR 2016; PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2015; PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 2596, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; H.R. 160, the ‘‘Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1190, the ‘‘Pro-tecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a structured rule for H.R. 2596. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–19 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that the motion to reconsider the vote on the question of concurring in the matter com-prising the remainder of title 2 (TAA) of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314 may continue to be post-poned through the legislative day of Thursday, July 30, 2015. Testimony was heard from Chairman Nunes, Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin, and Rep-resentatives Schiff, Amash, Farr, Pitts, and Pallone. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D704 June 15, 2015 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D651) 
S. 802, to authorize the Secretary of State and the 
Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to provide assistance to sup-port the rights of women and girls in developing countries. Signed on June 12, 2015. (Public Law 114–24) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JUNE 16, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Bill.’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environ-
ment, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations.’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the nominations of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Inter-national Affairs), and Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Man-agement), 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine strategic implications of trade promotion and capacity-building in the Asia-Pacific region, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine health information technology, focusing on what providers and the Department of Health and Human Services can do to improve electronic health record user experience, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine Federal real property reform, focusing on how cutting red tape and better management could achieve billions in savings, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:45 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations , Full Committee, markup on 
the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Child Nutrition Assistance: Are Federal Rules and Regulations Serving the Best Interests of Schools and Families?’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and 
Pensions, hearing on H.R. 511, the ‘‘Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power; and Sub-
committee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, joint hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Proposed Ozone Rule: Po-tential Impacts on Manufacturing’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Progress Toward a Nationwide Public 
Safety Broadband Network’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Domain 
Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘A Global Per-spective on Cyber Threats’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government 
Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Pro-posals to Modernize Business Development Companies and Expand Investment Opportunities’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Advancing United States’ Interests at the United Nations’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging 
Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Administra-tion’s FY 2016 Budget Request for Europe and Eurasia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Trans-
portation Security, hearing entitled ‘‘How TSA Can Im-prove Aviation Worker Vetting’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Transportation Security, markup on 
H.R. 2750, the ‘‘Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015’’; and a bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require certain maintenance of security-related technology at airports, and for other purposes, 11:30 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Subcommittee on Regulatory 
Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 2745, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing on H.R. 482, the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds Na-tional Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015’’; H.R. 496, the ‘‘Alabama Hills National Scenic Area Es-tablishment Act’’; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1138, the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recre-ation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act’’; H.R. 1554, the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River Na-tional Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2223, the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Arctic Resources and American Competi-tiveness’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘OPM: Data Breach’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D705 June 15, 2015 
Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Fair Competition in International Shipping’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on H. Con. 
Res. 55, directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after Au-gust 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to pro-tect United States diplomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria, 4 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘The Science and Ethics of Genetically Engineered Human DNA’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Sub-
committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Saving Taxpayer Dollars in Federal Real Estate: Reducing the Government’s Space Footprint’’, 1 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-
tation, hearing entitled ‘‘Western Hemisphere Drug Interdiction Efforts’’, 2 p.m., 2253 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means , Subcommittee on Social 
Security, hearing on the Social Security Administration’s (SSA) management of earnings reports from disability 
beneficiaries trying to go back to work, 2 p.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of June 16 through June 19, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , Senate will resume consideration of 
H.R. 1735, National Defense Authorization Act. At 11:30 a.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Feinstein (for McCain) Amendment No. 1889 (to Amendment No. 1463). At 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to McCain (for Ernst/Boxer) Amendment No. 1549 (to Amendment No. 1463), and Reed (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 1578 (to Amendment No. 1463), to be followed by the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McCain Amend-ment No. 1463. The filing deadline for second-de-gree amendments to the bill and to McCain Amend-ment No. 1463, will be at 12:15 p.m. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: June 16, Subcommittee on 
Department of Homeland Security, business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill.’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
June 16, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, 
Environment, and Related Agencies, business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropria-
tions.’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
June 18, Full Committee, business meeting to mark up 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled ‘‘Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on the Budget: June 17, to hold hearings to 
examine CBO’s analysis of the Federal government’s deep-ening fiscal challenges, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 
17, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safe-ty, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: June 16, to 
hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of En-ergy (International Affairs), and Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environ-mental Management), 10 a.m., SD–366. 
June 18, Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold 
hearings to examine S. 593, to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets, S. 982, to prohibit the conditioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Secretaries of the Inte-rior and Agriculture, and to require the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture to develop water planning in-struments consistent with State law, S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, S. 1365, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to use designated funding to pay for construction of authorized rural water projects, S. 1291, to authorize early repay-ment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Ne-braska, S. 1552, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the State of Montana, and S. 1533, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordi-nate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new surface water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, 2 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 17, to 
hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency’s final rule to regulate disposal of coal combustion residuals from electric utilities, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: June 18, to hold hearings to ex-
amine challenges to the future of highway funding, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: June 16, Subcommittee 
on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine strategic implications of trade promotion and capacity-building in the Asia-Pa-cific region, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D706 June 15, 2015 
June 17, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: June 
16, to hold hearings to examine health information tech-nology, focusing on what providers and the Department of Health and Human Services can do to improve elec-tronic health record user experience, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
June 17, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on evaluating accreditation’s role in ensuring quality, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
June 16, to hold hearings to examine Federal real prop-erty reform, focusing on how cutting red tape and better management could achieve billions in savings, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
June 17, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
governing through goal setting, focusing on enhancing the economic and national security of America, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
June 17, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
June 18, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management, to hold hearings to examine the EPA’s management of the renewable fuel standard program, 9 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: June 17, to hold an over-
sight hearing to examine accessing capital in Indian Country, 2:15 p.m., SD–638. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: June 16, to hold closed 
hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:45 p.m., SH–219. 
June 18, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, June 17, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2620, to amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures con-tracts from coverage under such Act, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, June 17, Subcommittee on 
Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, mark-up on the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 9 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
June 17, Full Committee, markup on the Financial 
Services and General Government Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
June 18, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-
opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, markup on the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, June 17, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy and Strategy in the Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
June 17, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Capacity of U.S. Navy to Project Power with Large Surface Combatants’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget, June 17, Full Committee, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Why Congress Must Balance the Budget’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, June 17, Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing entitled ‘‘Restricting Access to Financial Advice: Evaluating the Costs and Consequences for Working Families and Retirees’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
June 18, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘A 
National Framework for the Review and Labeling of Bio-technology in Food’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 17, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, June 17, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Report of the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. 
June 17, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of the International Mone-tary Fund: Economic Stability or Moral Hazard?’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 17, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Assad’s Abhorrent Chemical Weapons Attacks’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
June 17, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘China’s Rise: The Strategic Impact of Its Economic and Military Growth’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
June 17, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North 
Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘The Iran, North Korea, and Syria Nonproliferation Act: State Department’s Non- Compliance’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
June 17, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights Abuses by Vietnamese Authorities’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
June 18, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Property Rights in Cuba’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on House Administration, June 17, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Smithsonian’’, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary, June 17, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 2315, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State In-come Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1643, the ‘‘Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2584, the ‘‘Business Activity Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
June 18, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-
land Security, and Investigations, hearing on H.R. 320, the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, June 17, Subcommittee 
on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D707 June 15, 2015 
H.R. 1157, the ‘‘Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission 
Indians Land Transfer Act of 2015; H.R. 2386, the ‘‘Un-recognized Southeast Alaska Native Communities Rec-ognition and Compensation Act’’; and H.R. 2538, the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2015’’, 11 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, June 17, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Drones: The Next Generation of Commerce?’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
June 17, Subcommittee on National Security; and Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the President’s Executive Actions on Immigration’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 17, Sub-
committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Energy Oversight: Energy Innovation Hubs’’, 10:30 a.m., 
2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, June 17, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Crude Intentions: The Untold Story of the Ban, the Oil industry, and America’s Small Busi-nesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, June 17, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Long-Term Financing of the Highway Trust Fund’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: June 17, to hold hearings to 
examine the economic exposure of Federal credit pro-grams, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD708 June 15, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, June 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration 
of H.R. 1735, National Defense Authorization Act. At 11:30 a.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Feinstein (for McCain) Amendment No. 1889 (to Amendment No. 1463). At 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to McCain (for Ernst/Boxer) Amendment No. 1549 (to Amendment No. 1463), and Reed (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 1578 (to Amendment No. 1463), to be followed by the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McCain Amendment No. 1463. The filing deadline for second-degree amendments to the bill and to McCain Amendment No. 1463, will be at 12:15 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, June 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 2596—In-
telligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E895 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E894 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E893, E896, E898 Carter, John R., Tex., E897 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E896 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E896 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E893 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E897 
Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E894 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E896 Keating, William R., Mass., E900 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E898 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E894, E899 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E897 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E895 Olson, Pete, Tex., E898 Perry, Scott, Pa., E900 
Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E899 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E899 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E893 Westmoreland, Lynn A., Ga., E900 Young, David, Iowa, E893, E893, E894, E894, E895, E896, 
E897, E898, E898, E900 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15JN5.REC D15JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST