Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7031 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 2015 No. 154 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 21, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J OHN J. 
DUNCAN , Jr., to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
DRUG CRISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, my State of West Virginia is experiencing a crisis. West Virginia is leading the country in a rather grim category: drug overdoses. This issue goes beyond party lines, and it is rip-ping our State apart. 
President Obama is bringing national 
attention to our drug crisis by coming to my district this afternoon to discuss the prescription drug and heroin epi-demic. The statistics are disturbing. 
Overdoses in West Virginia increased by 134 percent between 2012 and 2013, which accounts for about 34 drug over-dose deaths per 100,000 West Virginia residents. This overdose rate is more than double the national average. 
There is no magical solution to this 
epidemic. We need local, State, and Federal officials to work together to effectively fight back. One of the ways that we can do this is to have the Fed-eral Government support the High In-tensity Drug Trafficking Areas pro-gram, also known as HIDTA. The HIDTA program provides needed funds to law enforcement to combat drug trafficking while also helping local treatment and prevention efforts. 
I have been hosting roundtable dis-
cussions across my district to hear di-rectly from communities that are af-fected by the drug epidemic. I recently held one of these discussions in the town of Romney, West Virginia, in Sep-tember, to talk about the ongoing issues they face in that community. 
Officials at the meeting agreed that 
we need to utilize all resources avail-able at the local, State, and Federal levels, and we agreed that HIDTA was a key tool in fighting back. It was also pointed out that foster parents are needed to help care for children whose parents are struggling with drug addic-tion issues. 
So you can help, too. But addressing drug trafficking is 
not the only thing that needs to be done to help fight the epidemic. We need to help the youngest victims of our shared battle with this crisis: in-fants who are born addicted. 
That is why I cosponsored and voted 
for H.R. 1462, the Protecting Our In-fants Act of 2015, which passed the House unanimously and is awaiting ac-tion in the U.S. Senate. This bill ad-dresses a condition called neonatal ab-stinence syndrome by helping to find the best way to diagnose, evaluate, and coordinate Federal efforts to help re-
search and respond to this debilitating condition. Infants who suffer from neo-natal abstinence syndrome can experi-ence seizures, respiratory impairments, tremors, fever, and difficulty feeding. 
Research published by the Journal of 
Perinatology found that the number of infants suffering from withdrawal grew nearly fivefold from 2000 to 2012. Evi-dence also shows that an infant is born with drug withdrawal every 25 minutes in the United States. 
In West Virginia, it is estimated 
that, in 1 out of every 13 births, a baby is addicted to drugs. This is a problem that needs serious attention imme-diately, but this is just one crucial step. 
To help fight addiction, one of the 
latest tools available to the public in West Virginia is a new 24-hour call line that has been launched to help people battling substance and mental health issues in West Virginia. 
The call line is 1–844–HELP4WV. The 
line is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, with the promise of never being put on hold. We must continue to work together to fight this epidemic. 
f 
LEGALIZING MARIJUANA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, ad-
vocates from the new emerging mari-juana industry in Oregon are descend-ing on Capitol Hill at a very critical time for this fledgling industry. 
They have a report about the imple-
mentation of Oregon’s Ballot Measure 91—overwhelmingly approved by voters last year—to legalize, tax, and regulate marijuana at the State level. Posses-sion became legal July 1. Retail sales were authorized in existing dispensaries on the 1st of October to significant interest around the State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.000 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7032 October 21, 2015 
The first week saw an estimated $11 
million in sales. 
They are working hard to implement 
the spirit and the letter of the meas-ure, working closely with the Oregon legislature to refine it, learning from the experience of States like Wash-ington and Colorado that have already legalized adult use. 
Theirs is a positive story of economic 
opportunity, product development, tax revenues, more freedom for individuals, and eliminating the racial disparities in the enforcement of a failed policy of prohibition that comes down heavily against young men of color, especially African Americans. 
At the same time, there was a scath-
ing report this week from Brookings Institution researchers John Hudak and Grace Wallack that called out the roadblocks that are being put in place by law enforcement and Federal poli-cies that stifle medical marijuana re-search, that interfere with the science and the doctor-patient relationship in ways that are completely unwarranted, counterproductive, and destructive. 
They come at a time when the Fed-
eral Government has told the Drug En-forcement Agency to stop harassing medical providers after Congress clear-ly passed legislation to protect the in-dustry and, more importantly, a pa-tient’s right to medicine. 
The Rohrabacher-Farr amendment 
passed with strong bipartisan support, clearly specifying that the Federal Government should not interfere with State-legal medical marijuana oper-ations. 
The Department of Justice, unfortu-
nately, took an outrageously flawed position, which infuriated those of us who authored these provisions and have worked to pass them over the last 2 years. The DEA ignored the law, and the Department of Justice defended them in this unfortunate action. 
It is the latest example of how far 
out of touch the Federal Government agencies are with the reality on the ground, with the will of the majority of the American people, who think that marijuana should be legal, and with the policies of the President himself. 
President Obama has declared mari-
juana no more harmful than other per-fectly legal substances, like tobacco, which is, in fact, true, and that he had bigger fish to fry than fight against State legalization. Unfortunately, some parts of his Federal Government are still frying those fish. 
The good news is that the tide has 
turned. As I mentioned, the majority of the American people now think mari-juana should be legal, as 23 States, the District of Columbia, and Guam now have medical marijuana and 17 more have authorized a limited version of medical marijuana. We have 4 States and the District of Columbia that per-mit outright adult use, with more States considering this over the course of the next year. 
All the Federal Government has to 
do, as Secretary Clinton recently said in Colorado, is just stay out of the way. 
Stop interfering. Let legal marijuana businesses have bank accounts. Don’t force them to be all cash. Let them de-duct their business expenses from their taxes instead of penalizing them with grotesquely punitive levels of tax. Let the States continue in their efforts at reform. Let them treat it just like we do alcohol. 
The day is fast coming when the Fed-
eral policy will be to robustly research and, ultimately, deschedule—or re-move—marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act, no longer pretending that it is or should be a Schedule I con-trolled substance, and, instead, tax and regulate it at the Federal level. 
In the meantime, the States will con-
tinue marching forward; the public will continue to request that we, at the Federal level, stop interfering with medical marijuana; and Congress will continue our efforts with increasingly large, bipartisan majorities to make this policy work to replace the failed attempt at marijuana prohibition. 
f 
CONGRESS AND ISRAEL MUST 
STAND TOGETHER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
the United States and Israel share the same principles and values: funda-mental ideas like freedom, democracy, respect for the rule of law, and human rights. 
Our nations also share, sadly, the 
same security concerns, like fighting terrorism and seeing stability in the Middle East, two issues that seemingly grow worse for the entire region day by day, but especially for Israel. Many of the recent tragic terror attacks and in-cidents of violence in Israel have been incited by both the Palestinian Au-thority and Hamas, with Abu Mazen openly inciting the violence himself. 
Tomorrow the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee will mark up a resolution that I introduced alongside my south Florida colleague, Congressman T
EDDEUTCH , 
which condemns the anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement by Abu Mazen and the Palestinian Authority. When Israeli citizens cannot walk out of their homes to go safely to work or to go to the grocery store for fear of an-other terrorist attack, we must hold the Palestinian leadership accountable. 
Abu Mazen is also threatening Israel 
at the United Nations, where he seeks to delegitimize Israel and seeks unilat-eral Palestinian statehood. Just last month, Abu Mazen told the U.N. Gen-eral Assembly that Palestinians would not abide by past agreements, proving, once again, that he is no partner for peace. 
This morning a maneuver was foiled 
at UNESCO when the P.A. attempted to include incendiary text in a resolu-tion that claimed the Western Wall was part of a Muslim holy site; and, next week, Abu Mazen is scheduled to speak 
at a special meeting at the U.N. Human Rights Council. 
You have got to be kidding: Abu 
Mazen speaking at a Human Rights Council. 
President Obama must hold Abu 
Mazen accountable instead of con-tinuing to give him a pass for his ac-tions and show that actions have con-sequences. 
But these aren’t the only challenges 
that Israel faces. In addition to the ter-ror inside Israel, it remains surrounded by threats like ISIL, Iran, Syria, chal-lenges that are shared by the United States. 
The Iran deal is riddled with loop-
holes, with ambiguities, and with out-right dangerous provisions, including a sunset clause that paves the way for a nuclear-armed Iran in as little as 15 years—just bide the time. It also in-cludes the lifting of the arms embargo against Iran and the lifting of sanc-tions on Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram. 
In addition, the Iran deal releases bil-
lions of dollars that is allowing the re-gime to increase its terror financing and helps fulfill its destructive ambi-tions in the Middle East. 
For years, Congress, not the adminis-
tration, has led the charge to push back against Iran and to sanction it through an effective sanctions program that constricts its energy, transpor-tation, and financial sectors. 
It is now up to Congress to be 
proactive again, to get out in front of the Iranian deal, and to ensure that the administration holds Iran accountable and will not allow incremental cheat-ing, because it is almost impossible to see this administration scuttling the deal for anything less than a major vio-lation on Iran’s part. We need to de-velop stronger sanctions against Iran for its illicit behavior and ensure that the administration fully enforces the sanctions on the books. 
While the U.N. resolutions imple-
menting an arms embargo and restrict-ing Iran’s ballistic missile program are still in place, Iran is already testing our resolve. It is violating these resolu-
tions. It test-fired a ballistic missile, and it continues to ship arms to Assad and Hezbollah to use against the people of Syria and against Israel. 
b1015 
Congress must move to enact addi-
tional sanctions against Iran, and we must designate and sanction Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Quds Force, because they will be the big winners in this sanctions relief. We must target Hezbollah and Iran’s other proxies because you can be sure that, with Hezbollah, it is only a matter of when, not if, it decides to attack Israel. 
We must ensure that Israel has what 
it needs to defend itself from Hezbollah and from other outside threats. With Iran providing Hezbollah with more ad-vanced rockets and missiles, even with precision-guided systems, Israel is fac-ing an enemy with almost 150,000 rock-ets pointed at every major city in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.025 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7033 October 21, 2015 
Israel. Congress needs to get more 
funding to Israel for its David’s Sling system, for its Iron Dome system; and we need to do it sooner, rather than later. 
Israel is an oasis of freedom in a 
desert of tyranny, a desert of terror and instability; and it is absolutely vital, Mr. Speaker, that Congress and Israel stand together to face these challenges united. The President won’t do it. The Congress must. 
f 
COMMUNITY VOICES: WHY 
NUTRITION ASSISTANCE MATTERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-
cently had the pleasure of speaking with a group of people involved with Community Voices: Why Nutrition As-sistance Matters. It was inspiring to hear about the real and positive im-pacts our Federal nutrition programs have in the daily lives of Americans all across this country. 
Community Voices is a summer-long 
national campaign launched by the Center for American Progress, the Coa-lition on Human Needs, Witnesses to Hunger, the Food Research and Action Center, Feeding America, and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. 
It was started to share the personal 
stories of individuals and service pro-viders who experienced firsthand pro-grams like SNAP or WIC or school meals. These contributors are the real experts when it comes to the impor-tance and effect of our vital nutrition assistance programs. 
The Community Voices campaign 
culminated in this booklet, a compila-tion of many of these personal stories. I would like to take a moment and share a few of these stories. 
Jonetta, from Sacramento, Cali-
fornia, says: 
‘‘Several years ago, I left an abusive 
relationship, and now I am raising my daughter by myself. My daughter par-ticipates in the school meal program and the after-school snack program. The snack program really helps so that my daughter isn’t as hungry when she gets home from school. 
‘‘We also receive $356 a month in 
SNAP. This money is supposed to sup-plement my food budget, but it is real-ly all of my food budget because my in-come barely covers my rent. Right now, I’m homeless, and it is hard to find a place to live for less than $500 a month. 
‘‘Because of SNAP, we are not starv-
ing. As a mom, I try to cut out a lot of bad food from my family’s diet, but it is a difficult task to buy the healthier food because it is expensive. It’s also very difficult because we have been homeless for a couple of months, so I have to use other people’s refrig-erators. 
‘‘I am very thankful for these pro-
grams and to all the people who are trying to make all these programs bet-
ter. They really helped me and my daughter.’’ 
Let me share another story from 
Linda from the Massachusetts Coali-tion of the Homeless: 
‘‘Several years ago, I volunteered at 
a summer program at a park in Mor-gantown, Kentucky, assisting with skill-building activities. Without this nutrition program, the kids who came would not have had lunch, since school was not in session. If the kids didn’t come to that park for nutritional food, I’m not sure they would have gotten it anywhere else. None of the food was wasted; and if there was any food left over, the kids would take it back to their families. 
‘‘Food is a basic human right, and 
our government sometimes forgets that and needs to be reminded. This is a moral imperative for our country to make sure that all people, especially children, have the resources needed to develop—even more so for families and children in poverty.’’ 
I want to thank Jonetta, Linda, and 
all of those who took the time to share their stories. They remind us that these programs are helping real fami-lies who are trying to do their best in very difficult times. 
Mr. Speaker, all too often the discus-
sion around SNAP and our other antihunger programs is punctuated by misinformation, false stereotypes, or downright nasty rhetoric. It is frus-trating, and it is wrong. 
Community Voices reminds us what 
a positive difference these programs make for families who are really strug-gling. 
The data backs up just how impor-
tant these programs are. In 2014 alone, for example, SNAP lifted 4.7 million people out of poverty, including 2.1 million children. Ninety-two percent of benefits go to households with incomes below the poverty line, which includes millions of struggling families working hard every day to put food on the table. 
Federal investment in our nutrition 
programs is one of the smartest invest-ments we can make. For example, for every $1 spent on preventive services for a pregnant woman in WIC, the pro-gram saves $4.21 in Medicaid costs by reducing the risk of preterm birth and associated costs. 
Mr. Speaker, I have long believed 
that we need to hear firsthand from the people who are directly touched by SNAP, WIC, or school meals. They are the real experts, and they can guide us, as Members of Congress, as we work to strengthen and improve these pro-grams. 
Every Member of Congress should 
have received a Community Voices booklet. It is a call to action to protect our vital nutrition assistance pro-grams. I encourage you to read the sto-ries about how these programs are helping families who need them most. Without them, hunger would be much, much worse in this country. I urge you to keep their stories in 
mind the next time proposals come be-fore Congress to cut funding for WIC or restrict access to SNAP or make it more difficult for kids to get healthy meals in school. Harmful changes like these would hurt real families who are already struggling. We should not make their lives more difficult. We should not be making hunger worse in this country. Mr. Speaker, we can and we should do more to end hunger now. 
f 
FIRE PREVENTION MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Octo-ber as National Fire Prevention Month and would like to thank all the fire-fighters across my district and across the Nation for all that they do to keep our communities safe. 
In 2013, departments across the 
United States responded to nearly 400,000 fires, resulting in $7 billion in property damage and more than 2,700 deaths. That, unfortunately, amounts to an average of eight people every day. 
Of those who lost their lives as a re-
sult of fire, one in four was caused by a fire that started in a bedroom. This is one of the reasons why one focus of this year’s Fire Prevention Month is to raise awareness that every bedroom needs a working smoke detector. 
Mr. Speaker, as a volunteer fire-
fighter with nearly three decades of ex-perience, I know that smoke detectors save lives. The statistics prove this, showing that working smoke detectors cut the risk of dying in a fire by half. 
Smoke detectors are inexpensive and 
easy to install. I urge everyone to take action to help prevent future tragedies. 
GOODWILL INDUSTRIES ’ 50TH ANNIVERSARY  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 50th anniversary of Goodwill Industries of North Central, located in my dis-trict. This organization assists people across a huge portion of north central Pennsylvania, including 13 counties. 
Goodwill has been a valuable part of 
its region since its launch in 1966. Over the years, their service area has grown to cover more than a dozen counties, 20 stores—the most recent addition, our 21st store, which is an online store they operate—and has created jobs for more than 500 people. Last week, I visited Goodwill’s distribution center in Jef-ferson County, Pennsylvania, and learned more about the organization’s plans to open an additional three stores as well as a donation training center. 
Fifty years after its founding, hard 
work and determination are still the cornerstone to Goodwill of North Cen-tral’s foundation. 
It certainly helps that this great 
local organization is backed by a high-ly regarded national network. Across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.004 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7034 October 21, 2015 
the United States, Goodwill is consid-
ered one of the top five most valuable and recognized nonprofit brands and is the second-largest nonprofit organiza-tion. Pennsylvania alone is served by 10 Goodwill Industries service areas; and Goodwill has solid ties to the com-munities it services through partner-ships with local businesses, schools, and human service agencies, helping individuals overcome life challenges through opportunity, education, train-ing, and employment. 
I often say that I wear many hats 
during my day-to-day routine: father, husband, community member, care-giver, legislator, and so on. I am sure most of you would agree with the fact that the different roles that you fulfill in your life provide you with diverse perspectives and help shape your out-look on what is most important. My experiences have solidified my belief in the value of community. Whether we are talking about our national econ-omy, the quality of our health care, or closing the skills gap, we can agree that the most successful efforts start in our local communities from the ground up. 
Those who donate to Goodwill can 
have peace of mind that their money is going to the right place, since 90 cents of every dollar is directed toward its mission and its services. These services were provided to nearly 1,200 people across the north central region in Pennsylvania in 2013, providing an im-mensurable benefit to our region. 
The 50th anniversary celebration is a 
great time to reflect on all of the growth that Goodwill Industries of North Central has achieved as a team and to continue to prepare your plans for the future. I commend them for all their remarkable accomplishments, and I look forward to the great things that are to come. 
f 
DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
morning in some horror and alarm over the so-called Default Prevention Act that this Chamber will be considering. Of all the Orwellian names that the House comes up with for legislation, this one is truly deserving of an award by the Ministry of Truth. 
For those of you at home who have 
not been following the swirling, mad-cap antics around the House of Rep-resentatives lately, let me assure you that the Default Prevention Act in no way prevents a default. The Default Prevention Act, in fact, specifies that two categories of people get paid in the event that the Congress does not raise the debt ceiling. It specifies that pri-vate bondholders of U.S. Treasuries will get paid interest, and it specifies that Social Security recipients will be held harmless. They will get paid. 
Now, at some level, maybe that 
sounds attractive; but everybody else that is expecting a check or a salary or 
some form of repayment by the United States Government, they are out of luck. 
1.4 million Active-Duty troops, they 
are not in this bill as somebody who gets paid if the government doesn’t raise the debt ceiling. Four million dis-abled veterans are out of luck under this bill. One million doctors who today are providing Medicare services to our senior citizens are out of luck. Sorry. You didn’t make it into the De-fault Prevention Act cooked up by the Republican majority. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that stun-
ningly and explicitly defines for the world, tells everybody exactly how the U.S. Government intends to be a dead-beat, who we are going to pay and who we are not going to pay, and here is how we are going to be a deadbeat. 
Why would you do that? What pos-
sible sense does that make? 
There are all kinds of reasons why 
this is a terrible piece of legislation, but let me just focus on two. 
Number one, I hear constantly from 
my friends on the Republican side of the aisle that everything creates win-ners and losers: the Affordable Care Act, the Ex-Im Bank, you name it. Dodd-Frank creates winners and losers. This bill very explicitly creates win-ners: Social Security recipients and bondholders. 
By the way, who are these bond-
holders? Who holds United States Treasury debt? Do you? 
I will tell you who holds most of it: 
China. China does. This is why, on the Democratic side of the aisle, we have called this bill the Pay China First Act, which is actually a much better description of what this act actually does than the Default Prevention Act. 
More seriously, Mr. Speaker, I 
worked in the capital markets for a long time. There is no way to grace-fully default on your debt, to say, ‘‘Oh, we will pay interest; we will pay Social Security. But we are not going to pay soldiers; we are not going to pay Medi-care.’’ Once you tell the world that we do not intend to abide by our obliga-tions, the world loses its faith in the United States. 
Folks, this debt ceiling is a fiction. It 
is an absurdist fiction. What do we get from it? The debt ceiling has never pre-vented the accumulation of debt. That happens because this Chamber and the United States Congress chooses to spend more money than it chooses to tax and bring in. 
There are really only two ways to re-
duce the deficit and the debt: you can tax more, which nobody likes to do; or you can spend less, which it turns out that nobody really wants to do either because, of course, everybody in this Chamber has the things that they want to spend their money on, but the other guy’s stuff, well, that we are going to cut. 
So we have the ultimate hypocrisy of 
saying we are going to tax too little and spend too much, create a deficit, but then we are going to vote on this 
magical thing called the debt ceiling that will allow us to say ‘‘I am not raising the debt ceiling because I op-pose spending.’’ It is absurd. And you know what? It leads to legislation like this. 
b1030 
Mr. Speaker, we have seen this movie 
before. Pretty soon in the next couple of days, grown men and women in this Chamber are going to talk about maybe the Treasury minting a high-de-nomination platinum coin to solve this problem, as though we were characters in some kind of ‘‘Harry Potter’’ movie instead of responsible legislators. 
This needs to stop, Mr. Speaker. My 
constituents are sick and tired of the House of Representatives acting in this fashion: ideological and absurd. My constituents want us to come together to deal with the real problems facing America: of improving the economy, of making education accessible. But, no, we are going to spend some time on this absurdly named Default Preven-tion Act. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
this thing and move on to more serious issues. 
f 
OUR NATION’S DEBT TAX 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, in a mere 
14 days, America will hit the limit for our national debt; but rather than working with Congress to address the causes of our debt, President Obama is demanding we dump more debt on our kids and grandkids. 
President Obama is very different 
from Senator Obama. Here is a photo of Senator Obama speaking on the Senate floor, and here is what he said on our national debt on the Senate floor on March 16, 2006: 
‘‘The fact that we are here today to 
debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. It is a sign that the U.S. Government can’t pay its own bills. It is a sign that we now de-pend on ongoing financial assistance from foreign countries to finance our government’s reckless fiscal policies. 
‘‘Over the past 5 years, our Federal 
debt has increased by $3.5 trillion to $8.6 trillion. That is ‘trillion’ with a ‘T.’ That is money that we have bor-rowed from the Social Security trust fund, borrowed from China and Japan, borrowed from American taxpayers. 
‘‘Numbers that large are sometimes 
hard to understand. Some people may wonder why they matter. Here is why: This year the Federal Government will spend $220 billion on interest.’’ 
The $8.6 trillion that horrified Sen-
ator Obama in 2006 has exploded to $18.1 trillion on President Obama’s watch. ‘‘That is ‘trillion’ with a ‘T,’’’ to quote Senator Obama. 
Senator Obama later explained: ‘‘Every dollar we pay in interest is a 
dollar that is not going to investment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.005 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7035 October 21, 2015 
in America’s priorities. Instead, inter-
est payments are a significant tax on all Americans, a debt tax that Wash-ington doesn’t want to talk about.’’ 
Senator Obama abhorred a debt tax 
that Washington didn’t want to talk about, and now he refuses to talk about his new debt tax. 
Senator Obama closed by saying: ‘‘Increasing America’s debt weakens 
us domestically and internationally. Leadership means that ‘the buck stops here.’ Instead, Washington is shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grand-children. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I, therefore, intend to oppose the effort to increase America’s debt limit.’’ 
If Senator Obama thought that a na-
tional debt of $8.6 trillion with a T is a ‘‘failure of leadership,’’ what has changed? Why is President Obama okay with a new debt tax of over $20 trillion, trillion with a T? 
Clearly, President Obama has forgot-
ten Senator Obama’s words, but the American people remember. On their behalf and on behalf of all young Amer-icans who will be crushed by this new debt, I ask President Obama to de-crease our debt by working with Con-gress to stop his new debt tax. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP HOSTING 
‘‘SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, did 
you hear that ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’ has invited Donald Trump to host the show in November? Now, let me get the exact quote from July when Donald Trump launched his ‘‘make America hate again’’ campaign. He said: 
‘‘When Mexico sends its people, 
they’re not sending their best . . . They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing us those problems. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.’’ 
‘‘They’re sending us not the right 
people. It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably from the Middle East.’’ 
While much of what Donald Trump 
says is hilarious, intentionally or oth-erwise, bald-faced racism for political gain isn’t funny. His statements should disqualify him from being able to take the stage in any entertainment venue and speak to the American people as if what he said was no big deal. 
It is not that I don’t get the joke—I 
haven’t been kidnapped by the politi-cally correct police—but when public figures cross certain lines, they should lose their privileges to host TV shows, at least until they have apologized for their unacceptable behavior. To put Donald Trump on the air in America’s living rooms on the signature comedy 
show of one of the most important na-tional networks after saying that Mexicans are rapists, drug dealers, and criminals, that is a corporate blunder too big to be ignored. 
What happened, NBC and Comcast? 
Within a couple of weeks after Trump launched those racist bombs, you dumped Trump. You dumped his TV show on your network. You dumped his pageants and other ventures on NBC and Universal networks like Telemundo. 
In July, NBC said: ‘‘Due to the recent 
derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding immigrants, NBCUniversal is ending its business re-lationship with Mr. Trump.’’ 
NBC said: ‘‘Respect and dignity for 
all people are cornerstones of our val-ues.’’ 
NBC, you were not alone in dumping 
Trump. Macy’s Department Stores dumped Trump’s clothing line, Serta dumped Trump’s mattresses, chef Jose Andres pulled his new restaurant from a Trump hotel, and Univision dumped a Trump pageant. Even NASCAR and ESPN dumped Trump. Corporate Amer-ica stepped up to the plate and dumped Trump, and we all applauded. 
Let’s be clear: the goodwill that cor-
porate America earned from dumping Trump didn’t just come from the Mexi-can-American community. No, when Trump says Mexicans are murderers, rapists, and drug dealers, Puerto Rico knows he is talking about us, too, and Colombians and Salvadorans, and pret-ty much everyone in the Latino com-munity. 
Look, Americans aren’t very good at 
telling us apart; so when we are under attack by a tycoon running for the Re-publican Presidential nomination, we can’t tell us apart either. We are all family. 
What happened, Comcast, Universal, 
and NBC? Now, 3 months later, have Donald Trump’s words been expunged? Did I miss an apology on one of his al-most nightly television appearances? Has he confessed his racist and hateful call to action? 
Well, NBC installing Trump as SNL 
host may be good for ratings, but it is a bigger deal than a cameo or being a guest on ‘‘The Tonight Show.’’ I am calling you out. 
If Donald Trump had said gays and 
lesbians were murderers and raping Americans, would he get to host a show? It is every bit as much a fiction and a lie. 
Donald Trump has said some pretty 
awful things about women individually and collectively. But what if he said most women were criminals? Would the writers be thinking up sketches for Trump if he had slandered an entire gender rather than an entire ethnic group? 
Trump says he wants to do away with 
the part of the Constitution that al-lowed freed slaves, freed African Amer-ican slaves to be treated fully as Amer-ican citizens. Yes, Trump thinks we do not need the 14th Amendment to the 
Constitution. 
But what if he said that Black people 
were murderers, rapists, drug dealers? Would you still pitch skits with Donald Trump and some lighthearted banter? 
What if all the Latino cast members 
all walked off the job at ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’? Oh, wait, you don’t have any Latino cast members. 
I do seem to remember Comcast 
spending a lot of time on Capitol Hill when they had a merger deal with Time Warner and they wanted support from Members of Congress. Comcast said Latinos were so important to them, and they had plans to do this and that and the other thing to support the Latino and immigrant community. 
What happened? The merger didn’t go 
through, so you no longer feel the sense of corporate responsibility to the 55 million Latinos that live in the USA? Giving free airtime to people who insult and malign them is now part of your business model? 
I just want to say one last thing to 
producer Lorne Michaels. I wonder if he had said that Canadians were rap-ists, murderers, and drug dealers, would you be inviting him on SNL? 
Mr. Speaker, I place in the R
ECORD a 
letter that I sent NBC Comcast yester-day. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 20, 2015. 
Mr. B RIAN ROBERTS , 
Chairman/President/CEO, Comcast Corp, Philadelphia, PA. Mr. S
TEPHEN B. B URKE , 
President/CEO, NBCUniversal, New York, NY. 
D
EARMESSRS . ROBERTS AND BURKE : Having 
Donald Trump as a guest on every news and entertainment program is one thing, but al-lowing him to host Saturday Night Live is another. It is a level of endorsement that says to America that every hateful and rac-ist thing Donald Trump has said since the moment he launched his campaign is accept-able and no big deal. 
Well, it is a big deal. He said Mexicans are 
rapists, criminals and drug-dealers, and to be clear, when he said Mexicans are those things, he was tarring all Latinos and all im-migrants. His exact words were, ‘‘They’re sending us not the right people. It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s com-ing probably from the Middle East.’’ 
The reaction in July from NBC was swift 
and clear: ‘‘Due to the recent derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding im-migrants, NBCUniversal is ending its busi-ness relationship with Mr. Trump.’’ And NBC said, ‘‘Respect and dignity for all people are cornerstones of our values.’’ 
Serta, Macy’s, NASCAR, Univision, and 
ESPN were among the others that also acted to dump Trump. 
Three months later, because he is a ratings 
and comedy bonanza, Lorne Michaels and Saturday Night Live (SNL) are giving the Trump campaign 90 minutes of free network airtime. 
I think I speak for a lot of Americans, es-
pecially immigrant Americans and Latino Americans, when I say that if SNL is allowed to proceed, it would be a huge corporate blunder. 
When Comcast sought a merger with Time 
Warner, I and a lot of my Congressional His-panic Caucus colleagues heard from you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.007 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7036 October 21, 2015 
about your commitment to the Latino com-
munity and the level of corporate responsi-bility you pledged to your diverse audience. I certainly hope that your commitment to ‘‘respect and dignity for all people’’ was not some hollow promise and is in fact a corner-stone of your values. 
Please disinvite him. Make a statement: 
Derogatory statements of the nature trumpeted by Trump about any group dis-qualifies someone from hosting shows on your network. Send a message that racism is not funny and that responsibility to your viewers and the public is more important than ratings. It is a chance for your com-pany—again—to show you are committed to your audience in more ways than just the ad revenues they provide you. 
Please do the right thing and dump Trump. 
Sincerely, 
L
UISV. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
WEST VIRGINIA’S DRUG CRISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, President Obama is coming to West Virginia today to talk about our State’s and Nation’s drug crisis. What I hope he will also talk about on his visit to our capital city, Charleston, what I hope he will acknowledge, is our State’s jobs crisis. West Virginia has lost good jobs: jobs in our coal mines, jobs in our schools and small busi-nesses, jobs in our small towns and communities throughout southern West Virginia. 
Regulations from the President’s own 
Environmental Protection Agency are forcing coal mines to close. Our coal miners are out of work. Our coal fami-lies are facing an uncertain future. We have lost an estimated 43 percent of our coal jobs in just the last 6 years under this administration’s policies. 
Eighteen percent—18 percent—of un-
employed people reported using illegal drugs. That is more than twice the number of people who used illegal drugs who were employed. The best antidrug policy is a good jobs policy. 
West Virginia has the highest over-
dose rate in the country. We also have the highest unemployment rate in the country. Nearly every family in this State has been touched by drug abuse and, tragically, far too many families. There are those who have suffered and actually buried a loved one due to the horrible disease of addiction. 
The President will announce several 
initiatives to help address the heroin and opioid crisis. He is going to talk about prescriber training. He is going to talk about access to naloxone, a powerful antidote to an overdose. He is going to talk about public education. 
b1045 
He is going to talk about public edu-
cation. These are all excellent steps. These are actually things we already are doing in West Virginia. We have 
taken great strides on many fronts, in-cluding these in West Virginia, to ar-rest this problem. 
These proposals, however, I am 
afraid, do not go far enough to really make a difference and treat those bat-tling addiction. The President needs to propose a strong plan to get people real treatment to address their addictions and become healthy and productive members of society again. 
Many West Virginians who want 
treatment don’t have anywhere to go. Those suffering from addiction are forced to leave West Virginia to find help, treatment, and their families are falling apart. 
To improve West Virginia, to give 
West Virginians hope for a better fu-ture, to give them an alternative to de-structive lifestyles, we have to get peo-ple back to work. 
Mr. President, a good job solves a lot 
of problems. 
West Virginians are a proud people. 
We are not asking for a handout. We want to do a full day’s work for a full day’s pay. 
The administration is crushing West 
Virginia’s coal miners, machinists, healthcare workers, truckers, small business owners, and Main Street. 
Mr. President, if you want to help 
win the war on drugs, stop your war on coal. What we need is the Federal Gov-ernment to get out of the way of West Virginia, and let us get back to work. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
O
LSON ). Members are reminded to ad-
dress their remarks to the Chair. 
f 
WE CANNOT RUN THE MIDDLE 
EAST 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, over the past 15 years, we have had thousands of young Ameri-cans killed and thousands more maimed and trillions of U.S. taxpayer dollars spent in our failed attempts at nation building in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other parts of the Middle East. 
Surely, surely, we have learned a 
very expensive lesson, that we cannot run the Middle East. In fact, in some ways, our good intentions have made things worse. 
Now some companies and people who 
make money off of an interventionist foreign policy are clamoring for us to get in an even bigger way in bloody Syria. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not true conserv-
atism. 
Mr. Speaker, the conservative col-
umnist Thomas Sowell wrote recently and said: ‘‘What lessons might we learn from the whole experience of the Iraq War? If nothing else, we should never again imagine that we can engage in ‘nation-building’ in the sweeping sense that term acquired in Iraq—least of all building a democratic Arab nation in a region of the world that has never had such a thing in a history that goes 
back thousands of years.’’ 
David Keene, the conservative opin-
ion editor of the Washington Times, wrote: 
The concept of U.S. national interests was 
stretched beyond any rational meaning. America took on more than we could pos-sibly handle. The result is a generation of young Americans who have never known peace; a decade in which thousands of our best have died or been maimed, with little to show for their sacrifices; our enemies have multiplied; and the national debt has sky-rocketed. 
Mr. Speaker, President Kennedy said 
in one of his most famous speeches at the University of Washington in 1961: 
We must face the fact that the United 
States is neither omnipotent nor omniscient, that we are only 6 percent of the world’s pop-ulation, that we cannot impose our will on the other 94 percent of mankind, that we cannot right every wrong or reverse each ad-versity, and that, therefore, there cannot be an American solution to every world prob-lem. 
The only difference now, Mr. Speak-
er, is that we are 4 percent of the world’s population instead of 6 percent that he mentioned. But I would repeat those words of President Kennedy: ‘‘We cannot right every wrong or reverse every adversity and that, therefore, there cannot be an American solution to every world problem. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 49 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
We continue to ask Your blessing on 
all those who are discerning significant options about leadership here in the people’s House. 
You endow all Your people with gifts 
of various designs, meant to be used in service to others. May the pressures that come to bear not obscure honest self-reflection and evaluation of the gifts that each has to bring to the needs of this time in the people’s House. 
Bless all Members with a sense of 
their collective responsibility to our Nation and to this assembly so that the American people might look forward to the coming months with hope and a re-newed respect and trust in those whom they have elected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.002 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7037 October 21, 2015 
May all that is done today and in the 
days to come be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. P ITTENGER ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. PITTENGER led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
UNESCO WESTERN WALL VOTE 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
this morning an initiative aimed at delegitimatizing Israel was defeated at UNESCO. 
Abu Mazen is set to head to the U.N. 
Human Rights Council for an emer-gency meeting next week where he will surely spew more of his dangerous rhetoric and even further inflame the tensions between the Palestinians and Israelis. 
The U.S. has had a clear policy of de-
fending Israel from these biased at-tacks at the U.N., but recently we have seen perhaps a troubling shift in policy by the current administration. 
The administration’s refusal to stand 
publicly and firmly with Israel emboldens groups at the U.N. to push forward with these initiatives and un-dermines longstanding U.S. policy. If the administration won’t counter these efforts at the U.N., then Congress must use every tool at our disposal to hold these agencies and Abu Mazen account-able. 
Mr. Speaker, we must send a clear 
message to all the member states at the U.N. that Congress stands with Israel and that we will not allow these efforts to continue that seek to under-mine the Jewish state, our best ally, and the U.N. 
f 
RHODE ISLAND WALK FOR 
EPILEPSY 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 2015 Rhode Is-land Walk for Epilepsy, which will take place this Saturday, October 24, at Slater Memorial Park in Pawtucket. 
One in 26 people will develop epilepsy 
at some point in their lifetime. Today in the United States, there are 4.3 mil-lion adults and 750,000 children who are living with epilepsy or a seizure dis-order. 
There is no known cure for epilepsy, 
and it is critical that we do more to support research that will help develop new forms of treatment for those suf-fering from this disease. 
I want to extend my deep gratitude 
to everyone who has been involved in planning this year’s Rhode Island Walk for Epilepsy. I want to especially rec-ognize one of my constituents, Robbie Thorp, whom I had the opportunity to meet with in April of this year when he was selected to serve as Rhode Island’s ambassador for the Kids Speak Up con-ference in Washington, D.C. 
Robbie is an impressive young man 
who has already demonstrated himself to be a strong advocate for epilepsy awareness in Rhode Island. 
Again, I extend my best wishes for a 
successful event to him and everyone taking part in this Saturday’s Rhode Island Walk for Epilepsy. 
f 
GARLAND DENNY—A DEDICATED 
PATRIOT 
(Mr. PITTENGER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in memory of my good friend, Garland Denny, a true and dedicated 
patriot devoted to helping veterans in need. 
Mr. Denny died last week at the age 
of 84. During the Korean war, Mr. Denny served our country aboard the USS Franklin D. Roosevelt. 
Following a long and successful ca-
reer as a structural steel draftsman, Mr. Denny spent his retirement advo-cating for a special postage stamp to raise money for veterans’ services. 
In support of Mr. Denny, 55 Members 
of the House and Senate joined me this summer in writing the U.S. Postmaster General urging the creation of a Stamp Out PTSD semipostal stamp to help raise money for PTSD research and treatment. 
We remain committed to Mr. Denny’s 
goal of helping veterans and over-coming the bureaucracy standing in the way. Mr. Denny reminds us that one committed American can make a big difference. 
His sons, Chuck and James, have 
joined me today in the House Chamber and intend to carry on their father’s mission. May God bless you both and your sister, Sue. 
f 
DEBT CEILING 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, as Re-
publicans bicker behind closed doors, the deadline to raise the debt limit draws closer and closer. 
If we fail to act in time, interest 
rates will skyrocket, the dollar will plummet, and the stock market could collapse. That is unacceptable. It is time to bring this manufactured crisis to an end. 
Let’s not fool ourselves. Even if the 
Republican leadership does manage to pass a last-minute extension, the mere threat of a default will inflict real damage on the American economy. Economists tell us that the 2011 debt limit standoff cost American jobs and contributed to the downgrade of the U.S. credit rating, and we are repeating the same mistake today. 
That is why the true threat to our 
fragile economic recovery isn’t our budget deficit; it is the leadership def-icit that exists within the Republican Party. Unfortunately, for conservative Republicans, irresponsibility has be-come a badge of honor and recklessness a source of pride. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
want leadership instead of brinksmanship. They want cooperation and compromise instead of deadlock and dysfunction. Let’s raise the debt ceiling and move on to the critical work of building a stronger and more prosperous Nation. 
f 
DEBT MANAGEMENT AND FISCAL 
RESPONSIBILITY ACT 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, our 
national debt now stands at more than $18 trillion. If current law remains un-changed, the CBO projects Federal debt can exceed $50 trillion in our lifetime. This cannot be sustained. 
That is why I have introduced the 
Debt Management and Fiscal Responsi-bility Act. This bill provides early and clear-eyed assessment of the debt well before even reaching the statutory debt limit. 
Under this bill, the Treasury Sec-
retary would report on three items: first, the national debt and debt pro-tection; second, debt reduction pro-posals; and, third, regular progress re-ports to Congress on debt reduction. 
All of this information would be made readily available to the public. 
The national debt is a shared respon-
sibility, and it will take a shared exec-utive legislative approach to reduce it. We can no longer afford to put $18 tril-lion on autopilot. Let’s deal with it head-on and find a responsible measure to retire the debt before it is too late. 
f 
CONSUMER PRICE INDEX FOR THE 
ELDERLY 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, the Social Security Administra-tion announced that there would be no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.011 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7038 October 21, 2015 
cost of living adjustment to Social Se-
curity benefits next year. 
This news has seniors in western New 
York worried. The price of food, hous-ing, and health care have increased. Without a corresponding increase in benefits, seniors will be asked to do more with less. 
The formula used to determine cost 
of living adjustments is not properly reflecting the senior economy. Seniors spend more on housing, food, and med-ical care and less on travel and edu-cation. That is why I support legisla-tion to adopt a new formula, called the Consumer Price Index for the Elderly, that would give weight to price in-creases in housing and medical care and more accurately reflect the costs incurred by seniors. 
Unless Congress acts, the incomes of 
60 million Americans will be effectively reduced. That would be bad for our economy and worse for the vulnerable Americans that we are here to protect. 
f 
GRATEFUL RESPONSE TO SOUTH 
CAROLINA FLOOD 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, despite the destruction of the thousand-year rain event flooding, it was a testament to the people of South Carolina working together. Led by Governor Nikki Haley and Adjutant General Bob Livingston, our State is a model for disaster response. 
I am grateful for our State Emer-
gency Management Division, led by Di-rector Kim Stenson, for over 1,500 suc-cessful rescue missions and to all of our first responders for the countless rescues. 
Credit is due to Director Christy Hall 
and the South Carolina Department of Transportation for their tireless work. During the flooding, over 500 roads and bridges were closed. I know firsthand, 
as the road I live on was washed out, the location of our family home for the last six generations, which was named by my grandmother. 
Donations and volunteers have come 
from across the Nation. The Salvation Army, led by Major Roger Coulson, has provided over 50,000 meals to displaced persons in the flooding. The Red Cross, inspired by national president Gale McGovern’s visit, has operated 26 shel-ters. 
I appreciate the positive spirit of the 
people of South Carolina spontaneously coming together as family and neigh-bors before turning to government. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President by his actions must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Thank you, Coach Steve Spurrier, for 
developing winning Gamecocks. 
f 
MUST-ACT DEADLINES 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, even 
some of my Republican colleagues ac-knowledge that there is chaos in their conference and that chaos has con-sequences. Governing from one manu-factured crisis to another, we have piled up a whole series of must-act deadlines. 
In just 8 days, the U.S. Government 
will default unless Congress acts. Once again, Republicans are jeopardizing the full faith and credit of the United 
States. 
Unfortunately, that is just one of the 
deadlines that we face in this calendar of chaos. In just weeks, we have got to pass another budget or face another GOP-engineered shutdown. 
We have to pass a highway trust fund 
bill. Hopefully, it is not another short- term patch but something that actu-ally gets Americans working and re-builds our infrastructure. 
Sadly, the Export-Import Bank still 
sits idle. Fortunately, a handful of cou-rageous Republicans joined all Demo-crats, and next week, hopefully, we will be able to get that moving again. It shouldn’t take that kind of an extraor-dinary measure. We ought to be able to do it through the normal course of leg-islation. 
This chaos is out of hand. Hardworking Americans go to work 
every day. We need to do our job in Congress, and that is to do the business of the American people. Mr. Speaker, we have long passed time. We need to get to work. 
f 
SOAR ACT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the 
House this week will vote on H.R. 10, the SOAR Reauthorization Act, known as the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act. This will authorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Pro-gram for an additional 5 years. 
At the core of this scholarship pro-
gram is a simple premise that every American child deserves the oppor-tunity to receive a great education. No child should be forced to attend low- performing public schools when alter-natives for parents and their children are available right around the corner. 
Education is essential to climbing 
the ladder of success in this Nation, and this bill takes a positive step for-ward in giving parents the ability to provide more opportunities and choices to pave the way to a better future for their children. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
responsible measure, and I thank Speaker B
OEHNER for bringing this leg-
islation to our floor. 
f 
BALANCED BUDGET PROPOSAL 
(Mr. CARNEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to bring responsible budgeting to our Nation’s Capitol. First of all, this means fund-ing the government every year without a shutdown, but also it means bal-ancing the budget. 
Since I have served in Congress, we 
have been consumed by fights over def-icit reduction and budget priorities. We have gone from crisis to crisis, never coming up with a long-term plan. After the crisis is over, nothing happens. 
Recently, I introduced a balanced 
budget amendment that would add dis-cipline to the budget process and re-quire the government to spend within its means. Balanced budget proposals are not new. But unlike most pro-posals, my amendment protects Social Security, enables long-term capital in-vestments, and ensures that we can re-spond to emergencies. 
In Delaware, like most States, the 
law requires the State to have a bal-anced budget. As Delaware Secretary of Finance, I helped make that happen. We should hold the Federal Govern-ment to the same standard. 
If the United States is going to con-
tinue to be the strongest economy in the world, we need to address our budg-et deficits now. I urge my colleagues to bring order and responsibility to our budget process by passing my amend-ment. 
f 
b1215 
NATIONAL DYSLEXIA AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, October 
is National Dyslexia Awareness Month. This is something that is very close to my family. My wife and I watched our daughter struggle to learn to read. She dreaded reading aloud in class, and worrying what her classmates thought affected her self-esteem. 
With hard work, our daughter was 
able to catch up and surpass many of her classmates. Over time, she discov-ered her strengths in math and science, which helped her increase her con-fidence. 
It wasn’t until high school that we 
found out she actually has dyslexia. This diagnosis has helped her under-stand how her brain works and realize that her difference gives her some ad-vantages. 
We are extremely proud of how hard 
she has worked to overcome these chal-lenges and not let them get in the way of her success. Mr. Speaker, it is im-portant that we bring awareness to dyslexia and educate our communities about the impact on families. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.013 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7039 October 21, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to recognize the importance of the forest products industry as we cele-brate National Forest Products Week. 
In my home State of New Hampshire, 
we have a rich tradition of supporting working forests and recognizing the ways in which our forests contribute to our State’s economic livelihood and the vitality of our rural communities. 
The forest products industry employs 
over 7,000 Granite Staters. These men and women proudly continue our State’s legacy of responsible forest stewardship. From timber production to biomass energy, our forests provide a wide range of sustainably sourced products that citizens and businesses rely on throughout our country. 
My district is home to both biomass 
power plants and wood pellet manufac-turing facilities that are important job creators in the renewable energy sec-tor, and I am proud to serve as co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Bio-mass Caucus. 
As part of our efforts to underscore 
the economic and environmental con-tributions to our Nation’s forests, we must rededicate ourselves to pre-serving these treasured lands for future generations to come. 
f 
NDAA VETO THREAT 
(Mr. STEWART asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I think 
this is absolutely nuts. Yesterday the House and the Senate sent the Presi-dent the National Defense Authoriza-tion bill requesting his signature, which he has now threatened to veto. 
I was an Air Force pilot for 14 years, 
and I sit on the House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. I un-derstand how critical it is that our military be prepared; and to be pre-pared, they have to be adequately fund-ed. 
Vetoing NDAA means that we simply 
don’t provide authorization for funding for our troops. It means we cut our military readiness. It means we can’t continue our fight against ISIS. It cuts such critical programs that protect us as our missile defense program. I just simply don’t understand it. 
The President doesn’t have any spe-
cific objections to this bill. It funds to the exact level that he has requested. By doing this, the President has ig-nored the primary responsibility that the Federal Government has to defend and protect the United States. 
I hope that the President will not fail 
in that responsibility. I hope he will sign this critically important bill. 
f 
WE MUST TAKE ACTION ON GUN 
VIOLENCE 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, today 
marks 3 weeks since the mass shooting at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg that cost nine innocent Americans their lives. As that tragedy fades from the headlines, the daily tragedy of gun violence in America drums on. 
Last week, in south Florida, Janel 
Hamilton was shot to death by her god-mother’s son while watching TV. She was 19 and dreamed of becoming a law-yer. 
Last weekend, in Chicago, a 3-year- 
old boy named Eian Santiago was shot to death by his 6-year-old brother. They were playing cops and robbers. 
Last night, in New York City, police 
officer Randolph Holder succumbed to a gunshot wound in the head. He was responding to gun violence in East Har-lem. 
In the last 96 hours alone, 91 Ameri-
cans have lost their lives to gun vio-lence. That is nearly 1 person killed by guns every hour in the United States. 
The American people expect us to 
take action. They expect us to stand up to those who fight to prevent us from taking action; yet, hour by hour goes by in this Congress without hearings, without debate, and without action. 
Mr. Speaker, I will be back next week 
and the week after that and the week after that. Gun violence won’t stop until this Congress takes action, and neither will I. 
f 
OUR MENTAL HEALTH SYSTEM 
(Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, our mental health system is abusive and neglectful to those with a serious mental illness. Worse yet, these policies disproportionately impact mi-norities and the poor. African Ameri-cans are 50 percent less likely to re-ceive psychiatric treatment. Out-patient mental health spending for Af-rican Americans is 40 percent lower. 
While there is an overall shortage of 
mental health professionals, only 3 per-cent of psychiatrists and 2 percent of psychologists are African American. The rate is similar for Latino mental health professionals and worse for Na-tive Americans. 
If you are a minority or low income 
and have a serious mental illness, you are more likely to end up in prison, where 80 percent of inmates don’t re-ceive any treatment. 
If you are low income, Medicaid 
makes it harder for you to access inpa-tient mental health treatment, won’t let you see two doctors on the same day, and says, you can’t take the medi-cations your doctor prescribed. 
Stop this discrimination. I ask Mem-
bers to cosponsor and pass the Helping Families of Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. People with serious mental illness can and do get better with help, 
but where there is no help, there is no hope. 
f 
IT IS TIME TO GET REAL ABOUT 
GUN VIOLENCE 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, it is time 
to get real about gun violence in Amer-ica. As the entrusted voices for mil-lions of Americans, we have a responsi-bility to address gun violence. In our schools, in our movie theaters, and even in our churches the threat is ever present. 
Most recently a dangerous individual 
went on the campus of a community college in Roseburg, Oregon, and opened fire, taking nine lives and in-juring seven. My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends as they mourn. 
Chris Mintz, a veteran from 
Randleman, North Carolina, was among those injured while rushing into the crossfire in an effort to defuse the situation. I am honored by his bravery, and I wish him a speedy and full recov-ery. 
From Newtown to Blacksburg, to Au-
rora, to Charleston, these senseless shootings are becoming far too com-mon. It is not just mass shootings that are bothersome because every day 88 people die because of gun violence. That is more than 30,000 Americans killed every year. 
How many lives must be lost before 
we say that now is the right time to pass commonsense legislation to keep guns out of the wrong hands? We can make a difference. We must, but we must take action now. 
f 
PREVENTABLE CHILD AND 
MATERNAL DEATHS 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in support of our children and salute the medical researchers and the pediatricians who are seeking to find cures for debilitating and prevent-able childhood diseases. 
The leadership of the U.S. is crucial 
in helping end many of these childhood and maternal deaths. That is why we have included specific provisions in 21st Century Cures for children. 
Cures bring benefits. Let me give you 
an example: polio. In 1988, the World Health Organization had a resolution to support the worldwide eradication of polio. Through the work of American researchers, private citizens, and Ro-tarians, polio vaccines have nearly eradicated this scourge worldwide. 
American leadership should continue 
to help end preventable childhood and maternal deaths. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.015 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7040 October 21, 2015 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FOREST 
PRODUCTS WEEK 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to recognize National Forest Prod-ucts Week and to acknowledge what an important role our forests play in all of our daily lives. 
The Second District of Florida is 
home to hundreds of thousands of acres of public and private forest lands. The Apalachicola National Forest alone is nearly 1,000 square miles. 
Just last week, I participated in a 
work day with the Nature Conservancy in the Apalachicola Forest to learn how responsible management can boost the economic and environmental value of forestland. 
I am proud that north Florida forests 
make such an important contribution to our country’s economy and our envi-ronment. We depend on wood for the structure of our homes, the paper we write on, and a million different things in between, but most significantly for the oxygen we breathe. 
f 
FOREST PRODUCTS WEEK 
RECOGNITION 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
also rise today in recognition of Na-tional Forest Products Week and the men and women across our country that work in this crucial industry. For-est products have been an integral part of the North American economy even before our States were united. 
From our beginnings, forest products 
built ships and were the main source of fuel. Through our industrialization, forest products became the foundation of our vast rail system and the media that fills our great libraries. Today so much of everything we get is shipped and contained in forest products. For-est products have always been the backbone of housing, a critical sector of our economy. 
Forest products are green, renewable, 
and sequester carbon. We have been prolific in perfecting our conversion technologies, developing new products, and growing more timber. In fact, we have more trees today in America than in 1900. 
To keep our forests healthy and our 
economy strong, we need to develop more markets at home and abroad for our forest products, and we need to commit more research to find cost-ef-fective ways to utilize our woody bio-mass, a vast, renewable, carbon-neutral fuel source. 
f 
IMPORTANT ISSUES THAT NEED 
FUNDING 
(Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, this 
month all of us know that we are ad-dressing the issue of breast cancer and cancer generally. I will proudly wear this label today for the number of peo-ple around our country and around the world that are suffering from cancer. 
On Monday, I participated at Nova 
Southeastern University with experts in genomics and studying this issue. I learned from them that only 8 percent of grants are made from the National Institutes of Health. That is an incred-ible resource for all of us, and we need to be about the business of increasing the National Institutes of Health’s op-portunities to go forward on breast cancer. 
The second part of my remarks this 
morning, Mr. Speaker, deals with air-port workers, specifically in Fort Lau-derdale and elsewhere. They are fight-ing for $15 an hour. These are the peo-ple that clean up the toilets at the air-port in Broward County. They are the people who carry the people on the air-plane with wheelchairs. We can at least afford $15 an hour for them. 
f 
b1230 
REAUTHORIZE THE NATIONAL 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
(Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight the potentially grave situation facing our Nation’s se-curity this week. 
Despite the National Defense Author-
ization Act garnering widespread bipar-tisan support in both Houses of Con-gress, President Obama has inexplicably threatened to veto it. Our soldiers and their families deserve bet-ter than an administration that plays politics with the pay for our troops and puts our national security on the line just to prove a political point. 
What I find most shocking is the 
President spent the last several months fighting to lift economic sanc-tions so that Iran’s terrorist army could receive billions in aid, and now he is planning to block funding for America’s military. This is unbeliev-able. Our soldiers deserve better. Our Nation deserves better. 
America is facing increased threats 
from around the globe. We have sol-diers fighting in Afghanistan. We have military families bravely continuing with their lives as their loved ones risk their lives for freedom. 
Not only do we need to fully fund our 
troops, but we need to show the world that, when it comes to our defense and national security, the United States stands as one strong, unified body. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time the President 
drops the partisan games and stands with our troops. It is time he signs the bill. WE ARE THE GREATEST NATION 
ON THE PLANET 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I feel 
compelled to take this opportunity to remind us how great we are as a coun-try, but also to remind ourselves that we are as great as we are as individuals collectively that make our country so great, a country where anyone can practice whatever faith they choose to practice. 
You can come to this country from 
whatever part of the world and start anew and perhaps reach heights that you could never dream of in other places. We still are the greatest nation on the planet. 
I am compelled to say these words 
because far too often I see, almost ev-erywhere I turn, where people want to leave this country. They talk about how we are not great and how we need to get back to greatness. 
We have never lost that greatness. I 
think it is really important for us to understand, as Members of Congress, that our responsibility is to guide this country and to legislate and to make decisions, but to always keep in mind those fundamental responsibilities that we have held true for so many hun-dreds of years in this country and that we are blessed to be the greatest nation on the planet. The only way that we can do that is if we take our personal responsibilities to heart and exercise that every single day. 
f 
SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL CHAMBER 
OF COMMERCE DAY 
(Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today on Support Your Local Chamber of Commerce Day. 
Livingston Parish is one of the fast-
est growing parishes in the State of Louisiana, and the chamber of com-merce appropriately—with the extraor-dinary growth of this parish, we have had a growth in the businesses, the mom-and-pop businesses, and the large industrial businesses as well. Appro-priately, the Livingston Parish Cham-ber of Commerce was recognized for the Louisiana State Chamber of the Year Award for the mid-size category by the Louisiana Association of Cham-ber of Commerce Executives. 
When you have a parish that grows at 
rapid rates, you have huge swells in population. You have all sorts of de-mands on infrastructure, but you have demands on the growth of the busi-nesses as well. Particularly, the Liv-ingston Parish Chamber of Commerce was recognized in the areas of business resource and representation, commu-nity alignment, organizational excel-lence, and professional development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.017 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7041 October 21, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, businesses like North 
Oaks Health System, Rouses Markets, Big Mike’s Sports Bar and Grill, and Ferrara Fire Apparatus are all busi-nesses that are members of the Cham-ber of Commerce. 
Congratulations to the 500 businesses 
that are members of the Livingston Parish Chamber of Commerce, to Wayne, April, and all the folks in Liv-ingston Parish. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
SIMPSON ) laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 21, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 21, 2015 at 9:14 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 322. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 323. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 324. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 558. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1442. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1884. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 3059. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 10, SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS RE-AUTHORIZATION ACT, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 692, DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 480 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 480 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to reau-thorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. The amendments recommended by the Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No further amend-ment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of in-terest and principal of the debt of the United States. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Reso-
lution 480 provides for consideration of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Reauthorization Act, and H.R. 692, the Default Preven-tion Act. 
These bills are important steps for-
ward on two issues of great importance to Americans: education and fiscal issues. 
H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Oppor-
tunity and Results Reauthorization Act, also known as the SOAR Reau-thorization Act, would continue impor-tant funding provided to help young students here in Washington, D.C., 
reach their full potential. This legisla-tion would provide $60 million annually for 5 years, split equally among the District’s public schools, charter schools, and the District of Columbia Opportunity Scholarship Program, which enables low-income students to attend a private school that would oth-erwise be out of their reach. 
Two amendments to the bill have 
been made in order for consideration, one by a Republican and another by a Democrat. 
I have great confidence that the 
SOAR Reauthorization Act is a posi-tive step for students in the District of Columbia and that, through its exam-ple, it will provide a model for success that could be adopted by States across the country. 
The rule also provides for consider-
ation of H.R. 692, the Default Preven-tion Act. As my colleagues are all aware, the Treasury Department has asserted that its ability to use extraor-dinary measures to avoid reaching the statutory debt limit will be exhausted in coming days, possibly by November 3. 
The legislation before us is a vital 
step to take default off the table, should extraordinary measures be ex-hausted, providing certainty to finan-cial markets and hardworking Ameri-cans that we will pay our debts and meet our obligations. 
The Default Prevention Act would 
authorize the Secretary of the Treas-ury to issue debt obligations necessary to continue making principal and in-terest payments on our debt, and would also ensure continued access to the funds in the Social Security trust fund necessary to pay Social Security bene-fits in full. 
Mr. Speaker, it is simply common 
sense that we permanently close out the possibility of default and give sen-iors and other Social Security bene-ficiaries confidence that they will con-tinue to receive the funds they rely on. 
We can protect the full faith and 
credit of the United States and ensure that our credit ratings and economy are not impacted by policy battles here in Congress over future spending poli-cies. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this rule 
and both of the underlying bills to my colleagues for their support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for yielding the cus-tomary 30 minutes to me for debate. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-
tion to this rule, which provides for consideration of both H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Reauthorization Act, and H.R. 692, the Default Prevention Act. Once again, we are playing grab bag rules, and I maintain that that is not the process of regular order. 
Each time I have the privilege of 
managing a rule which, with only four 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.018 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7042 October 21, 2015 
members of the minority on the com-
mittee, happens quite often, I find my-self in the same position: frustrated with my friends, the House Repub-licans’, complete disregard for regular order; their use of one rule to consider multiple unrelated pieces of legisla-tion; and, most significantly, disillu-sioned that, in a time when so much can and must be done for the American people, we continue to spend precious time with partisan, dead-on-arrival measures. 
H.R. 10 would reauthorize the Oppor-
tunity Scholarship Program through the years 2021. OSP is the only feder-ally created and funded elementary and secondary private school voucher pro-gram in the United States. 
Last night, my friend from Utah 
came forward and spoke, as is his re-sponsibility. And I would just ask him, do they have the same program in Bea-ver, Utah, or Centerville, Utah, or Altamont? 
I didn’t know they had an Altamont. 
I come from Altamonte Springs, Flor-ida. They spell it without the E. But they don’t have this voucher program that they are trying to foist on the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
The program, which awards need- 
based scholarships to children in the District of Columbia to attend a par-ticipating private school of their choice, was created in 2004 and last re-authorized in 2011. 
I would like to note from the outset 
that the current school voucher pro-gram is authorized through September 2016. That is almost a full year from now. Given the numerous pressing and time-sensitive matters facing this body, I can’t help but feel bewildered as to why we are rushing to reauthorize D.C. school vouchers, yet we continue to ignore our Nation’s crumbling infra-structure, income inequality, the need for jobs, immigration reform, the need for sensible gun control in the wake of mass shootings and countless other deaths at the instance of guns, particu-larly children, and our lack of a long- term budget. I continue to await a straight answer from my Republican colleagues and hope that we can get this question answered before today’s debate concludes. 
Now, I also want to make something 
clear. The members of the Washington, D.C. City Council have said that they do not want the D.C. voucher program to be reauthorized. 
b1245 
In a letter to the chairman of the 
House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the majority of the members of the D.C. Council ex-pressed their belief that ‘‘Federal funds should be invested in the existing pub-lic education system—both public schools and public charter schools— rather than being diverted to private schools.’’ 
They go on to describe past findings 
on vouchers, saying that ‘‘the evidence is clear that the use of vouchers has had no statistically significant impact 
on overall student achievement in math or reading, or for students from schools in need of improvement.’’ 
Despite this very clear letter, in 
what I can only describe as ‘‘typical Republican fashion,’’ this body is going full steam ahead in its efforts to im-pose its political will regardless. 
I remind those here today and watch-
ing at home that Washington, D.C., is a Federal district. Congress maintains the power to overturn laws approved by the D.C. Council, can vote to impose laws on D.C., and gets final approval of the D.C. Council’s budget. 
Washington, D.C.’s Delegate to the 
House of Representatives, my very good friend and a mentor to all of us not only on this issue, but countless others, Ms. E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON , 
who has served in this body for 24 years, is not permitted to vote on final passage of any legislation, let alone legislation directly intended to govern the jurisdiction which she was elected to serve. 
One might hope that Congress would 
consider the wishes of the representa-tives of Washington, D.C., and the nearly 660,000 residents of the District who are taxpayers without representa-tion. But, as we see today, that simply isn’t the case. 
Mr. Speaker, the underlying legisla-
tion would make significant changes to the way in which the program is evalu-ated, and that is a problem. 
In 2012, The Washington Post pub-
lished an article titled ‘‘Quality Con-trols Lacking for D.C. Schools Accept-ing Federal Vouchers.’’ The piece ex-amined some of the schools receiving vouchers. 
Among them were ‘‘a nondenomina-
tional Christian school’’ that ‘‘occupies a soot-stained storefront between a halal meat shop and an evening wear boutique.’’ The school consists of two classrooms, and ‘‘students travel near-ly 2 miles down Georgia Avenue to the city’s Emery Recreation Center’’ for gym class. 
Another school ‘‘follows a learning 
model known as ‘Suggestopedia,’ a phi-losophy of learning developed by a Bul-garian psychotherapist Georgi Lozanov that stresses learning through music, stretching, and meditation.’’ 
A third is described as ‘‘an accredited 
K–8 school supported by the Nation of Islam,’’ which ‘‘occupies the second floor of a former residence east of the Anacostia River.’’ The classrooms are described as being former bedrooms, and the only bathroom in the school was described as having ‘‘a floor black-ened with dirt and a sink coated in grime. The bathtub was filled with paint cans and cleaning supplies con-cealed by a curtain.’’ 
With descriptions like this of schools 
just a few miles away from this Cham-ber, I would like to think we would want more evaluations on these schools, not less. 
Moving on to H.R. 629, a very bogus 
bill that plans for the unprecedented default on the full faith and credit of 
the United States, this measure is a debt prioritization bill and one that elevates the payments of debts to bond-holders, including Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, and China, and they would be paid over the obligations to America’s troops, veterans, seniors, and students, as well as Medicare re-cipients. 
As Democratic members of the House 
Ways and Means Committee astutely put it: ‘‘Under this legislation, the ef-fect would be to pay China’’—and Japan and others—‘‘first, and some Americans not at all.’’ 
We have been down this road before. 
Indeed, the debt limit standoff and gov-ernment shutdown of 2013 cost an esti-mated 120,000 jobs and disrupted public and private credit markets so pro-foundly that the total estimated bor-rowing costs for the Federal Govern-ment, businesses, and homeowners dur-ing that crisis totaled approximately $70 million. Defaulting on our debt is simply not an option, and H.R. 629 is, as Treasury Secretary Jack Lew put it, ‘‘default by another name.’’ 
We cannot play this game. We need 
to be about the business of honoring our obligations. The last time we went down this road our debt rating was low-ered, and I suggest it may happen again. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). 
Mr. STEWART. I would like to thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, I come from a family of 
educators. My father taught me in fifth grade. My brother and sister are both teachers. My wife is a teacher. One of my sons recently spent 2 years doing Teach for America in an inner-city school before he started graduate school. 
Every weekend, it seemed, while he 
was teaching, we would hear stories and personal experiences of children who desperately needed help to get the education that they needed so they had any chance, any hope, of being success-ful in life. 
And, finally, I am also the father of 
six children. I understand in a deeply personal way how important it is that we teach our children and educate our children. 
This idea goes back to Jamestown, 
1609, where literally for the first time in the history of the world we made a commitment that we would educate all of our children, that every village, every town, every community would educate all of our children. That is what the SOAR program is about: giv-ing all of our children the opportunity to succeed. 
So let’s look at the program and see 
what it has accomplished. Since 2004, more than 6,000 children have had the opportunity to attend a private school of their choice. This has changed the trajectory of their lives. More than 90 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.020 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7043 October 21, 2015 
percent of them now graduate from 
high school, compared with 58 percent throughout the rest of Washington, D.C. Eighty-eight percent of them go on to a 2- or a 4-year university. Eighty-five percent of their parents ex-press satisfaction with this program. 
Why in the world would you want to 
take that away? How could you not support this program? How could you not want to give these children the op-portunity to succeed? Why in the world would you put the interests of unions and teachers above the interests of these children who desperately need our help? 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
this rule and to support the underlying legislation. Give these kids an oppor-tunity to succeed. That is all we are asking for. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, would 
the Chair be kind enough to tell me how much time remains for both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida has 20 minutes re-maining. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 25 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Let me respond to the gentleman 
from Utah who spoke of his family’s background and education. 
Firstly, my former wife, who is now 
deceased, taught school for 35 years, first and second grade. My son, who has his Ph.D., as my friend’s son is about the business of getting his graduate de-gree, worked in education, taught sixth grade for a number of years, and then recruited schoolteachers for Palm Beach County and Broward County in Florida. 
The question was why would we not 
want to educate every child, and the gentleman referenced a period in 1609 when we certainly were not educating every child. I went to school for the first time in 1941 to a school that was built by Julius Rosenwald, and I rec-ommend a documentary that is in the movies throughout the country now. Mr. Rosenwald, at the insistence of Booker T. Washington, built schools for Black children, 642 of them, in the South, where there were none. 
My mother didn’t have an oppor-
tunity to go to that school. Other peo-ple in my town never had an oppor-tunity to get an education, and you come here and you talk about why would we not want this education. 
If it is so good, then why isn’t it ev-
erywhere? And why are you picking on the District of Columbia? Perhaps someone who knows that very well will be able to tell us more than myself with my passion. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to 
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), my very good 
friend, a member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
from Florida for yielding and for his passion for our children. 
Mr. Speaker, the short answer to the 
gentleman who wants to know why would we want to take away vouchers 
from these children is that we don’t want to take vouchers away from these children. We want those who are cur-rently in the program to maintain their voucher until they graduate. 
But I should caution Members on 
both sides about voting for $100 million for a private school voucher program for a District that didn’t ask for it while the Republican majority has pending a $2 billion cut for K–12 edu-cation for kids in their own districts. 
The irony is that, when Newt Ging-
rich was Speaker, he first proposed pri-vate school vouchers, but as conserv-ative as he was, he worked with me on a home rule public charter school al-ternative. The D.C. Council had voted 
for charter schools, but there were only two or three fledgling schools and char-ters weren’t going anywhere. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, there are 115 
public charter schools in the District, and the reason is that, with my sup-port, Speaker Gingrich placed H.R. 3019 in the 1995–1996 omnibus legislation es-tablishing the D.C. public charter school board. 
Today almost half of D.C. students go 
to publicly accountable charter schools, and most of these schools have long waiting lists. That, my friend, is what choice looks like. 
Another speaker has now stepped for-
ward with a private school voucher program to be authorized for the third time today, although the evaluation that Congress mandated definitively shows that the program failed to meet its stated goal to help children im-prove. 
b1300 
Vouchers did not improve math or 
reading scores for the children from low-income neighborhoods in this pro-gram, and that was the reason for the bill in the first place. 
In light of that failure, I offered a 
compromise, and the President sup-ports it. All of the students in the cur-rent voucher program would remain until graduation, but no new students would be funded. That would mean years of private school vouchers, but only in the District of Columbia, be-cause this Congress has just voted down similar private school vouchers for the Nation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. NORTON. That, my friends, is 
what compromise looks like: first, phe-nomenal growth of public charter schools, which are supported by both Congressional Republicans and Demo-crats; second, allowing all current stu-dents to remain in private voucher schools until graduation. If more com-promises like this were on the floor, the majority would not be divided into multiple factions that have nothing to show for years of leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, it is a big 
surprise to see a member of the minor-ity opposing the provision of additional education funding to low-income stu-dents. 
My colleague earlier mentioned that 
some members of the D.C. Council op-pose H.R. 10. I would like to bring it to the attention of the House that D.C. Councilwoman Anita Bonds has asked that her name be removed from that letter, saying: ‘‘I am hopeful that many more of our neediest families have the opportunity to take advan-tage of the program.’’ She knows that students in public, charter, and private schools all benefit equally from this legislation, and I welcome her support. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield 5 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I want to thank the Rules Committee for reporting H.R. 692 to the floor. 
This Nation now staggers under more 
than $18 trillion of debt, nearly a $7.5 trillion run up by this administration alone. The interest on that debt is one of the fastest growing components of the Federal budget. If there is ever any doubt over the security and reliability of the debt owed by this government, the interest rates that lenders charge us would quickly rise and overwhelm us. 
Now, the Democrats say, well, just 
raise the debt limit, and, of course, we realize in this era of chronic deficit spending—establishing new records under this administration—that we have to do so. Congress alone has the power to incur debt, and the debt limit is the method by which we discharge our responsibility; but when we do so, it is also Congress’ responsibility to re-view and revise the policies that are driving that debt. 
The fundamental problem under both 
Democratic and Republican Congresses is that this process is fraught with con-troversy. The bigger the debt, the big-ger the controversy; and the bigger the controversy, the more likely that cred-it markets are to demand higher inter-est payments to meet their greater risk. Given the size of our debt, that could produce an interest tidal wave that could sink our budget and our Na-tion along with it. 
The Default Prevention Act simply 
provides that, if the debt limit is reached, the Treasury Secretary may continue to borrow above that limit for the sole purpose of paying principal and interest that is due. It is an abso-lute guarantee that the debt of the United States will be honored. 
Most States have various laws to 
guarantee payment of their debts. In fact, a few years ago, Ben Bernanke praised these State provisions for maintaining confidence in their bonds. It amazes me that we can’t all agree on this simple principle: that we should guarantee the loans made to the Fed-eral Government. That is all this bill does. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.022 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7044 October 21, 2015 
Yet we have heard opposition from 
the other side, and they basically make two charges. One is that this pays for-eign governments first while shorting our troops. We just heard that from the gentleman from Florida. Well, what xenophobic nonsense. The fact is most of our debt is held by Americans— often, in pension funds—so it protects Americans far more than foreign gov-ernments. 
But they miss the main point. It is 
the Nation’s credit that makes it pos-sible to meet all of our other obliga-tions. When you are living off your credit card, as our Nation is at the mo-ment, you had better make your min-imum payment first or you won’t be able to pay all of your other bills. 
In the veto threat, the President lev-
eled the other charges we heard from the gentleman from Florida, that it is just an excuse for not paying our other bills. Well, do they actually believe that these other States that have guar-anteed their sovereign debts for gen-erations have ever used these guaran-tees as an excuse not to pay their other bills? On the contrary, by providing clear and unambiguous mandates to protect their credit first, they actually support and maintain their ability to pay for all of their other obligations. 
So let me be crystal clear: delaying 
payment on any of our obligations would be unprecedented and dangerous. There is one thing, though, that could do even more damage than delaying payment on our other bills, and that is the mere threat of a default on our sov-ereign debt. This measure takes that threat off the table, and it ensures credit markets that their investments in the United States are as certain as anything can be in life. 
A few years ago, Senator Barack 
Obama vigorously and forcefully op-posed a debt limit sought by the Bush administration. He said it was a failure of leadership. Well, I have never equat-ed Senator Obama’s opposition to the debt limit increase as anything other than a principled and well-placed con-cern over the proper management of our finances. It is sad that he cannot give the opposition the same courtesy. 
Mr. Speaker, we may disagree over 
the appropriate role of Congress in ad-justing the debt limit, but at least can’t we all agree that during these disputes the sovereign debt of the United States is never in doubt? That is all that this bill says; that is all that this bill does. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this rule and proceed with consider-ation of the bill. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from 
California referred to my comments as ‘‘xenophobic nonsense.’’ I firmly dis-agree. It kind of gives xenophobia a new meaning. I merely pointed out that a large portion of our debt is held by other countries and that the legisla-tion that he supports proposes to pay them before 80 million obligations that the Treasury Department has. Mr. Speaker, Congress has only 8 leg-
islative days left to protect the full faith and credit of the United States. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule and bring up legislation that would allow—and I would ask the gen-tleman from California if he would sup-port this—a clean extension of the debt ceiling. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) 
to discuss our proposal. My friend from Vermont is a distinguished gentleman and a former Member of the Rules Committee. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. Raising 
the debt ceiling has absolutely nothing to do at all with increasing govern-ment spending. It only has to do with whether America will pay its bills for obligations already incurred. 
Many of those obligations, by the 
way, are for expenditures that I vigor-ously opposed: trillions of dollars on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, un-paid for, and trillions of dollars in tax cuts for the very wealthy that are un-paid for. 
But the United States of America, in 
good times and bad, through Repub-
lican Presidents and Democratic Presi-dents, in Republican-led and Demo-cratic-led Congresses, has always paid its bills—always. We have done it for two reasons. 
First, it is the right thing to do. A 
promise made is a promise kept. An ob-ligation incurred is an obligation hon-ored. Mr. Speaker, a confident nation keeps its word. A confident nation pays its bills, not some of them. It pays all of them. 
Second, running from our creditors, 
stiffing them, picking and choosing whom to pay among them is as fiscally reckless as it is dishonorable. This new theory that America can actually con-sider it feasible as an option to default is extremely dangerous and very cost-ly. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2011, when this tactic 
was first seriously considered and we came on the brink of default, it cost U.S. taxpayers $19 billion in unneces-sary interest charges. That is $19 bil-lion that could have been used to fix our highways or invest in scientific re-search, or it is $19 billion that your side might have preferred for tax cuts, or we could have split it. But that would have been half for tax cuts and half for investment. Yet we squandered that at the expense of the American taxpayer. 
The use of the debt ceiling as a tactic 
to get your way on another issue is playing financial Russian roulette with 
America’s credibility, with the well- being of the American taxpayer and the full faith and credit of the United States of America to meet all its obli-gations. We have maintained that bond with ourselves and our creditors for over 200 years, and this bill asks us to abandon it now. 
How can it be that the party of Ron-
ald Reagan can propose this legisla-tion? It was Ronald Reagan who said that denigration of the full faith and credit of the United States would have substantial effects on the domestic fi-nancial markets and the value of the dollar. He is right. 
How can it be the party of P
AUL 
RYAN? The chair of our Ways and 
Means Committee said that just refus-ing to vote for the debt ceiling, I don’t think that is a strategy. 
Will the debt ceiling be raised? Does 
it have to be raised? Yes. Reagan was right then, and P
AUL RYAN is right 
now. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to point out 
something that the proponents of this legislation would prefer to keep in the dark. The entire reason the debt ceil-ing must be raised now is to accommo-date the budget that they passed over my strong objection on March 25, 2015. The Price budget, supported by 228 Re-publicans and opposed by 182 Demo-crats, projected an increase of our debt limit of nearly $2 trillion. Today that bill has become due, and the folks who supported that budget are running for the hills on acting on the debt ceiling that is required to accommodate the budget that they passed. 
Mr. Speaker, this House now, as a re-
sult of the will of the American people, is led by a Republican majority. It is a majority that we in the minority have an obligation to do our best to work with. However, it is a majority that is raising questions that have never been raised before. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, they are 
using debt default and government shutdown as a tactic to get their way on an issue of concern to some of them. I admire Speaker B
OEHNER that he put 
the country first and he put the House first in not letting this government be shut down over a real dispute on Planned Parenthood funding. But we have got to get past this, and the Re-publican majority has to make a deci-sion whether it is going to govern or it is going to empower those who believe that default and shutdown are legiti-mate tactics to resolve legitimate de-bates that we have among us. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot now—we can-
not ever—default on our obligations and our commitment to the American taxpayer to be fiscally responsible by paying our bills. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.023 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7045 October 21, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 10, but I want-ed to clarify some of the debate that has been going on with my friend oppo-site, the gentleman from Florida. 
Many of the concerns that he has 
raised have been addressed in our Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. Specifically, I put forth an amendment that required strong eval-uations that would evaluate the schol-arship program. Additionally, the com-mittee passed an amendment to ensure not only strong accreditation stand-ards as well, but equally important is the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. I have made a personal com-mitment to her to work on making sure that we have proper account-ability with regard to this scholarship program. None of us wants to be loose with the American taxpayer dollars. 
I want to also stress that this pro-
gram does not decrease funding for D.C. public schools or charter schools. Indeed it is an addition to that appro-priation. But it really comes down this, Mr. Speaker: it is the students that have benefited from this particular program. 
I was part of a hearing that was held 
at Archbishop Carroll High School. When you look into the faces of those students that were given an oppor-tunity with a scholarship to not have to go to the school because of where they live but they got a scholarship to be able to go to a private school, you look into their faces and you hear the stories of just how it has affected their families and given them hope, Mr. Speaker, it is one of those things that I think that we have to find a bipar-tisan solution to identify the problem areas, perhaps, that need to be ad-dressed, but to also come alongside those parents, both fathers and moth-ers, who were there in the hearing who were applauding the successes of their children. 
b1315 
It is with great pride that I strongly 
support H.R. 10. I encourage my col-leagues opposite to do the same. I am committed to working through some of those issues that they have addressed. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, at this time, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I am pleased to support this rule be-
cause of the underlying bill that is there. 
Normally, the 10th Amendment says 
that education is delegated to the States. So I would be opposing any-thing this body does on education, ex-cept the Constitution also grants Con-gress the jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. 
When there is a program that is a 
success—and this has been a success—a study by the Department of Education concluded that this D.C. Opportunity Scholarship significantly improves stu-
dents’ chances of graduating from high school. 
I spent 28 years as a high school 
teacher. In that time, I saw all sorts of wonder programs being mandated from the Federal level and the State level. The most common expression of all teachers is ‘‘This too shall pass.’’ 
But the one thing that was never 
mandated to us was the concept of free-dom, allowing teachers to teach their specialties, allowing parents the abil-ity of having a choice on where they sent their kids. Choice is a powerful tool. 
When I was in the State legislature, 
I had a bill that dealt with compulsory attendance. I had a PTA mother that came up to me once and said, ‘‘I hate you and I hate your bill because, when my 17-year-old doesn’t want to go to school in the morning, I want to be able to look at him and say, ‘You have to go to school. It is the law.’’’ And I thought: Thanks a lot. That is the exact attitude I want to have from a high school junior in my class when he shows up. 
You see, when kids are forced to be 
where they choose not to be, they are unsatisfied jerks. But kids, knowing they had a choice, they would now at-tend in a positive attitude, even if it was the same school. 
That is what this bill tries to do. We 
trust choice in all sorts of behaviors. We give people choices in food, in our homes, in our energy, and all the ne-cessities of life. So why do we limit freedom and choice in something as important as education? 
Ronald Reagan once said: ‘‘Our lead-
ers must remember that education doesn’t begin with some isolated bu-reaucrat in Washington. It doesn’t even begin with State or local officials. Edu-cation begins in the home, where it’s a parental right and responsibility. Both our public and our private schools exist to aid our families in the instruction of our children, and it’s time some people back in Washington stopped acting as if family wishes were only getting in the way.’’ 
I applaud Speaker B
OEHNER for this 
bill. Speaker B OEHNER , when it comes 
to kids, clearly gets it, and he has been an advocate on their behalf. Kids be-long to the parents, not to an educator, not to a legislator, not to a special in-terest group. 
It is time we start trusting parents 
and individuals, which is why I urge support of this rule that will bring this bill, a good bill, to the floor for us to support as well. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN ). 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I rise in support of the rule and urge 
specific passage of H.R. 10, the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Re-
authorization Act. 
Over 10 years ago Congress took ac-
tion to give the children of the District a hand-up through access to a quality education by creating the D.C. Oppor-tunity Scholarship program. I was heavily involved at that time, as a Member of the House Appropriations Committee that oversaw the District’s budget, and our committee provided the initial funds. 
The program was the first and only 
initiative in America where the Fed-eral Government provides low-income families with funds to send their chil-dren where they will have a chance to thrive—private or parochial schools— because, in some cases, some D.C. schools were not providing that oppor-tunity. That is not all schools, but some schools. 
We all know the story of some Dis-
trict of Columbia public schools—low graduation rates, high dropout rates, low math and reading scores—that need to do better. We can all agree that all children in the District deserve a first-class education and the lifelong benefits that come from that edu-cation, whether it be public, private, parochial, or charter. 
The bill before us today will reau-
thorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholar-ship program for 5 years. By the way, the program is a huge success. Last year over 3,600 students submitted ap-plications and the program enrolled nearly 1,500 students. 
Through these scholarships, District 
children have flourished. In 2014, 88 per-cent of high school graduates who were enrolled in the D.C. Opportunity Schol-arship program enrolled in 2- or 4-year colleges, a very high mark. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress should listen 
to the voices of parents, as we did 10 years ago, who want their children to succeed, and we should continue to work to ensure that the program not only survives, but that it grows. 
I commend Speaker B
OEHNER for all 
his years of leadership on behalf of the children of Washington not only in terms of his support for this legisla-tion, but many things he does as a pri-vate citizen. 
I urge my colleagues to join in sup-
port of the rule and this legislation. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We should be working together to en-
sure that all children have the oppor-tunity to receive a quality education and taking action to guarantee that the United States pays all of its bills on time and in full. Neither of these bills accomplish those vitally nec-essary goals for this great country. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ 
and defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
These are crucial bills. They make 
significant progress on two important issues: addressing our fiscal crisis in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.024 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7046 October 21, 2015 
responsible manner and the education 
of our next generation. 
We cannot squander the incredible 
wealth this country has built over dec-ades of hard work by the American people. The full faith and credit of the United States is not ours here, as Mem-bers of Congress. It is theirs, the Amer-ican people. We are the reserve cur-rency because individuals across the world look to us for prudent fiscal choices and rock-steady resolve in our principles and integrity. 
There are few debates more conten-
tious in this body than those over spending levels or the leverage points that our system provides to exert con-trol over those levels. 
The Default Prevention Act would 
enable us to continue to fight tooth and nail over the right direction for our country’s finances while giving Americans and financial markets cer-tainty that they can remain confident in the Federal Government meeting its obligations. 
We can and should stay up late at 
night and have passionate debates in this Chamber over how to address man-datory spending, but we shouldn’t allow retired and disabled Americans to stay up late at night because they fear their Social Security checks won’t arrive. 
The Default Prevention Act is com-
monsense legislation to remove catas-trophe as a possibility by enabling the Secretary of the Treasury to issue debt necessary to make principal and inter-est payments on the national debt and pay Social Security benefits in full. It is the right first step in beginning a conversation about how to construc-tively address our immense fiscal chal-lenges. 
If we don’t address those challenges, 
we will be unable to provide for other important programs, such as the Schol-arships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, or SOAR Reau-thorization Act, which this resolution provides for consideration of as well. 
As any parent knows, the education 
of our children is one of our highest priorities. For far too long children in Washington, D.C., have not received the education they deserve, but have suffered from unacceptable achieve-ment levels in graduation rates. 
The SOAR Reauthorization Act con-
tinues a successful three-sector ap-proach to improving the lives and edu-cational outcomes of low-income stu-dents in the District. It provides $60 million in funding for students, split equally among D.C. public schools, charter schools, and scholarships for students to attend private schools that would otherwise be out of reach. 
Students receiving private school 
education have demonstrated higher test scores and significantly higher graduation rates, showcasing the im-portance of continuing students access to these institutions. 
These programs are an important ex-
ample of the need for innovation and experimentation in how to best reform our educational system to benefit stu-
dents, not entrenched interests. 
It has been an honor for me to per-
sonally witness some of the students who have benefited from the programs included in the SOAR Reauthorization Act. After seeing the hope for the fu-ture these students have in their eyes, I cannot fathom preventing other stu-dents from receiving their own second chances. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe both of these 
underlying bills are positive steps for-ward on issues of great import to our Nation, and I commend them and this rule providing for their consideration to all of my colleagues for their sup-port. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak in opposition to the Rule and the under-lying bill H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
H.R. 10 would reauthorize the District of Co-
lumbia private school voucher program, the Opportunity Scholarship Program (OSP), for five years through 2021. 
In 2004, Congress established OSP, the 
first and only federally created or funded ele-mentary and secondary private school voucher program in the United States. 
In 2011, Congress reauthorized OSP 
through fiscal year 2016 in the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (SOAR Act). 
Under the SOAR Act, DC households with 
incomes that do not exceed 185 percent of the poverty line may receive an annual maximum voucher payment per student of $8,000 for grades K–8 and $12,000 for grades 9–12. 
In addition, H.R. 10 makes a significant 
change to the evaluation of OSP’s effective-ness. 
The bill prohibits a control study group in 
making evaluations of the OSP and requires a less rigorous ‘‘quasi-experimental research de-sign’’ than under the SOAR Act. 
Since 2004, almost $190 million has been 
spent on DC voucher schools. That is money that could have been spent on District public schools, which serve all students. 
Instead of working on longer term solutions, 
such as reauthorizing ESEA, or working on job creation, the Majority is pushing its own edu-cation priorities on a local jurisdiction through this misguided legislation. 
This bill pursues the wrong course by doing 
the following: 
The voucher program is the latest Repub-
lican attack on the District of Columbia’s right to self-government. 
The local District government did not re-
quest this reauthorization nor did its only member of Congress, Del. E
LEANOR HOLMES  
NORTON . 
If the District wants to establish a voucher 
program, it has the authority to do so. 
Republicans have already tried to overturn 
DC’s gun, marijuana, abortion, needle ex-change, and non-discrimination laws. 
They have also threatened DC’s mayor with 
jail time over the city’s marijuana law. Now they want to write education law in DC. 
The bill would authorize the use of federal 
funds to pay for private school tuition in the District of Columbia, despite overwhelming evidence that the program, first authorized in 2004, has failed to improve student academic achievement, as measured by math and read-ing scores—including among the students the program was designed to most benefit, those 
from low-performing public schools. 
Despite having numerous states vote down 
efforts to implement private school voucher programs; Republicans continue to use the District of Columbia as a testing ground for their own agenda. 
The bill does not recognize that 44 percent 
of DC public school students attend charter schools, and 75 percent of DC public school students attend out-of-boundary public schools. 
Unlike private schools, traditional public and 
charter schools are publicly accountable and subject to all civil rights laws. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in voting against this rule and the under-lying bill. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 480 O FFERED BY  
MR. HASTINGS OF FLORIDA  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3737) to responsibly pay our Nation’s bills on time by tempo-rarily extending the public debt limit, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 3737. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.026 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7047 October 21, 2015 
control of the resolution to the opposition’’ 
in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 
of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1937, NATIONAL STRA-TEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 481 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 481 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing com-petitiveness. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the good gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. 
b1330 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, just yesterday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for House Resolution 481, providing for the consideration of an important piece of legislation—H.R. 1937, the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Pro-duction Act of 2015. 
This rule provides for the consider-
ation of H.R. 1937 under a structured rule, with five amendments made in order, four of which, I might point out, 
were offered by Democratic Members of this body. Therefore, this rule provides for a balanced, deliberative, and open debate if we focus our remarks on the merits of the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act and don’t go off on unnecessary tangents. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support 
both House Resolution 481 and the un-derlying bill, H.R. 1937. I would like to congratulate the gentleman from Ne-vada (Mr. A
MODEI ) for sponsoring this 
legislation, and I would also like to thank the gentleman from Utah, Chair-man R
OBBISHOP , for his leadership on 
this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule will allow us 
to consider the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act, an important bill that will streamline our country’s mine permitting processes to remove unnecessary and burdensome bureaucratic hurdles, which can delay some mining activities and projects by up to a decade—10 years—which is an outrageous amount of time that is in-
dicative of the problem we seek to ad-dress here today. 
The permitting system the Federal 
Government currently uses to provide for the extraction of rare earth min-erals in the U.S. is outdated, unproduc-tive, and, more often than not, hinders our ability to extract these critical re-sources. This red tape has a dev-astating impact on communities across the country and in the West, particu-larly, that rely on the ability to obtain and develop these minerals for eco-nomic growth and our Nation’s secu-rity. 
Our country is blessed with a myriad 
of rare earth minerals that are increas-ingly used to manufacture high-tech equipment as well as many other ev-eryday applications and products. Many countries around the world are already working to improve their infra-structure, providing the United States with an exceptional opportunity to play a major role in the growing min-erals marketplace by supplying foreign countries and businesses, as well as do-mestic companies, with the resources necessary to remain competitive in the international economy. However, a lack of communication between local, State, and Federal permitting agencies exists, and it creates a bureaucratic backlog of applications that delays mining activity by approximately, like I said, 7 to 10 years, which, if not ad-dressed, will impede the ability of U.S. mineral companies to increase their share of the global marketplace. 
Mr. Speaker, due to onerous govern-
ment red tape, the frivolous lawsuits that result, and a burdensome permit-ting process, good-paying jobs in the United States mining industry have moved overseas and have put domestic manufacturing jobs at the mercy of our foreign competitors. H.R. 1937 would fix 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.005 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7048 October 21, 2015 
our outdated and uncertain bureau-
cratic permitting system, which nega-tively impacts investment in our econ-omy by discouraging domestic compa-nies from extracting and developing these critical minerals. 
This is especially unfortunate given 
that we have only begun to scratch the surface of what we can potentially de-velop from our abundant natural re-sources, which have played such a crit-ical role in making the U.S. a leading world economy and industrial power. Our Nation has vast energy potential from sources such as coal, oil shale, and natural gas, as well as numerous critical minerals that we should be de-veloping. Yet the development of our domestic minerals resources has been obstructed time and time again under this administration, which, unfortu-nately, places the political goals of special interests over the welfare and well-being of hardworking Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, simply put, the Federal 
Government should promote invest-ments in the U.S. and in American companies by creating a regulatory framework that encourages the safe de-velopment of domestic resources. If we are going to address the growing min-eral trade imbalance—with more U.S. mining jobs moving overseas and high-er energy and commodity prices here at home—we must first put a stop to the bureaucratic delays that are at the root of the problem. 
This legislation does just that by 
telling Federal agencies to make a de-cision about whether a project should move forward or not—a simple ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’—and do it in a timely manner. Give people certainty. We have stream-lined and improved this process for other domestic industries, and it is now time to do it for our rare earth minerals sector, which is responsible for some of the highest paying middle class jobs across the country. It is il-logical and irrational that red tape and delayed permit approvals can lead to 10 years of deliberation over whether or not to approve a mining permit or project. Actually, it borders on insan-ity. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straight-
forward rule, allowing for the consider-ation of an important piece of legisla-tion that will provide the U.S. with a unique opportunity to tap into the growing global marketplace for rare earth minerals by supplying both for-eign and domestic companies with the resources they need to remain competi-tive. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the rule’s 
adoption, and I urge my colleagues to support both the rule and the under-lying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding 
me the customary 30 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule and the underlying bill—the so-called Strategic and Critical Min-erals Production Act. My colleague from Washington men-
tioned what is not being discussed here today. Again, to be clear, it feels like we are at Groundhog Day here. We have 8 legislative days until we hit the debt limit and default on our Nation’s debt. In 6 legislative days, the Federal transportation authorization will ex-pire. In 22 legislative days, we will be on the brink of yet another govern-ment shutdown. To a certain extent, I feel like we are fiddling while Rome burns. Here we are, talking about an issue which, I am sure, deserves its day in the Sun. I will talk about some of the deficiencies in this bill, but we are tackling a recycled bill that in similar form has already passed this body and that doesn’t address any of these ur-gent deadline items that we are actu-ally facing. 
In fact, as I travel across my district 
in Colorado, I don’t hear a lot of my constituents crying out for access to sand and clay. I do hear them saying, ‘‘Don’t default on the national debt.’’ ‘‘Do something about the budget.’’ ‘‘Make sure that we prevent another government shutdown.’’ Yet all of those deadlines are looming while we are fiddling here with other bills that aren’t going anywhere and aren’t be-coming law and have already passed this body in similar form. So, for the fourth time in three Congresses, we are going to consider a nearly identical measure that the Republicans have brought to the floor despite the Sen-ate’s unwillingness to pick it up and the President’s opposition. 
The so-called Strategic and Critical 
Minerals Production Act promotes in-dustry interests over the American people’s health and welfare. The big-gest conceptual problem with it is the definition that it gives of ‘‘strategic and critical minerals.’’ The bill not only expands the mining companies’ ability to mine on public lands for min-erals like gold and copper, but also ma-terials that one would think, by no stretch of common sense, are rare, like sand and clay. 
If we include sand from the beach or 
from my kids’ sandbox as a mineral of critical development and if we include the gravel from my driveway as a min-eral of critical development, I am not sure what we are excluding. I think this applies to almost everything. In fact, I am not even sure how we are even saying the term ‘‘critical and strategic’’ can even apply here when we are talking about sand and gravel and some of the most common natural re-sources that we have. 
This bill permits nearly all mining 
operations to circumvent the impor-tant public health and environmental review processes that are required under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act. 
Instead of maintaining a reasonable 
threshold to ensure that we focus on resources and developing resources that are actually critical for our de-fense or for our economy, this bill ex-pands our definition of ‘‘strategic and critical,’’ effectively making it worth-
less. By including everything and by saying everything is strategic and crit-ical, you are effectively saying that nothing is strategic and critical. That is what this bill does while we are 8 days from hitting the debt limit, while we are 6 days from expiring on the Fed-eral transportation authorization. 
By the way, I have to talk about how 
these ‘‘days’’ work because we are 8 days from the debt limit and 6 days from the transportation authorization. Those aren’t real days that Americans know. That is because the Republicans always send this Congress on vacation nearly every week. So it might be 6 legislative days. I think it is, actually, 15 or 20 days, but Congress isn’t work-ing for most of those. While these dead-lines tick, Members of Congress are ac-tually at home most of the time be-cause the Republican leadership won’t let us work. They won’t let us come here. They are adjourning the session. That is why, when something is 20 days off, we are sounding alarm bells, saying it is 6 days off—because they are only letting us work 6 of those 20 days. I would be happy to show up for the other 14, Mr. Speaker, but you wouldn’t be here to gavel us into session. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, a point of 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. POLIS. What would happen if I 
showed up and you were not here to gavel us down into session? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not respond to a hypo-thetical question. 
Mr. POLIS. Maybe we will just have 
to try that sometime when we are 2 or 3 days from the expiration of our trans-portation funding or from defaulting on our national debt. I will be happy to come here to an empty Chamber. 
I recall one time, Mr. Speaker, when 
you and the Republican majority acci-dentally left the cameras on, and our Democratic whip, S
TENY HOYER , was on 
the floor, demanding why we couldn’t bring up a bill. Maybe, if I am here and if you are not here, Mr. Speaker, we can get those C–SPAN cameras turned on when we are 2 or 3 days from a dead-line so that the American people un-derstand this funny math, where some-how 20 days is only 6 legislative days because you don’t let us work the other 14, when hardworking Americans have to go to work every day to support their families. 
This bill’s impacts are far reaching. 
As drafted, it makes the term ‘‘critical and strategic’’ meaningless. The legis-lation would increase the pollution of our water resources for States dealing with extreme drought conditions and deadly blazes. The last thing we need is to jeopardize our already scarce sources of water. We can’t afford to do any more harm to the quality of our limited water supplies and to risk the jobs that are created across the West 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.030 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7049 October 21, 2015 
through outdoor recreation, leisure, 
and agriculture. 
Why the House Republicans see a 
need for legislation to further promote mining interests at the expense of pub-lic health continues to be mystifying. The industry already has free rein to extract mineral resources. Under the antiquated 1872 mining law, Federal land managers are actually barred from denying hard rock mining pro-posals. The Bureau of Land Manage-ment and the Forest Service have al-most never denied a large mining proc-ess. Why exempt them further from all environmental review for sand and gravel, which aren’t even rare ele-ments? 
This bill fails to update the anti-
quated legal framework. It fails to ad-dress the reforms needed. It fails to protect our environment. It doesn’t change the fact that mining companies currently enjoy—guess what, Mr. Speaker. What do you think—a 3 per-cent royalty rate? What do they pay— a 2 percent royalty rate? Do they pay a 1 percent royalty rate? No. They pay a zero percent royalty rate on Federal land. This bill fails to address that. It doesn’t change the fact that mining companies have left an estimated half a million mines. That is nearly one for every person in my district, Mr. Speak-er. Half a million mines all across the country have been abandoned, most of which are in dire need of cleanup or restoration, which this bill fails to ad-dress. 
I had the opportunity to introduce a 
bill with Ranking Member G
RIJALVA  
earlier this year that would have ad-dressed many of these ongoing failures in mining accountability, but it hasn’t been brought up before the committee. Instead, legislation like this, the so- called Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act, is rocketed to the floor even though it has passed four times in the last three sessions. 
Instead of confronting real chal-
lenges facing our economy, facing American families, we continue to line the pockets of the mining industry, which already has one of the fattest profit margins of any, while risking the health of the American people and ex-ploiting our natural resources without adequate return and royalties to the taxpayers, who own our public lands. 
I oppose the rule and the underlying 
bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1345 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-
vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up legislation that would permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The Land and Water Conservation Fund supports the protection of public 
lands and waters, such as natural parks, forests, and recreation areas. 
Many conservation organizations 
from my district and nationally have been in to meet with me on this impor-tant topic, and I know they have reached out to other Members on the Hill as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the Stra-
tegic and Critical Minerals Production Act—again, it is hard to say that name with a straight face when they are de-fining strategic and critical minerals in such a broad way that it involves ba-sically the dirt under our feet, the sand under our feet, the gravel in our drive. When you define something like that and try to mean everything, you wind up meaning nothing. 
Rather than actually doing some-
thing to protect minerals that are crit-ical for our defense, for our economy, this bill waters that down by expand-ing this access to sand and dirt and gravel, maximizing mining companies’ profits at the expense of our health, our water, our land, and our natural re-sources. 
Furthermore, the underlying bill 
would damage our economy by placing the use of the mining industry above the many other important economic uses of our public lands. I will give you some examples. How about hunting? angling? hiking? biking? These are the economic drivers in my district, Mr. Speaker. 
If we didn’t have an environmental 
review process and large gravel pits and silver mines were put in place with wild abandon, we would lose jobs. We would lose most jobs in Eagle and Sum-mit Counties which relate to the tour-ism industry. The beautiful, pristine, outdoor public lands that attract visi-tors from across the country—probably from your district, Mr. Speaker—Vail, Breckenridge, Winter Park, and Rocky Mountain National Park, we would love to have you; but you better come quickly before this bill becomes law, because there won’t be much to see if it does. 
When visiting my constituents in 
Colorado this summer, expanding min-ing access was not one of the issues that they brought up. In fact, they asked me to ensure that mining compa-nies are held accountable to greater levels of accountability and trans-parency. They asked me to develop en-vironmental safeguards to make sure that disasters and tragedies don’t occur and that abandoned mines are cleaned up and that our extraction in-dustry can be done in a thoughtful way, and to make sure it doesn’t de-stroy jobs by conflicting with other higher and better economic uses of 
some parcels of public land. 
Look, Members on both sides of the 
aisle support the development of rare earth and critical mineral policy. There is no disagreement about that. I would be happy to work with my col-league, Mr. Speaker, from Washington State and others on putting together a commonsense bill that defines rare earth and critical minerals in a com-monsense way. Not the dirt beneath our feet, not the sand in my kid’s sand-box, but in a commonsense way where we look at the needs of industry, our supply, we define it, and we come up with a targeted access plan, including access to our public lands in appro-priate ways, that is expedited for na-tional priority items. That is not what this bill does. 
We could work together, Mr. Speak-
er. And this body needs to work to-gether, not just on this bill, but to avoid defaulting on our national debt, to continue to fund our highways and infrastructure, in fact, to keep govern-ment open. We might only have 11 leg-islative days to try to keep govern-ment open. 
By the way, I think that is 30-some 
actual days for most Americans, Mr. Speaker. As we talked about, you won’t be here, Mr. Speaker. If there is a way that I can be here and advance an agenda of keeping government open, I would be happy to, but I am afraid it requires a Speaker to gavel us in. 
Now, there are bills that seek to bal-
ance the challenges of mining with its impact on surrounding communities, but, unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues weren’t interested in dis-cussing those. Instead we are dis-cussing a recycled bill for the fourth time that would eliminate environ-mental review, allow for the unfettered mining of public lands, define critical minerals in such a way that it means the dirt between your toes and the sand in your kid’s sandbox. It would likely not be brought up by the Senate and dead on arrival at the President’s desk. 
This is a job-destroying bill that the 
American people are not even asking Congress to take up. It takes a simple concept—preserving access to critical resources, which would have strong bi-partisan support—and contorts it into a divisive job-destroying, health-de-stroying, commonsense-defying issue that doesn’t appear anywhere on the priority list of struggling families across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion and to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 481 is 
a fair rule allowing for balanced, delib-erative, and open debate, just as my colleague is asking, as well as numer-ous amendment opportunities from both parties. 
It provides for the consideration of a 
bill that is critical to the economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.032 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7050 October 21, 2015 
well-being of mining communities 
across the country, which are reeling from the continual impacts of Federal regulation and the bureaucratic per-mitting process we have in place. 
This regulatory environment has led 
to lost jobs and wages in the mining in-dustry, ultimately hurting the middle class families that many of these rules and regulations claim they are in-tended to protect. 
H.R. 1937 streamlines our country’s 
mine permitting process by removing unnecessary and onerous hurdles, which can lead to decades-long delays for mining activities and projects. The current Federal permitting system for the extraction of rare earth minerals is outdated, unproductive, and often im-pedes our ability to extract these crit-ical minerals. 
You know, our country is blessed 
with a myriad of rare earth minerals, but this Federal red tape has had a dev-astating impact on the mining commu-nities in our country whose livelihoods depend on the ability to obtain and de-velop these resources. 
We must stop punishing middle class 
Americans with these heavyhanded and poorly considered regulations that more often than not have unintended consequences and serious negative eco-nomic impacts. 
Mr. Speaker, already many countries 
around the world are looking to im-prove their infrastructure, which pro-vides the U.S. with the unique oppor-tunity to tap into this growing global market. Due to strong international demand for rare earth minerals, allow-ing for greater development of domes-tic resources also creates a unique op-portunity to further American trade relationships and decrease our trade deficit. 
Additionally, by increasing the avail-
able supply of these rare earth min-erals, manufacturing companies will be able to more efficiently produce their products, which could reduce consumer costs and open the door to greater in-novation. Further, our outdated per-mitting system negatively impacts in-vestment in our economy that hinders our ability to take on this expanded role in the global marketplace for these mineral resources. 
The Federal Government should be 
promoting investment in the U.S. by creating a regulatory framework that encourages the safe development of do-mestic resources. If we want to address the growing minerals trade imbalance, as we see more and more U.S. mining jobs moving overseas and higher en-ergy and commodity prices here at home, then we must fix these delays which are at the root of the problem. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule allows for con-
sideration of an important piece of leg-islation that will address the burden-some permitting and regulatory hur-dles that are harmful to this vital in-dustry. Yet, while this legislation al-lows for greater utilization of domestic resources, it also maintains important environmental safeguards designed to ensure the health of our constituents 
and ecosystems, striking an important balance that has been absent far too long. 
While my colleague from Colorado 
and I may have a few differences of opinion, I firmly believe this rule and the underlying bill are strong measures that are critically important to our country’s future, both for my State as well as his and many, many others in this country. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the rule’s 
adoption, and I urge my colleague to support House Resolution 481, and the underlying bill. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 481 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1814) to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1814. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the 
opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Ordering the previous question on H. 
Res. 480; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.034 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7051 October 21, 2015 
Adoption of H. Res. 480, if ordered; 
Ordering the previous question on H. 
Res. 481; and 
Adoption of H. Res. 481, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 10, SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS RE-AUTHORIZATION ACT, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 692, DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 480) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to reau-thorize the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 181, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 553] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Buck 
Clyburn Comstock Gowdy Grayson 
Kelly (IL) Larson (CT) Loudermilk Payne 
Rice (NY) Wilson (FL) Young (IN) 
b1422 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ changed her vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, 
on October 21, 2015—I was not present for rollcall vote 553. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 553. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). The question is on the reso-
lution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 245, noes 182, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 554] 
AYES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.037 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7052 October 21, 2015 
Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Becerra 
Clyburn Gowdy Grayson 
Kelly (IL) Payne Pelosi 
b1430 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1937, NATIONAL STRA-TEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 481) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competi-tiveness, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 184, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 555] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.007 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7053 October 21, 2015 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Bishop (UT) 
Clyburn DeFazio Gowdy 
Kelly (IL) Payne Webster (FL) 
b1437 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 185, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 556] 
AYES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Clyburn Gowdy Johnson (OH) 
Kelly (IL) Payne 
b1445 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-
CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT ON H.R. 10, SCHOLAR-SHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT, OR H.R. 692, DEFAULT PRE-VENTION ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that the ques-tion of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 10 or H.R. 692 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. 
f 
DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 480, I call up the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 480, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 692 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Default Pre-
vention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST 
ON PUBLIC DEBT AND SOCIAL SECU-RITY TRUST FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the event that the debt 
of the United States Government, as defined in section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, reaches the statutory limit, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall, in addition to any other authority provided by law, issue obligations under chapter 31 of title 31, United States Code, to pay with legal tender, and solely for the purpose of paying, the principal and interest on obligations of the United States described in subsection (b) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) O
BLIGATIONS DESCRIBED .—For purposes 
of this subsection, obligations described in this subsection are obligations which are— 
(1) held by the public, or (2) held by the Old-Age and Survivors In-
surance Trust Fund and Disability Insurance Trust Fund. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION FOR MEM-
BERS OF CONGRESS .—None of the obligations 
issued under subsection (a) may be used to pay compensation for Members of Congress. 
(d) O
BLIGATIONS EXEMPT FROMPUBLIC DEBT 
LIMIT.—Obligations issued under subsection 
(a) shall not be taken into account in apply-ing the limitation in section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, to the extent that such obligation would otherwise cause the limitation in section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, to be exceeded. 
(e) R
EPORT ON CERTAIN ACTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury exercises his authority under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall thereafter submit a report each week the authority is in use providing an accounting relating to— 
(A) the principal on mature obligations 
and interest that is due or accrued of the United States, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.011 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7054 October 21, 2015 
(B) any obligations issued pursuant to sub-
section (a). 
(2) S UBMISSION .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN) and 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 692, the Default Prevention Act, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, if you want to guar-
antee that the United States will never default, then you should vote for this bill. If you want to protect working families from the consequences of de-fault, then you should vote for this bill. If you want to make sure that sen-iors get every dime of their Social Se-curity, then vote for this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill does not raise 
the debt limit, but it eliminates the threat of default. The full faith and credit of our country is too important to put at risk. What this bill says is very simple. It says that we will never fail to pay our debts. That is just it. That is all it does. It is just paying our debts. 
We know the consequences of default. 
We know it would shake the world’s confidence in us. We know that it could freeze up credit across this country. That is why with this bill, we are tak-ing default off the table. It is common sense. 
I want to thank Mr. M
CCLINTOCK for 
developing this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to yield the 
remainder of my time to the gentle-woman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and 
ask unanimous consent that she be able to control the time from here on. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just say at the 
beginning what needs to be said at the end. This doesn’t take default off the table. This is an effort to obscure the reality. It does not take default off in any meaningful way. 
Default by any other name is default, 
and essentially what this bill does is to address part of the problem but leave the rest of it very much outstanding and very much there. This bill plays with fire. This bill essentially—essen-
tially—attacks the credit of the United States of America. 
The Republicans are at it once again. 
In 2011, they played with it, they played with fire, and America was burned. The stock market plunged. The S&P downgraded for the first time in 
history the credit of this country. It lowered private pension balances. It es-sentially increased the cost of mort-gages for people in this country. That wasn’t enough. That in 2013 the Repub-licans played with fire and shut down the government. We lost 120,000 jobs. We slowed GDP growth, and there was an increase of $70 million in terms of the cost of financing debt. 
So what is this really all about? 
What it is about is paying China and other foreign governments first and es-sentially putting at risk millions of Americans. So I just want to refer to who is at risk here. Who would be sub-ject to default? 
Payments and benefits to 1.4 million 
Active-Duty troops, their pay is at risk; benefits to almost 4 million dis-abled veterans; payment for health care for 5.9 million veterans; education assistance for over 1 million; and loan support for homes for over 500,000 or 600,000 veterans. And then payments to small businesses would be put at risk, payments to physicians under Medi-care, payments to 30 million-plus kids in terms of their meals, and payments to hundreds of thousands of grantees of NIH. 
So, Mr. Speaker, that is really what 
this is all about. Nine percent of the expenditures of this country are going to be safeguarded, mostly for foreign investors, and 30 percent in terms of Social Security payments. That means 60 percent would be at risk, 60 percent of the 80 to 100 million payments each month. 
So, essentially, what the Republicans 
are doing is creating, here, a camou-flage. But the problem with it is that it is so transparent. It might be as a pur-pose to try to find a few more votes on the Republican side, but when the cam-ouflage is so obvious, I don’t think it will work. 
The administration has stated its po-
sition. That position is very clear, and I want to read from this Statement of Administration Policy. I quote the last paragraph: 
The President will not tolerate political 
gamesmanship, which caused the Nation’s credit rating to be downgraded in 2011 and proved harmful to both the United States and the global economy. For this reason, if the President is presented with legislation that would result in the Congress’ choosing to default on our obligations and imperil the full faith and credit of the United States, he would veto it. 
So this bill cannot become law. So 
why do it? Why not simply face up to the need to address the full faith and credit of the United States? I think the answer is this isn’t policy, this is a ploy, and ploys should not be used put-ting at risk the full faith and credit of the United States and payments at risk for millions and millions of Americans. 
That is really what this is all about. 
This is irresponsible. This is indefen-
sible. The only possible reason for pass-ing a bill that can’t go anywhere is maybe to pick up a few votes here. That is irresponsible in terms of the full faith and credit of this beloved country of ours. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge 
strong opposition to this. When this came up once before, I think every Democrat voted ‘‘no’’—every Demo-crat. So we are supposed to be kind of in a new era talking about bipartisan-ship. We are supposed to be, once again, thinking maybe we can act to-gether. Instead, what we have here is a bill by Republicans essentially acting alone. It is a serious mistake. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, at this time, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), the author of the legisla-
tion. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I thank the gen-
tlewoman. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill simply guaran-
tees that the sovereign debt of the United States will be paid in full and on time—period. How could that pos-sibly be controversial? Yet in today’s political environment, it is. 
The sovereign debt of the United 
States is what makes it possible for us to pay all of our other obligations in this era of chronic deficit spending that we are now in. This bill provides an absolute guarantee of that credit. 
Although the Constitution explicitly 
commands that the public debt of the United States is not to be questioned, it provides no practical mechanism to achieve this aim. This bill provides that mechanism. It says that, when-ever we reach the debt limit, the Treas-ury Secretary can continue to borrow to pay interest and principal on the debt. 
It amazes me that many of our 
friends on the other side of the aisle support loan guarantees to foreign cor-porations and to special interest groups, but they are unwilling to guar-antee the loans to our own govern-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, the national debt is now 
larger than the entire economy. It has doubled in the last decade. The interest on that debt is the fastest growing component of the Federal budget. It threatens to exceed our entire defense budget in just 8 years. 
If there is ever any doubt over the se-
curity and reliability of the debt owed by this government, the rates we pay to service our debt would quickly rise and sink our country in a tidal wave of red ink. 
Now, this is not a substitute for rais-
ing the debt limit. We all recognize that in this era of chronic deficit spending under this administration that is going to have to happen. We have a responsibility to raise the debt limit, but we also have a responsibility 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.012 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7055 October 21, 2015 
to review the policies that are driving 
that debt. 
b1500 
The Default Prevention Act says 
loudly and clearly to the world that, no matter how much we may differ and quarrel here in Washington, the sov-ereign debt of this Nation is guaran-teed and that their loans to it are abso-lutely safe. 
We hear the charge that this would 
pay debts owed to foreign governments before paying our own troops. Actu-ally, more than half of our debt is held by Americans, often in American pen-sion funds. China holds just 7 percent. But whether our loans come from China or from Charleston, without the Nation’s credit, we cannot pay our troops or meet all of our other obliga-
tions. 
Opponents charge that this is an ex-
cuse not to pay our other debts. Well, what nonsense. This maintains the credit that is necessary to pay our other debts. 
Most States guarantee that their 
sovereign debt will be secure and they have done so for generations. Do our friends actually suggest that any of these States has ever used these guar-antees as an excuse not to pay their other bills? On the contrary, by pro-tecting their credit first, they actually support and maintain their ability to pay for all of their other obligations. 
The President contends that this is 
tantamount to a family saying it would make its house payment, but not its car payment. I sure hope he is get-ting better economic advice than that. 
But let’s continue the analogy. If the 
family is living on its credit cards, as we are as a Nation, it had better make the minimum payment on its credit card first or it won’t be able to pay all the rest of its bills. 
And when that family has to increase 
its credit limit because it is not spend-ing within its means, it had better have a serious conversation about what is driving its debt and what to do about it. 
Principled disputes over how the debt 
limit is addressed are going to happen from time to time. Just a few years ago then-Senator Barack Obama vigorously opposed an increase in the debt limit sought by the Bush administration. 
When these controversies erupt, as 
they inevitably do in a free society, it is imperative that credit markets are supremely confident that their loans to the United States are secure. 
Providing such a guarantee would 
prevent a future debt crisis and give Congress the calm it needs to negotiate the changes that must be made to bring our debt under control as we au-thorize still more debt. 
The voices in opposition to this bill 
are the same voices that have cheered the most profligate spending and bor-rowing binge in the history of this Na-tion. It is time that we managed our affairs responsibly, and guaranteeing our debt is an important step in doing so. Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself 30 seconds. 
The gentleman says we are going to 
raise the debt limit. Raise it. Get a bill here that raises it. And then this polit-ical game will be totally unnecessary. Raise it. Where is the bill? 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ). 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Madam Speaker, my 
colleagues, the last few days in New York people have been asking me: Do you really think P
AULRYANis going to 
become Speaker of the House? I said: No. They said: Why? Don’t you believe he is intelligent, smart, dedicated? I said: That is just the problem. I can’t find anyone that I know and like that is more conservative than P
AULRYAN. 
PAUL RYAN, if he were to become 
Speaker, would be saying to the Repub-licans: I cannot accept this responsi-bility unless you respect the integrity of the United States of America. They said: Well, Charlie, what does that mean? I said: Well, P
AUL RYAN 
wouldn’t allow us to go into default. P
AUL RYAN would support increasing 
the debt ceiling. P AULRYANwould rec-
ognize that we need our infrastructure, we need our jobs, we need education. They said: Well, what is the difference with that? I said: If P
AULRYANwere to 
get these type of commitments from the Republican Party, Speaker B
OEH-
NER never would have left, M CCARTHY  
never would have left. 
So what are we going through today? 
Well, P AULRYANknows that this is not 
going to become law. Why? Because it doesn’t make any sense. 
It is almost like if you were in a cor-
poration—since we are using analo-gies—and they say: We promise you you are not going to go bankrupt. You say: Well, how are you going to do that, since the only people that you have to pay are those you borrowed money from? Well, what about the cost of manufacturers? What about the sala-ries of the workers? What about the health benefits? What about the other things that make America great? Well, we didn’t say that we are going to pro-tect you for that. But just for the prin-cipal and the interest that you have to pay, you protect it. 
This doesn’t make any sense at all. 
But since it is going to be vetoed, this must mean something to those people that, when you say government, they get angry, when you say Obama, they see red, when you find cooperation with Democrats, they say that you are not faithful to the Republic. 
So I don’t know who these people are. 
We don’t see them. They don’t talk this way. But someone that can believe that just paying off debt, foreign and domestic, and not taking care of our veterans, not taking care of our mili-tary, not taking care of our health con-
cern—if you really think that these things are just going to be forgotten, these are not the principles that P
AUL 
RYANbelieves in. So, if this passes, if it is vetoed, can’t 
we try to believe that, if you really want to have a Republican Speaker, take this garbage off the table, say you are going to cooperate for our country? This is more important than Repub-licans and Democrats. 
We are talking about the prestige, 
the full faith and credit of the United States of America. People don’t ask whether you are Republican or Demo-crat. They just want to know are you going to pay your debts. 
I thank you for this opportunity. And, P
AUL, if they don’t want you as 
Speaker, we will keep you as our chair-man. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, at this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ). 
Mr. ROKITA. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman. 
I rise today in simple, but strong, 
support for H.R. 692, the Default Pre-vention Act. 
This commonsense bill makes clear 
that the United States and those who vote on the floor of this Chamber prioritize our debt and our Social Secu-rity payments over our reckless gov-ernment and otherwise irresponsible spending. 
With this bill, we take the hysteria 
out of our spending debate and codify the integrity of our Nation’s full faith and credit. And I would say, Madam Speaker, that those that appear to op-pose this bill really and truly at the end of the day need the hysteria that surrounds this issue to not go away simply so political points around this issue can continue to be made. 
Now, here is a real scary point, not 
political at all. Today, as we stand here, our national debt stands in excess of $18 trillion. Yet, according to the Congressional Budget Office, govern-ment revenues were $3.25 trillion for fiscal year 2015 alone. 
With $3.25 trillion revenue coming in, 
ladies and gentlemen, we do not have a revenue problem. But with $18 trillion in debt, we certainly have a spending problem. We must get to the root of it, and this bill is a responsible step for-ward. 
It is a responsible step forward be-
cause it truly takes the politics of this debt and this hysteria off the table so that we can see as American people and as a Congress so that we can be exposed to the problems so that we can face it and, ultimately, so that we can solve it. 
That is what we came to Washington 
to do. I think a little bit all of us did. For me, it is the majority of why I came to Washington, so that our tough decisions can be faced, met, resolved, and we can ultimately reduce this debt so that our children and grandchildren in the here and now and yet to come don’t have to be the first and second generations in American history that are left worse off. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.048 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7056 October 21, 2015 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
HOYER ), our Whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I have been here for some period of 
time, and I have heard a lot about cau-cuses. But I would like to see us do what the gentleman from Indiana says, although I disagree with him on his conclusion. 
I would like to see the formation of a 
responsibility caucus, a caucus that is honest with the American people, that doesn’t pretend that this debt limit vote is a real vote. 
It is a real vote when you cut reve-
nues by hundreds of billions of dollars and don’t pay for it. And if you think that that does not up the debt and somehow pays for it, you haven’t been around for the last 35 years watching. 
The responsibility caucus would say 
to the American people: If we bought it, we are going to pay for it. Whether 
it was Social Security, Medicare, an aircraft carrier, roads and bridges, whatever it was, we will pay for it. 
But one of the first things our Repub-
lican friends did was they negated pay- for, and they certainly wouldn’t have it apply to tax cuts. Almost every respon-sible economist I have talked with says there is no way you can do this without effectively having default. 
Because if you prioritize debt, by def-
inition, what you are saying is there are some debts we will not pay. As soon as you say that, you have defaulted. You may not default to a bond owner, but you have defaulted on an obliga-tion of the most creditworthy nation on Earth, the United States of Amer-ica. 
This is a game. It is an irresponsible 
game. It is a game unworthy of respon-sible representatives. Of course we are going to pay our debts. We are Amer-ica. When we say of course we are going to pay our debts, it means that we will pay our debts. 
In order to do that, you need to up 
the debt limit. If you don’t want the debt limit to go higher, stop buying things or pay for things or do both. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this ir-
responsible charade that is a pretense of fiscal responsibility, not a reality. This is not worthy of this Congress or the American people. It is clear that this House has been a deeply divided House and a dysfunctional House for a number of months now, indeed, for a number of years. 
I understand that there are some peo-
ple who demand legislation like this that won’t go anywhere and really won’t do anything, and it will put the credit of the United States at further risk. Let us reject this charade. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I come today to the House as a sup-
porter of the Default Prevention Act. Right now our Nation stands at over $18 trillion in debt, a number simply too large to comprehend. 
As the House, we have an obligation 
to the American people to rein in out- of-control Federal spending and put 
our economy on a sustainable path for-ward. 
However, while House Republicans 
will continue to act to reduce our na-tional debt and restore fiscal responsi-bility to the Federal Government, we cannot put the full faith and credit of the United States Government at risk. 
The Default Prevention Act ensures 
that we will continue to pay our exist-ing debt obligations providing the eco-nomic security and certainty that our economy needs. 
This legislation does not allow for an 
increase in the debt limit. It simply al-lows us to satisfy our existing debt ob-ligations and avoid default, even if we reach the debt ceiling. 
This bill also protects Social Secu-
rity beneficiaries and Americans with disabilities by ensuring that their ben-efits will continue to be paid on time. Hardworking Americans deserve to have their benefits protected, and this bill does just that. This legislation is a commonsense measure that protects Americans’ credit and integrity. 
I urge all Members of the House to 
support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. B
ECERRA ), our caucus chair. 
Mr. BECERRA. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding. 
1.4 million troops, 4 million disabled 
veterans, more than 30 million children who participate on a daily basis in school lunch programs, and small busi-nesses all over the country are some of the Americans who will pay the price if Republicans refuse to authorize our government to pay all its bills. 
b1515 
There are only 8 legislative days left 
for Congress to avoid defaulting on paying America’s financial bills. Yet, our House Republican colleagues show no signs of putting serious business first and trying to work with their Democratic colleagues to pay our Na-tion’s bills on time and in full. This bill isn’t a solution. It is a sham. 
First, it instructs our government to 
pay foreign creditors ahead of paying our troops or paying our veterans, who have honorably served our country and have earned their benefits. 
Second, our Republican colleagues 
propose under this bill to borrow new money to pay for previously borrowed money and to say that the previously borrowed money won’t count on the books. Borrowing money off the books to cover debt sounds a lot like a Ponzi scheme. 
This is simply default by another 
name, bringing our economy closer to the brink. Maybe some people in this Chamber have forgotten 2011. When the Republicans brought us to the brink of default in 2011, the stock market plunged and the S&P downgraded our credit rating for the first time in our Nation’s history. In 2013, our Republican colleagues 
proposed default threats, and the gov-ernment shutdown that followed cost us 120,000 jobs and $24 billion in slow GDP growth just as the economy was taking hold. 
The Secretary of the Treasury, Sec-
retary Lew, said in a letter last week: ‘‘There is no way to predict the irrep-arable damage that default would have on global financial markets and the American people.’’ 
Madam Speaker, you wouldn’t con-
stantly run your small business on the edge of default. So why would Repub-licans try to run the largest economy in the world this way? 
We need to move forward. We have 8 
days. Let us defeat this bill and get our real work done. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ). 
Mr. SANFORD. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Madam Speaker, my colleague from 
Maryland made the comment just a moment ago of the ‘‘responsibility cau-cus,’’ that he would like to see more of that. 
What I would submit to everybody in 
this Chamber is that, ultimately, what my colleague from California’s bill is all about is, indeed, just that because, if you think about it, we really are liv-ing in an age of default. 
Laurence Kotlikoff, from Boston Uni-
versity, has said that, in a thing called generational accounting, the imputed cost of governing—the imputed cost for a child born in America today in terms of future costs all in—is about 80 per-cent. 
Eighty percent is not all that far 
from a thing called slavery if you have to be indentured to the Federal Gov-ernment for the preponderance of your life and your life’s work. What this is ultimately about is defusing that bomb. 
Erskine Bowles was the former Chief 
of Staff to President Clinton. He ran a commission that looked at the way our Federal Government spent money. He said that what we have before us is the most predictable financial crisis in the history of man and that it is but 10 years off—roughly, 10 years off. 
So, as we have a legitimate debate— 
and we will have a legitimate debate between Republicans and Democrats and Independents and all of us as Americans in where we go next—what this does is defuse that bomb of a train wreck with regard to international and national credit markets as we have that debate, and that is a very good thing. 
This bill is about drawing a line as 
we have deadlines that come and go with this debate. It is about a tug of war that is taking place, and it is about saying let’s step back and not risk credit markets and what might happen next on that front. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.050 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7057 October 21, 2015 
Secondly, it is about simple prior-
ities. In a family’s budget, they dif-ferentiate between the mortgage budg-et and the movie budget. Not all gov-ernment expenditure is equal. 
There is a whole host of programs in 
the Federal Government that make a lot of sense and some, frankly, that don’t, some that add a lot of value and some that add a little bit of value. For us to say, ‘‘I will tell you what. As we go through those deliberations, let’s back up and protect the financial cred-itworthiness of the United States Gov-ernment,’’ it is, ultimately, a real step of responsibility. 
I commend my colleague from Cali-
fornia for offering this bill. I thank him for his work to defuse a ticking time bomb in the debate that will take place—a ticking time bomb that will go on, nonetheless, with regard to what happens next with regard to the na-tional debt. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), another distin-
guished member of our committee. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, here we go again. 
We are only weeks from defaulting on our debt, and this bill does nothing to deal with that. The bill before us today is, essentially, a plan for defaulting on our obligations. 
As my friend said, the Republican 
gentleman from Louisiana, all this does is prioritize our debt. If you are prioritizing your debt, by definition, you are defaulting. You are not paying your bills. 
This would prioritize our repayment, 
putting our veterans, small businesses, and our first responders behind foreign governments in regard to receiving the payment that is due to them. 
We have to pay our bills. We cannot 
go down this road again. We have seen this movie before, and it is not going to change. The last time we came close to defaulting on our debt, the results were terrible. In 1 month, job growth dropped by more than 130,000 jobs. The S&P 500 tanked by nearly 20 percent, and our credit rating was downgraded for the first time in history. 
No one knows for sure what the full 
extent of the damage to the economy would be if we were to default on our debt. But, as Chairman R
YANsaid ear-
lier, we know that it would ‘‘freeze up our economy’’—higher interest rates for mortgages on auto loans, student loans, and credit cards; higher interest rates and less access to business loans needed to finance payrolls, building in-ventories, or to invest in equipment and construction; families’ retirement savings in 401(k)’s dropping as the stock market tanks; almost 4 million veterans not receiving disability bene-fits; and doctors, medical providers, and hospitals not getting their pay. 
The debt limit is not something to 
play around with. We simply need to pay our bills. Vote a resounding ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and let’s pay our bills. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), 
our whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. I thank the gentle-
woman from Kansas for yielding. 
I want to thank my friend from Cali-
fornia (Mr. M CCLINTOCK ) for bringing 
this bill forward. 
Madam Speaker, the Default Preven-
tion Act takes off the table the ability for any President to use the debt ceil-ing as an opportunity to threaten de-fault on the credit of the United States of America. 
If you think about this, we are talk-
ing about whether or not the United States is going to pay its bills. This should be something that the Presi-dent—any President—should under-stand as a basic responsibility of his duty in office whether or not Congress can come to an agreement with the President on the debt ceiling, which, by the way, should be something the Speaker, the majority leader, and the President are directly engaged in. 
The fact that the President walked 
away from talks on negotiations on the debt ceiling tells you that he is not taking this in the serious way that he should. In fact, it also proves that the President wants to use the debt ceiling to threaten the default of the United States. That is irresponsible of any President. No President should have the option of defaulting or of even threatening default, and this bill takes default off the table as an option. 
Now, why would the President be op-
posed to that? 
I think it answers itself, Madam 
Speaker, because the President wants to threaten default and have that as a political weapon to try to scare the markets and to try to scare our sen-iors, who, by the way, are the largest holders of debt. Seniors shouldn’t have to worry about whether or not that debt would be paid. Any creditor shouldn’t be worried. 
If the United States is going to bor-
row money, we should first focus on getting to a balanced budget, which this President is opposed to. Once we get to a balanced budget, we should also be focused on making sure we are paying the debts that were incurred. 
The fact that the President wants to 
threaten default as an option shouldn’t be available. This bill takes default off the table, and it makes the focus really clear that the United States is going to live within its means, uphold its obli-gations, and then go and focus on at-tacking the real root problems that got us into this debt in the first place. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote for 
this piece of legislation. Let’s send it over to the Senate, where they should pass it on to the President. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for a unanimous consent 
request. 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the 
ranking member. 
Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose H.R. 
692, for we should pay our debts. This bill is called the Pay China First Act. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition 
to speak on H.R. 692, the so-called ’Default Prevention Act of 2015,’’ which would result in the Congress refusing to pay the financial obli-gations it has already incurred. 
This bill, which ought to be called the ‘‘Pay 
China First Act,’’ is virtually-identical to the one House Republicans brought to the floor in May 2013, which House Democrats unani-mously opposed and which wasted time and taxpayer money on its consideration before pushing the nation to the brink of default just a few months later. 
American families do not get to choose 
which bills to pay and which ones to ignore; neither can the United States Congress with-out putting the nation into default for the first time in its history. 
In 1789, Alexander Hamilton, the nation’s 
first and greatest Treasury Secretary, under-stood that the path to American prosperity and greatness lay in its creditworthiness which pro-vided the affordable access to capital needed to fund internal improvements and economic growth. 
The nation’s creditworthiness was one of its 
most important national assets and according to Hamilton: ‘‘the proper funding of the present debt, will render it a national blessing.’’ 
But to maintain this blessing, or to ‘‘render 
public credit immortal,’’ Hamilton understood that it was necessary that: ‘‘the creation of 
debt should always be accompanied with the means of extinguishment.’’ 
In other words, to retain and enjoy the pros-
perity that flows from good credit, it is nec-essary for a nation to pay its bills. 
H.R. 692 threatens the full faith and credit of 
the United States, costs American jobs, hurt businesses of all sizes, and does irreparable damage to the economy. 
It is important to note that under the eco-
nomic stewardship of the Obama Administra-tion, the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed above 17,000 for the first time ever, and un-employment has fallen to 5.1 percent, the low-est since the Clinton Administration. 
Madam Speaker, obligations not guaranteed 
by H.R. 692, and therefore in danger of not being paid on a daily basis, include pay for ac-tive-duty military, veterans benefits, Medicare and Medicaid payments, and payments to small businesses. 
In short, H.R. 692 is simply default by an-
other name. 
Americans want a clean debt limit increase, 
which Congress has been done numerous times and was the normal process until 2011 when the House Republicans hijacked the process in a futile and quixotic effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
H.R. 692 reflects a House Republican gov-
erning philosophy that puts ideology over progress and partisan showmanship over common-sense legislating. 
Madam Speaker, we cannot continue to 
hold our nation hostage, punishing the recipi-ents of Social Security, Medicaid, and Medi-care who depend upon their benefits for eco-nomic survival. 
That is why I support a long-term increase 
in the debt limit that would provide economic stability to consumers, businesses, and finan-cial organizations and certainty to capital mar-kets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.051 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7058 October 21, 2015 
In contrast, the bill before us, H.R. 692, is 
merely a short-term measure with unneces-sary complications, needlessly perpetuating uncertainty in the nation’s fiscal system, and favors the Chinese government over Ameri-cans. 
My colleagues want to buy time so that they 
can figure out how to squeeze the American taxpayer even more by devising bone-crunch-ing cuts and slashes to entitlement programs as opposed to sitting down and working with Democrats to come up with reasonable budget reforms which do not hurt seniors or the , dis-advantaged. 
Madam Speaker, Social Security is currently 
the only source of income for nearly two-thirds of older American households receiving bene-fits, and roughly one-third of those households depend on Social Security for nearly all of their income. 
Half of those 65 and older have annual in-
comes below $18,500, and many older Ameri-cans have experienced recent and significant losses in retirement savings, pensions, and home values. 
Today, every dollar of the average Social 
Security retirement benefit of about $14,800 is absolutely critical to the typical beneficiary. 
Contrary to some claims, Social Security is 
not the cause of our nation’s deficit problem. 
Not only does the program operate inde-
pendently, but it is prohibited from borrowing. 
Social Security must pay all benefits from its 
own trust fund. 
If there are insufficient funds to pay out full 
benefits, benefits are automatically reduced to the level supported by the program’s own rev-enues. 
Instead of short-term management of self-in-
flicted fiscal crises, it is incumbent upon us on both sides of the aisle to find the common ground needed to put the nation on a sounder fiscal path. 
If President Obama has made clear that he 
remains willing to work with both parties in Congress to budget responsibly and to achieve additional deficit reduction consistent with the principles of balance, shared growth, and shared opportunity. 
But, as of today Madam Speaker, Congress 
has only two options—raise the debt ceiling to allow the Treasury to pay the nation’s bills, or refuse to do so and have the nation default for the first time in history. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting 
against H.R. 692. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), another very dis-
tinguished member of our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Thank you. Madam Speaker, I am listening to 
my friend from Louisiana rewrite his-tory. 
It is not the President who is threat-
ening to default on the national debt. It is the Republican Congress that is refusing to do what was granted to every President in the past—Repub-lican or Democrat—which is to deal with raising the debt ceiling, which is, after all, money we have already spent, money that they approved. 
They have been in charge for the last 
5 years. The notion that we can some-how distinguish the semantics of this proposal, distinguishing between sov-ereign debt and the rest of the 80 mil-lion transactions that the Treasury 
makes every day, is lunacy. 
If you disagree with our protections 
to seniors, veterans, the military, Medicare, Medicaid, the FBI, food safe-ty, cut them, but you don’t. You nibble away at them. You have never offered a balanced budget when you have been in charge. We had balanced budgets when President Clinton was President. Thank you very much. Unless you as-sure everyone, nobody is protected. 
As for the notion somehow that the 
President walked away from the nego-tiations with Simpson-Bowles, where was P
AUL RYAN? I like P AUL RYAN. 
PAUL RYAN refused to embrace Simp-
son-Bowles’ proposals. They cannot pass their vision. They want to blame the President and the American people. 
I would respectfully suggest that we 
ought to reject this fig leaf and get down to business: raise the debt ceiling as we have done repeatedly in the past for Presidents, whether they are Re-publicans or Democrats, get past the rhetoric, and then deal with structural issues going forward. 
Let’s rebuild and renew America. 
Let’s raise the gas tax so we can deal with our crumbling infrastructure, something that Ronald Reagan did in 1982, when we faced a deficit in the highway trust fund then. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). The time of the gentleman 
has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. There are sim-
ple, commonsense solutions, by the way, that are supported by the U.S. Chamber and the AFL–CIO, truckers and AAA, business, government, to be able to get the country moving again, to repair crumbling infrastructure, and not add to the deficit. One simple, lit-tle step—something we could do—not deal with goofy legislation like is of-fered today. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Madam Speaker, 
we are asked: Why don’t you just raise the debt limit? 
Let me again make this very clear. As long as we spend more than we 
take in, we have a responsibility to raise the debt limit. Republicans ac-knowledge that responsibility. Demo-crats acknowledge that responsibility. 
Yet, with that responsibility comes a 
concomitant duty to review the poli-cies that are driving that debt. The Re-publicans acknowledge this responsi-bility. The Democrats do not. That is the fine point of the matter. 
That is a policy debate, and it is con-
troversial, but that controversy should not roil credit markets and threaten to increase the cost of our borrowing. 
Given the size of the debt that we are 
carrying—and this administration has nearly doubled it by its policies—even a small increase in interest rates could mean a catastrophic increase in inter-est payments, and those increased in-
terest payments in the tens—possibly, hundreds—of billions of dollars would come at the cost of every other pro-gram that the Democrats cherish. 
We keep hearing about the S&P 
downgrading our credit rating in 2011. Let me remind them that, for months prior to that downgrade, the S&P de-manded that we reduce our 10-year pro-
jected deficit by at least $4 trillion or they would downgrade our sovereign debt. We ultimately only reduced it by $1.2 trillion because of the voices that we now hear raised against this bill, and the S&P followed through on that threat. 
b1530 
My Democratic colleagues are right, 
a threat not to pay interest and prin-cipal on our debt is the biggest threat to our credit. That is precisely the threat this bill takes off the table by guaranteeing our sovereign debt. 
My friends are correct that failure to 
pay our other bills would be a very bad thing, and it is much to be avoided. There is no dispute in that. 
As long as the debt limit has to be in-
creased, there is going to be con-troversy; and that controversy, wheth-er during Republican or Democratic Congresses or Republican or Demo-cratic administrations, must not be al-lowed to provoke an increase in bor-rowing costs because we have fright-ened credit markets. 
This is not a threat to default. It is a 
promise not to default on the sovereign debt that we use to fund everything else that we do. My friends on the left make no distinction between sovereign debt and our other obligations. That may explain some of the reasons we are in the mess we are in. 
The fact is our sovereign debt is what 
makes it possible to pay for our other obligations as long as we continue to spend beyond our means. This measure guarantees the sovereign debt. 
The policies advocated by the oppo-
nents of this motion are precisely the policies that have caused our country to wander now through 7 years down a dark road of debt, doubt, despair, and economic malaise. 
It is time for a new morning in Amer-
ica, and that begins with guaranteeing the sovereign debt of this Nation. I ask for your support for this bill. 
Mr. LEVIN. Could I ask the Speaker 
how much time is remaining on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 10 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from Kansas has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND), another distin-
guished member of our committee. 
Mr. KIND. Madam Speaker, this un-
questionably is one of the most dan-gerous bills that we will be considering in this session of Congress because this gives this body permission, for the very first time in our Nation’s history, to default on our financial obligations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.013 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7059 October 21, 2015 
They claim that they are splitting 
the baby here by paying bondholders only. One of the largest bondholders we have, of course, is China, so this is a pay China first bill. 
I have a feeling that the financial 
markets, the investors, and the credit rating agencies will view this for what it is however: a default is a default is a default. 
A great nation like the United States 
of America should pay our bills. We should pay our bills. 
Now, no one can stand here or sit 
here today with complete certainty and tell us what the market reaction would be if we start defaulting on any financial obligations we have as a na-tion, and that is really the point. Why would we even take that chance? Why would we take a chance of a downgrade to our credit, of an increase in interest rates which would impact everyone, from small businesses to families to farmers? It would drive up borrowing costs, which would act as a brake on economic activity and the job growth we have right now because we have never done this before. That is the dan-ger that this legislation sets up. 
If my friends on the other side are so 
concerned about debt and over-spending, then perhaps they ought not have supported legislation this year alone—bills that they have passed— that would increase our national debt by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years because you refused to pay for the tax cuts or the spending increases that were in that legislation through offsets in the budget. That may come as news or surprise to the other side, but the Congressional Budget Office score is $1.5 trillion of new debt over 10 years based on legislation you supported: re-pealing SGR, $141 billion; permanent expensing, $380 billion; get rid of the estate tax, another $180 billion, and others. It adds up to 1.5. 
So if there is so much concern about 
excess spending and debt and what it is doing to our economy, then maybe we ought to look at ourselves first and the action that is being taken on this House floor. 
We should not go down this path. We 
should stop creating the uncertainty and dysfunction coming out of Wash-ington and give the economy a chance to recover. 
I encourage my colleagues to reject 
this legislation. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), vice chair of our 
Caucus. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in strong opposition to the Pay China First Act. We should call it, in my opinion, Put America Last Act be-cause that is exactly what this does. This bill will codify into law a new low. It will ensure U.S. taxpayers are forced to pay China and other regimes as well as foreign banks first. That means we will pay China before we pay veterans, 
before we pay for Medicare to cover our seniors, and before we pay our enlisted troops bravely serving overseas. It means we are going to pay these guys before we pay these guys. We are going to pay these guys before we pay these guys. 
Even Chairman R
YAN, in a memo to 
House Republican colleagues, acknowl-edges that, in fact, China and other for-eign debt holders will be paid before Medicare, before our elderly receive their checks, and before our troops re-ceive their salaries. 
This whole bill is a sign of misplaced 
priorities. There are countless issues that Americans have called on us to address that we need to tackle to en-sure this country remains healthy and strong, yet this is a bill the Repub-licans have chosen to bring to the floor. This is a bill that you have cho-sen to bring to the floor. 
At least now we know. We know this 
Congress is not serious about paying our Nation’s bills because, under this bill, we resort to having the U.S. file, in essence, a bankruptcy. Filing for bankruptcy and walking away from debt obligations may work for Donald Trump, but it doesn’t work for middle class Americans. Average Americans who work hard to pay their bills and live up to their financial obligations— and that includes American veterans and seniors—the Republicans would have waiting in line for their VA bene-fits behind Chinese bankers. 
I cannot support a measure that puts 
China above our veterans, above our seniors, and above our servicemembers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield an additional 1 
minute to the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Madam Speaker, if 
you ask the American people, ‘‘Who should be paid first, these guys or these guys?’’ I suggest they would agree with us. These guys should get paid first. 
Oppose this Pay China First Act, and 
let’s keep America first. 
Let me also add this, Madam Speak-
er. 
Have you ever heard of dine and 
ditch? This is the biggest dine and ditch I have ever heard of. When I was a kid, some of my friends wanted to go to restaurants, eat as much as they 
could, and then run out before they paid their bill, and I would never let them do that. I felt it was immoral. That is exactly what we are suggesting we do today. 
Who got stuck paying for that bill? 
The waitress. Who is the waitress in this case? The American people. The American people, they get stuck when you dine and ditch on them. Even sug-gesting for a moment that we may not pay our debt and that we may default sends the wrong message to America. It sends the wrong message to the world. 
Defeat this measure. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), another very 
distinguished member of our com-mittee. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong oppo-sition to the Pay China First Act. I am truly shocked that the Republican leadership is advancing a bill that ap-proves America defaulting on its debt. 
This is a dangerous action that jeop-
ardizes the full faith and credit of our Nation. It also jeopardizes the well- being of millions of our most vulner-able citizens. 
I cannot support a bill that would 
tell my constituents that repaying our debt to foreign countries is more im-portant than paying their salaries for military service or paying their dis-ability benefits or providing them stu-dent loans. 
How can I tell small businesses in Il-
linois that repaying our debt to a for-eign government is more important than paying them for providing goods and services to our government? How can I tell Illinois doctors and hospitals that we can pay China for lending us money, but we cannot pay them for taking care of our elderly? 
The Council of Economic Advisers es-
timated that the 2013 debt limit stand-off and shutdown cost us 120,000 jobs, and the GAO estimated that it resulted in $70 million in increased borrowing cost on securities issued during the last crisis. 
The 2013 debt limit fiasco already 
damaged our economic recovery, yet the Republican leadership insists yet again on a path to harm our national economy and well-being simply for po-litical posturing. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
shameful bill that says that debt to foreign countries is more important than our citizens. 
We should protect our economy. Pass 
a clean bill to raise our debt ceiling. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Madam Speaker, I 
know that this great Hall has become a national gallery for hyperbole, but I think the opponents of this measure have taken it to a whole new level. Pay China first, what xenophobic nonsense. 
China holds about 7 percent of our 
debt. Most of our debt is owed to Amer-icans, much of it in pension funds and debts to Social Security pensioners. 
If we don’t maintain our credit, we 
can’t meet any of our other obliga-tions, including our troops in the field. And if there is even a suggestion that our sovereign debt is not absolutely se-cure, we could see a spike in interest costs that will take money away from the very programs that the Democrats say they are trying to defend. That is the reality of it. 
This is a question over whether we 
should guarantee the sovereign debt of the United States, and I would ask 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.060 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7060 October 21, 2015 
again: Why is it and how is it that my 
friends on the Democratic side of the aisle can get wildly enthusiastic about taxpayers being forced to guarantee loans to foreign corporations, foreign governments, or domestic special in-terests and yet not be willing to guar-antee the full faith and credit of the United States simply by allowing the Treasury Secretary to continue to bor-row to meet our interest and principal payments if we should ever reach a point where the debt limit has been reached? 
It is the debate over the debt limit 
that tends to roil markets. We are going to meet our debt obligations, but that debate that is required to review the policies that are driving our debt is what roils those markets. 
This calms that debate. This assures 
everyone who makes loans to the Fed-eral Government that their loans are secure. This keeps our interest costs down, and it guarantees the credit of the United States that is necessary to meet all of our other obligations. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, as I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, this is an amazing 
debate. The gentleman from California talks about guaranteeing. So you guar-antee payments to foreign debt hold-ers. You won’t guarantee payments to our veterans or to kids with school lunches. You won’t guarantee pay-ments to people who are doing medical research. You won’t guarantee that. 
So here is the problem: you are pro-
ceeding on a very partisan basis on a bill that is going nowhere. 
You say we need to raise the debt 
ceiling. We will, and we are going to do it long before there is any consider-ation of the details about which you speak. 
b1545 
You talk about the need to control 
spending. We are going to pass a debt ceiling. The disturbing thing is you come here on a partisan basis when there is a crying need for bipartisan-ship. The only way the debt ceiling can be raised is bipartisan, and you come here today strictly partisan. 
That is a bad omen because, in addi-
tion to the debt ceiling, there is the continuing resolution. We have also the Medicare premium issue that looms in a few days. We have a high-way bill that looms in a few days. The only way they are going to be resolved is on a bipartisan basis. You come here with a bill that won’t get, I think, a single Democratic vote, and you know it, and yet your leadership sanctions you to do this. 
What does that mean for the future? 
It is deeply troubling. This is dema-goguery. It is an effort maybe to gain a few more Republican votes, but this is too important for that. It is not pol-icy, as I said before. It is a ploy. When it comes to issues like this, it should 
be beyond that kind of gamesmanship. 
In this sense, it is kind of sad you are 
doing this. It raises questions as to where your leadership is going to take this institution in the future, when al-ready on your side the public has such deep disbelief in what you are doing. It is too late to ask you to pull back. I urged that to your leadership some time ago. I guess we are going to go forth. It is a frightful mistake to be doing it this way. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will remind Members that re-marks in debate must be addressed to the Chair and not to others in the sec-ond person. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Congress still has a great deal of 
work to do to rein in spending. While conversations to reduce Federal spend-ing continue, we must also continue to pay down our existing debt. The De-fault Prevention Act before us today provides a responsible way to deal with our debt crisis and protect the full faith and credit of the United States. 
As we all know, if the U.S. defaulted 
on a debt payment, it would do serious harm to the economy and to the hard-working Americans who make this country great. This bill ensures that, even if the debt limit is reached, the U.S. Treasury would not default on our existing obligations to pay down the debt. 
Again, this legislation does not in-
crease the debt limit. Instead, it actu-ally prevents Treasury from issuing new debt to pay for any new spending unless Congress passes a law to in-crease the debt limit, a conversation for another day. 
This bill, guaranteeing our debt, 
makes it possible to pay all the bills that the minority claims to want paid. This bill takes the important step of ensuring that Social Security benefits are paid in full and on time. This legis-lation is a commonsense measure that will protect our Nation’s credit and in-tegrity. 
Once again, I strongly urge my col-
leagues to support it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam Speaker, I 
stand in opposition to H.R. 692, the so-called Default Prevention Act. 
Raising the national debt limit is a basic re-
sponsibility of government which ensures America will be able to pay its bills. If we do not raise the debt limit, our nation will default for the first time in its history. Americans’ re-tirement savings will plunge, and interest rates for mortgages, student loans, credit cards, and car payments will skyrocket. 
That is why the American people and the 
American economy need a clean debt limit ex-tension bill that meets all of our financial obli-gations, not just a few of them. Sadly, the Ma-jority party’s Default Prevention Act does not meet this basic standard. Their bill would guarantee payments above 
the debt limit to bond holders in China and other foreign countries, without consideration for meeting our obligations to the American people, including troops, veterans, and small businesses. That is irresponsible and wrong. 
Taking care of our veterans, troops, and 
small businesses should be our priority, not guaranteeing payments to China and our other bond holders. This legislation is the Majority’s cynical attempt to pass a debt limit bill and say the House is being responsible. The truth is it is not an honest attempt to address the debt limit. The Majority’s bill is a sham. Our nation will be in default if we miss any pay-ment for any reason. And the Majority knows the bill will not become law, because the President will veto it if it reaches his desk. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this point-
less Default Prevention Act, and-pass a clean debt limit extension bill that fulfills our obliga-tions to the American, people, avoids eco-nomic catastrophe, and truly honors the full faith and credit of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 480, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL REPORT 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3116) to extend by 15 years the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. 
The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON DATA SECURITY PROCE-
DURES OF THE BUREAU OF THE CEN-SUS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Commerce shall 
conduct a review of the data security procedures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.062 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7061 October 21, 2015 
of the Bureau of the Census, including such 
procedures that have been implemented since the data breaches of systems of the Office of Personnel Management were announced in 2015. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report on the review re-quired by subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall— 
(A) identify all information systems of the Bu-
reau of the Census that contain sensitive infor-mation; 
(B) described any actions carried out by the 
Secretary of Commerce or the Director of the Bureau of the Census to secure sensitive infor-mation that have been implemented since the data breaches of systems of the Office of Per-sonnel Management were announced in 2015; 
(C) identify any known data breaches of in-
formation systems of the Bureau of the Census that contain sensitive information; and 
(D) identify whether the Bureau of the Cen-
sus stores any information that, if combined with other such information, would comprise classified information. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ (during the reading). 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the original request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to submit for the R
ECORD a letter from John Thomp-
son, Director of the Census Bureau, to Chairman M
CCAUL, myself, and others, 
indicating the Bureau will comply with FISMA when developing the report re-quired by H.R. 3116 and will continue to work with the Secretary of Homeland Security and others to secure the Bu-reau’s network. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. 
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF  
COMMERCE , ECONOMICS AND STA-
TISTICS ADMINISTRATION , U.S. 
CENSUS BUREAU , 
Washington, DC, October 20, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : This correspondence 
is regarding the U.S. Census Bureau’s com-pliance with the Federal Information Secu-rity Management Act (FISMA) and the pro-visions of Senate Amendment (S. Admt.) 2710 to H.R. 3116. The Census Bureau is compliant at this time with the requirements of FISMA, and is working with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide information on the data security procedures required by S. Admt. 2710. 
We have implemented a formal risk man-
agement program in accordance with the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology 
(NIST) Special Publication 800–37r1. All of the FISMA reportable systems supporting the Census Bureau are continually assessed per this guidance and all have a current Au-thorization to Operate. In addition, the Cen-sus Bureau is currently behind a Managed Trusted Internet Protocol Service (MTIPS) provider and is protected by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Einstein 1 and 2, which looks at network flow information and network intrusion detection. The Census Bureau is engaged with DHS and MTIPS pro-vider to move behind Einstein 3 Accelerated (E3A) as soon as the DHS and our MTIPS say they are ready. This will give us the added cybersecurity analysis, situational aware-ness and security response capabilities for DHS to augment our efforts. 
The Census Bureau also is actively engaged 
with the Department of Commerce to imple-ment Phase 2C of the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) program by the end of calendar year 2016. This will provide us the capability to identify cyberse-curity risks more efficiently and prioritize the risks based on potential impacts. The initial meeting with DHS and the service provider took place on October 15. 2015. The Census Bureau reports regularly on this and other aspects of its cybersecurity program to the Department of Commerce, Office of Man-agement and Budget, and DHS. 
Please know that the security of our re-
spondents’ information is paramount at the Census Bureau. We take seriously our re-sponsibility to honor privacy and protect confidentiality. We will continue to work with the Department of Commerce and DHS to implement effective data security proce-dures and ensure compliance with FISMA re-quirements. 
Thank you. 
J
OHNH. T HOMPSON , 
Director. 
f 
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY 
AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 10. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 480 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 10. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1552 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to re-authorize the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
OLDING in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Utah (Mr. 
CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from 
the District of Columbia (Ms. N ORTON ) 
each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results, or SOAR, Reau-thorization Act. 
The SOAR Reauthorization Act con-
tinues the three-sector approach to education within the District of Co-lumbia. This approach gives equal funding to D.C. Public Schools, D.C. Public Charter Schools, and the Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program, often re-ferred to as the OSP. 
The OSP gives scholarships to chil-
dren in low-income families to attend a private school so that those children can experience a quality education. The average OSP family makes less than $22,000 per year. These scholar-ships allow families to place their chil-dren in learning-rich environments. 
District of Columbia Public Schools 
rank at the top in spending per stu-dent, but are near the bottom in aca-demic performance. The Opportunity Scholarship Program gives these stu-dents the education they deserve so they can pursue the American Dream. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 10 works not only 
to provide scholarships to students who need them the most, but also to im-prove the current state of public school and public charter school education. This bill authorizes equal funding for D.C. Public Schools and for D.C. Public Charter Schools in addition to the Op-portunity scholarships. 
My friends across the aisle claim 
that the SOAR Act takes money away from public education. However, that is quite the opposite. The SOAR Act in-creases funding for public education in the District of Columbia. 
In fact, since the three-sector ap-
proach has been in effect, D.C. Public Schools and D.C. Public Charter Schools have received a combined $435 million in Federal funding for school improvement. 
Mr. Chairman, the District of Colum-
bia schools would not have received these funds had it not been for the OSP and this three-sector approach. Now we are debating reauthorizing this ap-proach and giving $20 million annually to each sector for 5 years, $300 million across 5 years for D.C. education. 
It is hard to imagine how anyone who 
advocates for public education would oppose such an approach that has poured millions of dollars into the D.C. public education system, particularly since the OSP is getting a great return on its investment and is producing re-sults. The OSP produces $2.62 in bene-fits for every dollar spent on the pro-gram, according to a study conducted by one of the program’s evaluators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.026 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7062 October 21, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, you would be hard 
pressed to find another government program that generates this sort of re-sult and bang for your buck. We are talking about a 162 percent return on investment here, an investment that has not taken one dime from public education. 
Mr. Chairman, it is good stuff. We 
talk about how to keep this program going because it is really affecting real people and real lives. We talk about the individual students and their families, but it is also borne out in the statis-tics. 
The Opportunity Scholarship stu-
dents are averaging a 90 percent grad-uation rate—90 percent—compared to D.C. Public Schools, which was roughly less than a 60 percent graduation rate in 2013 and 2014. 
Further, some 88 percent of the Op-
portunity Scholarship participants en-roll in college. Not only are they grad-uating high school at record levels above and beyond what is happening in public schools, but they are also going on to higher education. 
These children, though, are more 
than a graduation statistic. Their indi-vidual lives have been forever changed because of the OSP. 
I want to remind our colleagues 
about Joseph Kelley’s son, Rashawn Williams. He had fallen behind in every single subject. His father had to get the courts involved to ensure that his school was following its requirements pursuant to Rashawn’s individual edu-cation plan. Mr. Kelley was able to get Rashawn a scholarship through the Op-portunity Scholarship Program and has said: ‘‘I truly shudder to think where my son would be today without it.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, the OSP is changing 
outcomes for the least advantaged. The program places kids in safer high-qual-ity schools that allow them to receive a good education. It brings funding to all sectors of education in D.C. to im-prove education opportunities for all. 
Mr. Chairman, it is important to 
note that the bill requires all partici-pating Opportunity Scholarship schools to be accredited. The accredita-tion standards give the taxpayer—and, more importantly, Opportunity Schol-
arship families—assurances that Dis-trict students are receiving the edu-cation they deserve. 
The Opportunity Scholarship cur-
rently limits entrance based on a con-trol group for an evaluation study. H.R. 10 removes this arbitrary require-ment, instituting a new study to track the results of the Opportunity Scholar-ships. Removing this barrier to entry increases access to the program and means more families can be afforded quality education for their children. 
Mr. Chairman, we had the oppor-
tunity to debate this bill in the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform, and I appreciate the perspec-tives heard from both sides. We had a good, productive field hearing. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Ohio (Mr. B
OEHNER ), the Speaker of the House, our friend and colleague, for au-
thoring this legislation. He has poured his heart and soul out, trying to do what he can do to help these young children. It has had a very positive ef-fect on so many lives and in future gen-erations. It is something we can all be proud about. 
He has worked tirelessly to bring op-
portunity to students within the Dis-trict of Columbia, and he will be re-membered by this body for his effort to bring a quality education to all. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legisla-tion. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to give students in the District of Co-lumbia the opportunity for a quality education by reauthorizing a program that actually works and produces re-sults. It affects real lives. It is called the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I didn’t really expect 
to be on the floor this afternoon man-aging this bill. Ironically, I was sched-uled to host a briefing today for Mem-bers and staff on the constitutionality of the District of Columbia statehood bill, where I was going to show a 17- minute HBO ‘‘Last Week Tonight’’ clip from John Oliver that lampoons the Congress for denying District residents their voting rights, budget and legisla-tive autonomy, and statehood. 
Instead, here I am on the floor in a 
virtual reality show not speaking about the right to self-government, but fighting this latest attempt by the Re-publican Congress to impose its ide-ology on D.C. residents. 
b1600 
I ask to include the D.C. Council’s 
letter opposing this bill in the R
ECORD . 
COUNCIL OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , 
Washington, DC, October 8, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairperson, Committee on Oversight & Govern-
ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
C
HAIRPERSON CHAFFETZ : We write as lo-
cally elected officials to express our opposi-tion to renewed efforts to expand a federally funded school voucher program in the Dis-trict of Columbia. We appreciate your inter-est in providing support to public education in the District. We strongly believe, how-ever, that federal funds should be invested in the existing public education system—both public schools and public charter schools— rather than being diverted to private schools. 
We support the decision by Congress and 
the President several years ago to phase out the voucher program. Multiple U.S. Depart-ment of Education reports indicate that the program has not lived up to the promises made by proponents. These studies along with two troubling Government Account-ability Office reports have also revealed that many of the students participating in the voucher program attend private schools with fewer resources and lower standards than our public schools. The evidence is clear that the use of vouchers has had no statistically sig-nificant impact on overall student achieve-
ment in math or reading, or for students from schools in need of improvement. 
We have serious concerns about using gov-
ernment funds to send our students to pri-vate schools that do not have to adhere to the same standards and accountability as do public and public charter schools. For exam-ple, private religious schools, which 80% of students with vouchers attend, operate out-side the non-discrimination provisions of the D.C. Human Rights Act. Moreover, the voucher proposal is inequitable: if fully fund-ed, the authorization would provide many more dollars per student for vouchers than is allocated per student in public schools and public charter schools. 
Although we believe that students who are 
already receiving a voucher should have the opportunity to maintain and use that vouch-er through graduation from high school, we do not support expansion of the program to new students. The District devotes consider-able funds to public education, and our local policies promote choice for parents. Indeed, over the past decade the quality of public education in D.C. has increased, as a result of reforms and targeted investment. Fami-lies can choose from an array of educational institutions based on publicly available per-formance metrics, both within the D.C. Pub-lic Schools system and among the myriad public charter schools. Secretary of Edu-cation Arne Duncan has called the progress of D.C. Public Schools ‘‘remarkable’’, while the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools has ranked the District’s charter sector as the best in the country. 
Despite such ample evidence that the Con-
gressionally imposed voucher program is in-effective, while D.C. public schools improve every year, some members of Congress con-tinue to see our city as their personal petri dish. It is insulting to our constituents, who vote for us but not for any voting member of Congress, that some of your colleagues push their personal agendas on D.C. in a way they could never do in their home states. Attack-ing D.C. home rule, including any expansion of the voucher program, is irresponsible gov-erning on the part of Congress. 
We call on you to respect the wishes of the 
District’s elected officials on the quintessentially local matter of education as you consider this issue. 
Sincerely, 
David Grosso, DC Council, At-Large, 
Chairperson Committee on Education; Charles Allen, DC Council, Ward 6, Member, Committee on Education; LaRuby May, DC Council, Ward 8; Elissa Silverman, DC Council, At- Large; Anita Bonds, DC Council, At- Large, Member, Committee on Edu-cation; Yvette Alexander, DC Council, Ward 7, Member, Committee on Edu-cation; Brianne Nadeau, DC Council, Ward 1; Jack Evans, DC Council, Ward 2. 
Ms. NORTON. Yet, Mr. Chairman, I 
have sought a compromise that should be acceptable to Republicans, as it is to President Obama. 
We support, and I repeat, we support 
allowing our current D.C. voucher stu-dents to remain in the program until graduation. That ensures D.C. would have voucher students for many years to come. 
That is the kind of sensible com-
promise that Congress must get back to or be content with the label ‘‘least productive Congress,’’ as it has come to be known each year under this major-ity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.067 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7063 October 21, 2015 
This bill goes beyond the com-
promise, we have offered, by seeking to admit new students as well. We are here so that Speaker J
OHN BOEHNER  
has a capstone to his own political ca-reer. The D.C. voucher program is his pet project, not D.C.’s. The Speaker has introduced only two bills this Con-gress: a bill on the Iran nuclear agree-ment and this bill. 
Even if Members do not respect 
D.C.’s right to self-government, they should at least care whether the pro-gram improves achievement, which was the stated reason for vouchers in the first place. Far from helping students, however, the program has demon-strably failed. 
According to the congressionally 
mandated evaluation of the program’s effectiveness, this program, these vouchers, have failed to improve aca-demic achievement, as measured by ob-jective math and reading testing scores. 
Most importantly, the program has 
not had significant impacts—that is also from the congressionally man-dated evaluation—has not had ‘‘signifi-cant impacts’’ on the achievement of students whom the program was de-signed to most benefit: those who pre-viously attended low-performing public schools. 
The majority cites improved high 
school graduation rates. However, the evaluation did not examine dropout rates or the rigor of the schools’ cur-riculum or graduation requirements. 
The majority also cites high college 
attendance rates. However, the evalua-tion did not measure college attend-ance rates. 
Even if the program were successful, 
Mr. Chairman, it would still not be needed, at least in the District of Co-lumbia, which has perhaps the most ro-bust public school choice program in the country. Almost 50 percent of our public school students attend charter schools, which the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools ranked as the strongest in the Nation. In addi-tion, 75 percent of public school stu-dents in the District attend out-of- boundary schools. What D.C. has devel-oped amounts to a model choice edu-cation program. 
Moreover, the D.C. public schools 
have made some of the most impressive improvements in the country, by any measure, spurred by competition from the rapidly growing D.C. charter schools, not from the small number of voucher schools. In fact, a 2013 assess-ment of D.C. public schools indicated that the District had made the greatest improvement of any urban school dis-trict in the Nation. 
D.C. charter schools have even higher 
educational achievement and attain-ment than D.C. public schools. D.C. charter schools outperform D.C. public schools across traditionally disadvan-taged groups, including African Ameri-cans and low-income students, and have a higher percentage of such stu-dents, precisely the students the voucher program was ostensibly de-
signed to serve. 
Greater confidence in D.C.’s public 
schools is also clear. D.C. public school enrollment has increased for 7 consecu-tive years, right alongside the very large number of charter schools. 
If Congress wants to support D.C. 
students, we ask that you support our home rule public choice, not impose yours. Any new funding for education in the District should reinforce the hard work of our city, our parents, and our residents, who have shown the Na-tion how to build a fully accountable public school choice program. D.C. residents, not unaccountable Members of Congress, know best what our chil-dren need and how to govern our own affairs. 
During this debate, Mr. Chairman, we 
will consider an amendment I have of-fered to restore the scientific integrity of the program’s evaluation, one like the evaluation Congress has always mandated, and another to crack down on so-called voucher mills. 
Given that the Speaker’s bill will 
surely pass, I want to work with Mem-bers who support vouchers to ensure that our voucher students attend high- quality schools, like our accredited Catholic and other parochial schools, not fly-by-night, often storefront schools in low-income neighborhoods that were opened only after the vouch-er program was created to get access to unrestricted Federal funds. 
I appreciate that the majority indi-
cated in committee and on the floor that they also want to prevent voucher mills. I look forward to continuing to work with them as this bill moves for-ward to protect our families from voucher mills. 
Under the Home Rule Act of 1973, 
Congress gave the District authority to establish its own education system; and unlike some other local jurisdic-tions, D.C. has never created a voucher program. Instead, like many D.C. bills in Congress, this bill seeks to impose a program on the District that does not have national support. 
Just think of it. Only 3 months ago, 
both the House and Senate defeated Republican national private voucher amendments on the floor. Members re-ject private school vouchers for their own constituents but want to impose them on mine. No wonder. 
Since 1970, every single referendum 
to establish State-funded vouchers or tuition tax credits has failed, and by large margins. Now the majority wants to do to the District what it would not dare do at home. The recent vote to deny voucher funding on a national level shows where Republicans really stand. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chair-
man for this opportunity. 
Mr. Chairman, I come to the floor 
today, after looking in the eyes of the kids, students, their parents, eyes 
filled with hope and opportunity and success. 
I come to the floor today to add my 
support for H.R. 10, the SOAR Reau-thorization Act, because it works. This legislation will ensure the continu-ation of the successful D.C. Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program, which was established by Congress in 2004, to provide eligible low-income families in the District of Columbia with the op-portunity to attend the school of their choice. 
Innovative programs like the D.C. 
Opportunity Scholarship Program are necessary to fix our broken educational system and prepare our children for the 21st century workforce, and I am con-founded that any of my colleagues would oppose a program that provides students with an opportunity for a bet-ter education, especially one that has been an unqualified success. 
On average, students in the Oppor-
tunity Scholarship Program have a graduation rate of 90 percent, well above the national average, as well as D.C.’s overall graduation rate of 58 per-cent. These students continue to suc-ceed in their pursuit of higher edu-cation, with 88 percent of the graduates going on to attend a 2- or 4-year college or university. 
While the benefits to D.C. children 
are clear, the program also plays an important role in empowering parents to make the best choice for their kids and engaging them in their educational and academic progress. A recent survey of parents found that 85 percent of par-ents are happy with their child’s cur-rent Opportunity Scholarship Program school. 
H.R. 10 has garnered the support from 
a wide array of stakeholders. Just yes-terday, in an op-ed entitled ‘‘A Mis-guided Attack on D.C.’s Needy Stu-dents,’’ The Washington Post editorial board defended the SOAR Act and wrote in support of reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, noting that over 6,100 children have benefited from the program, while thousands more are on waiting lists. 
The Washington Post also notes that 
nearly 75 percent of D.C. residents sup-port the program, which has provided more than $600 million in funding for traditional public schools, charter pub-lic schools, and the voucher program. 
It is important to note, Mr. Chair-
man, that this bill does not take any funding away from D.C. public schools. In fact, the legislation authorizes equal funding to public schools, charter 
schools, and scholarships. 
With an average family income of 
less than $22,000 for participating fami-lies, this program really is a lifeline for low-income D.C. families, offering stu-dents up to $1,572 to pay for tuition, fees, and transportation. Why, Mr. Chairman, would any of us want to pro-hibit these students and families from opportunity and success? 
This is a hand up to the American 
Dream. Ensuring our children have ac-cess to the best possible education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.082 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7064 October 21, 2015 
should not be a partisan issue, and re-
ceiving a quality education should not be limited to people of means. 
I urge my colleagues to continue sup-
porting this program and pass H.R. 10. It is the right thing to do. Let’s do it for the kids. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I simply want to say, once again, 
that no child currently enrolled in the program under the compromise that I have offered would be stricken from the program and all current voucher students could stay until graduation. It is new students that we object to, given the evaluation that shows that the program had not met its goal, which was to improve reading and math scores. By contrast, we have had 
improvement in reading and math scores both in the D.C. public schools and the D.C. charter schools. 
Also, Mr. Chairman, there is no wait-
ing list for vouchers in the District of Columbia. However, there are long waiting lists for our charter schools, and now, even for some public schools. 
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). 
b1615 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlewoman from D.C. 
Mr. Chair, it is extremely unfortu-
nate that we are here yet again debat-ing legislation that would interfere with the ability of D.C. residents to make decisions for themselves. So far this Congress, the House has attempted to block laws that would protect Dis-trict women’s reproductive rights and reform Washington’s drug laws. And now we are asked to continue a failed private school voucher program, a pro-gram that a majority of the D.C. Coun-cil opposes and on which they are not even consulted, a program that D.C.’s own longtime Congresswoman opposes. 
I am shocked at the arrogance of this 
body to set aside the will of the citi-zens of the District of Columbia so fleetingly. It is disgraceful that in this building, a symbol of our democracy, we impose such policies on a city that does not even get a vote on these deci-sions. 
Additionally, I oppose this bill be-
cause it weakens D.C.’s public school system. Instead of taking public dol-lars to outsource our children’s edu-cation to private schools, we should be focusing on truly reauthorizing the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act. We need an updated ESEA that strengthens public schools for all our children and prepares students for the globally competitive world we live in. 
Education should be the great equal-
izer, and every student should have ac-cess to the best education, regardless of their ZIP Code or their socio-economic status. There are public schools in this country that are among the very best in the world. I am proud that several of them are in my district. 
Mr. Chair, we know that public 
schools can work when we properly support them; but, unfortunately, for 
certain communities, far too many schools continue to struggle due to lack of resources on one hand and re-lentless attempts to undermine them on the other. Private vouchers only further perpetuate these inequities by siphoning additional resources for few students while leaving the rest behind in underfunded public schools. 
In our global economy, it is more es-
sential than ever that every child re-ceives a quality education. To do that, our public schools need adequate re-sources. Diverting public money to pri-vate and parochial schools only wors-ens the problem. 
I support access to a world-class pub-
lic education for all students; but too often, the majority in this body under-cut that goal, whether through the so- called Student Success Act that leaves students in a lurch or today’s SOAR bill that sorely misses the point. 
I urge my colleagues to listen to the 
people of the District of Columbia and their elected representative, Ms. N
OR-
TON. Most importantly, listen to the 
teachers and the parents who oppose this bill, and reject this legislation. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the 
chairman of the Republican Policy Committee. 
Mr. MESSER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in support today of 
H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
I want to commend Speaker B
OEHNER  
for introducing this important legisla-tion and thank him for a lifetime of ex-traordinary leadership on this issue. Throughout his speakership and under his leadership as a former chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, Speaker B
OEHNER  
improved educational opportunities for all students. Literally thousands of kids have access to the American Dream because of his dedication to the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. As chairman of the Congressional School Choice Caucus, I was honored to have Speaker B
OEHNER keynote a rally 
earlier this year with hundreds of Op-portunity Scholarship recipients. 
I have to tell you, I am amazed at 
some of the rhetoric that I have been hearing today, talking about it is dis-graceful that this legislation is before you. 
I will tell you what is disgraceful. It 
is disgraceful that any child in Amer-ica has to go to a terrible school, and it is disgraceful that anyone would say that we should do anything but make sure that every one of these kids has an opportunity to go somewhere where they will have a chance to succeed. 
Every child deserves equal access to 
a great education. Lots of kids have great public school options in America. Other families can afford to send their kids to private school if they don’t have a great public school option. This debate today is about what we do for 
those who don’t. 
Unfortunately, too many kids in our 
country have their destiny determined by their ZIP Code. These children are stuck in poorly performing schools, and their parents feel powerless to do anything about it. 
That is why education choice and the 
Opportunity Scholarship Program mat-ter. Programs like D.C. OSP allow par-ents to choose the best educational en-vironment for their child. The freedom provided by school choice levels the playing field and helps ensure all chil-dren have a chance to succeed. 
This legislation will continue to 
bring greater educational opportunities to the most underprivileged students in the District of Columbia, and it takes zero—let me repeat that—zero dollars away from D.C. Public Schools. Be-cause of this legislation, more than 6,000 students have had the opportunity to attend a great school. Even better, an incredible 90 percent of D.C. OSP students graduate from high school. The D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Pro-gram is clearly a success and needs to continue. 
Mr. Chair, I hope for a day when we 
will be talking about even bolder pro-posals on this floor, because the truth is we already have school choice in America if you can afford it. The only real question is: What are we going to do for everybody else? 
Our Founding Fathers wrote in the 
Declaration of Independence that all men are created equal and endowed 
with certain unalienable rights. In modern America, the pursuit of happi-ness comes on the back of a quality education. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I want to 
remind the gentleman that the $100 million doesn’t come out of the air, that this majority is cutting $2 billion from K–12. Most of our children are K– 12. That money has to come from some-where. We know it comes from edu-cation funds. 
I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-
position to H.R. 10, legislation that would reauthorize the D.C. private school voucher program. 
This bill prioritizes an ideological 
agenda over the rights of D.C. residents to self-govern and, more importantly, over the rights of all students to get a quality education. 
In study after study, the voucher pro-
gram has failed to show any meaning-ful improvement in student achieve-ment, safety, satisfaction, motivation, or engagement; yet since 2003, it has received nearly $190 million while fail-ing to adhere to basic accountability standards. 
Its funding should be dedicated to 
improving our underfunded and underresourced public school system, a school system that is required by law to serve all students. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.068 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7065 October 21, 2015 
Unlike public schools, private schools 
receiving voucher students have no re-quirement to serve all students. Spe-cifically, they are able to—and do—re-ject students based on prior academic achievement, language ability, socio-economic background, and other dis-criminatory factors. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof 
Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. NORTON. I am pleased to yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. TAKANO. Many do not offer the 
necessary services for students with disabilities. 
It is a mistake to continue funding a 
program that fails to serve all stu-dents, damages the public school sys-tem, and disregards the District’s right to choose its own education policy. 
I thank the gentlewoman from D.C. 
for yielding me the time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire as to how much time each side has. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah has 17 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 14 minutes remaining. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I love 
America. America should be number one, and America’s capital should be number one. 
I love to talk to immigrants who do 
so much of the work in our Capital City. They all know America is great. They gush about how anybody can work in America and realize the Amer-ican Dream. 
But when I ask about their kids and 
where they go to school, they almost uniformly send their kids to Maryland or Virginia schools. Even immigrants who can barely speak English and come from Afghanistan, Pakistan, Eritrea, or Nigeria know that D.C. schools mean stay away. How embarrassing for our country that new immigrants who barely speak English view our Nation’s Capital schools with contempt. 
Finally, President Obama, we love 
you and Michelle for the love you show your daughters. You show your love for your daughters by spending some of your substantial salary to keep your daughters out of the D.C. Public Schools. Please, President Obama, show a little love for the children who don’t have such wealthy parents and sign the SOAR Act. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I just want 
to tell the gentleman that the so-called immigrants that he speaks to who send their children to schools in Maryland and Virginia live in Maryland and Vir-ginia. Eighty percent of the jobs in the District of Columbia go to people who live in the suburbs. 
As to the schools in the District of 
Columbia, as I have indicated, there are waiting lines to get into almost all the charter schools, and the D.C. public schools have improved so much that 
some of them also have waiting lines. 
I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ), our very distinguished ranking 
member. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I thank the gentle-
woman from the District of Columbia for yielding and for her leadership. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition 
to H.R. 10. We have been told that the purpose of this bill is to help all D.C. children get a better education. I strongly support that objective, but this bill does not do that. 
Let me be crystal clear: public funds 
should support public education. But this bill proposes to spend more than $100 million over 5 years to fund vouch-ers to send public school students in the District of Columbia to private schools while House Republicans are proposing to cut $2 billion from public K–12 education nationally. 
Coming from the city of Baltimore, I 
understand firsthand the complexities of turning around struggling inner-city schools. Almost 10 years ago, I became deeply involved in improving one of my own neighborhood schools—and I am still involved in that—the Maritime In-dustries Academy High School. 
It takes vision, commitment, ac-
countability, and, yes, resources to begin the process of turning troubled schools around. However, it is impos-sible to turn around public schools if we divert public resources to private schools. 
Put simply, H.R. 10 attempts to help 
a few students at the expense of the vast majority of the District’s chil-dren. 
By dividing the funding it would pro-
vide among D.C.’s public schools, pub-lic charter schools, and private school vouchers, H.R. 10 provides a third of its total funding to a tiny fraction of the District’s students. Specifically, the bill would fund vouchers to enable only 1,442 students—a tiny fraction of the District’s 47,548 students—to attend private schools. 
The lack of equity is stunning. Our 
focus should be on maximizing the im-pact of the Federal Government’s lim-ited resources to serve all of the Dis-trict’s students. 
Since this bill last passed in 2011 over 
my strong objection and along party lines, studies of the program have dem-onstrated that the use of a voucher had no effect on academic achievement, as measured by math and reading scores, school safety, student satisfaction with their school, or motivation and engage-ment. 
Previous studies of this program 
show that 50 percent of the students from the first two cohorts of the D.C. voucher program eventually dropped out of the program. Students in the program are also less likely to attend a school that offers support programs for those that are academically challenged or have learning difficulties. 
In addition, this bill is a direct as-
sault on D.C.’s home rule that was rushed through our committee shortly 
after Speaker B
OEHNER announced his 
retirement, and the bill is not sup-ported by D.C.’s elected representative in Congress or a majority of the D.C. City Council. 
So all the rhetoric justifying massive 
cuts to education funding—all the talk about budget constraints, about tight-ening our belts, and about making sac-rifices—all that goes out the window when Republicans want to give $100 million in taxpayer funds to private schools. 
b1630 
As a graduate of public schools and a 
longtime advocate of quality public education, I believe our highest pri-ority must be to use limited taxpayer dollars to support programs that will truly meet the educational needs of all of our children. This bill does not do that. I urge our colleagues to reject H.R. 10. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I am pleased to yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE), the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Education and the Work-force. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Chairman C
HAFFETZ for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthoriza-tion Act. It is a bill to continue the popular and successful D.C. Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program. 
This program is based on the simple 
notion that every child deserves an ex-cellent education regardless of the family’s background, income, or ZIP Code. The program provides scholar-ships to students in low-income fami-lies so they can escape underper-forming schools and receive the quality education they need to excel both in the classroom and later in life. Our in-
vestment in this effort is paying off. 
Last year, 90 percent of 12th graders 
who received a D.C. Opportunity schol-arship graduated from a high-quality school, and 88 percent went on to pur-sue a college degree. What is more, when asked if they were satisfied with the child’s education, 85 percent of the parents responded ‘‘yes.’’ It is no won-der every year the demand for scholar-ships far exceeds the number of schol-arships available. These positive re-sults also explain why this important program has long enjoyed bipartisan support. 
Of course, there are some who don’t 
believe these vulnerable families de-serve the opportunity to do what is best for their children’s education. At a time when this administration has spent billions of dollars pushing its own pet projects and priorities, it has routinely put this modest, successful program on the chopping block. Fortu-nately, Mr. Chairman, a majority in Congress has continued to stand by these students and families by con-tinuing to support the program, and Speaker J
OHN BOEHNER has always 
stood at the forefront of those efforts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.071 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7066 October 21, 2015 
Few have fought harder or longer for 
the educational opportunities of D.C. students than Speaker B
OEHNER . In 
fact, throughout his more than 20 years in public office, J
OHN BOEHNER has 
been a tireless champion for families who simply want the opportunity—any opportunity—for their children to re-ceive a quality education. The D.C. Op-portunity Scholarship Program began under his leadership. Thanks to his ef-forts, this initiative has made a posi-tive difference in the lives of thousands of students across the District. This act reflects his continued commitment to these families. More importantly, it reaffirms a bipartisan commitment to the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Pro-gram and the D.C. schoolchildren it serves. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to help more low-income students and support this legislation. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this morning, a Mem-
ber said that a letter had come from a member of the city council, Anita Bonds, asking that her name be re-moved from the letter sent by the council, the majority of the council, saying that they opposed reauthoriza-tion of this bill. That member has since called me. She writes: 
‘‘Dear Member of Congress, 
‘‘Due to some confusion about my position 
on the District of Columbia voucher bill (H.R. 10), I want to make my position clear. I oppose this bill, and I intend to remain a signatory of the letter previously acknowl-edged that seven of my colleagues on the D.C. Council and I sent to Chairman Jason Chaffetz dated October 8, 2015, in oppostion to the bill.’’ 
Signed, Councilmember At-large, Anita 
Bonds. 
Mr. Chairman, I submit her letter for 
the R ECORD . 
COUNCIL OF THE  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , 
Washington, DC, October 21, 2015. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS , Due to some 
confusion about my position on the District of Columbia school voucher bill (H.R. 10), I 
want to make my position clear. I oppose this bill, and I intend to remain a signatory of the letter previously acknowledged that seven of my colleagues on the D.C. Council and I sent to Chairman Jason Chaffetz dated October 8, 2015, in opposition to the bill. 
Sincerely, 
A
NITA BONDS . 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER .) 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support today of H.R. 10, the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Re-authorization Act. In the 10 months that I have been here, one of the neat things that I have experienced is when we participated in a site visit with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee under Chairman C
HAFFETZ  
earlier this year and had a firsthand opportunity to interact with the kids and families about the success of the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. I was recently reminded just a couple 
weeks ago when I was sitting in the hearing seeing the families, seeing the moms who were just beaming with pride about their children having this special opportunity. In the 2013 and 2014 school year, the Opportunity Scholarship Program had a graduation rate of 89 percent, which is astonishing compared to the D.C. Public Schools graduation rate of 58 percent. 
As a former minister, I have taken 
groups in the heart of the inner cities, places like New York and Baltimore. Specifically, in Cleveland, there is a school there called Sunbeam Elemen-tary School. Thieves had stolen the copper off the weathervane, the school was filthy, and there was a metal de-tector for an elementary school. We brought in a team of 60 or 65 people and refurbished the school and did our best. But do you know what? That was only a temporary fix. The SOAR Act is a fix that lasts for a lifetime. It gives schol-arships to children in low-income D.C. families to attend a private school. This piece of legislation also allows parents the opportunity to provide a quality education for their children. 
I believe that education will only be 
successful if two foundational truths are rediscovered: first, that parents know what is best for their child, and they should have the freedom to pursue the path that works for them; sec-ondly, and finally, States must stand up to the Federal Government to re-claim their freedom to educate their children. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, once again, let’s get 
this straight. The control study did not evaluate college attendance. It was not a part of the study. Now, it did evalu-ate graduation rates. Mr. Chairman, what it did not evaluate was dropout rates. 
Private schools are notorious for 
sending back to the District of Colum-bia children who they think are not doing well or they are not acting as they think they should act. Unless we had those figures, we would have no idea what the graduation rates were, because the graduation rates are those who were left in the school and did not get sent back. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I am pleased to yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 10. 
Now, why would I rise in support of 
this? If you hear the rhetoric from the other side, you are saying this is not a program that works; but if you com-pare the results, it does work. When you just hear that only 55 percent of people in D.C. Public Schools graduate from high school and yet if they have an opportunity to go to this other school, 89 percent graduate, my good-ness, what more do you need to under-
stand? 
Look, it is very evident about what is 
going on here. If you want our children to succeed, if you want our children to excel, and if you want America to be able to compete worldwide, then edu-cation is the answer. The true issue here is a moral issue and a civil rights issue. 
I really believe that President 
Obama, in 2008, was on to something. This is what the President said: 
The single most important factor in deter-
mining student achievement is not the color of their skin, it is not where they come from, it is not their parents or how much money their parents have. It is who their teacher is. 
Mr. Chairman, if there is one thing 
that has made this country excep-tional, it is that we have allowed ev-eryone the opportunity to rise from whatever level they started at to what-ever level they can achieve. It is only possible through education. This pro-gram works. 
Mr. Chairman, $60 million is going to 
be equally divided between the D.C. Op-portunity Scholarship Program, D.C. Public Schools, and the D.C. Public Charter Schools. When we give this money to the parents of these children, when they get a chance to see their children excel, when they get a chance to see their children grow, and when they see a chance for their children to have great success, how can we sit in America’s House and debate about is this really what it is all about? 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, Members can keep re-
peating all they want to figures that have come from the air. The only thing evaluated by the congressionally man-dated evaluation was the test scores. Our public school students and our charter school students have to take these tests. These children took these tests. 
Our public school students are doing 
better—not nearly as good as they should—and so are our charter schools. In fact, our charter schools are doing even better than our public school stu-dents, and these students didn’t move at all. That is what the congressionally mandated study showed. 
As to civil rights, these schools are 
exempted from many of the civil rights laws, and for that reason, the Leader-ship Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, and a number of organizations wrote opposing reauthor-ization of this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD .) 
Mr. SANFORD. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, I think that there is 
one fundamental question in this de-bate, and that is: Should a child be trapped in a school that traps them? Should a child be trapped in a school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.073 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7067 October 21, 2015 
that, for whatever reason, isn’t work-
ing for them but would forever limit their capacity and their potential in life? To me, that is what H.R. 10 is all about. 
I think it is important to remember 
that 98 percent of the kids that have entered this program have come from schools that were not performing; and in that regard, this is simply a way out, it is a hand up. I think it fun-damentally recognizes that dignity and worth that comes with giving some-body a choice. 
I think it is something that every 
human being wants, which is simply a choice. I think it is a recognition of the fact that one size never fits all, that God makes us all different, and there-fore a plethora of different choices is vital in the marketplace. 
Finally, it is recognition of the fact 
that the marketplace has the ability to create choices that might take forever in other systems, time that these kids do not have. I would ask that we refocus on the kids. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I don’t know about 
other Members’ districts, but I chal-lenge Members to meet what the Dis-trict of Columbia has done to keep stu-dents from being trapped in bad schools. 
In your districts, can 75 percent of 
the children choose to go to a better performing district? They can in mine. 
In your district, are there 110 pub-
licly accountable charter schools as an alternative to your own traditional public schools? There are in mine. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ). 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman for his leadership in bringing this excellent bill to the floor. This bill—of which, in full disclosure, I am an original cosponsor of—will con-tinue to promote school choice and provide Opportunity scholarships to D.C. students that are most in need, while also expanding D.C. Public Char-ter Schools, therefore providing more opportunities for Washington students to excel and set themselves up for pro-ductive and successful lives. 
Now, to date, the Opportunity Schol-
arship Program has been an edu-cational lifeline for more than 6,000 children from very low-income D.C. families, and more than 16,000 have ap-plied to participate since the 2004–05 school year. Quite simply put, this pro-gram works. 
It is no secret I am a big proponent of 
school choice. As chairman of the Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education Subcommittee, I have heard about the challenges many students in schools are facing, and I firmly believe that when parents have a choice, kids have a chance. This pro-gram, which has helped pave the way for others like it across the country, gives that chance, and it creates a 
healthy competition that causes all schools to improve, therefore helping all students, even those who aren’t in the program. 
As I have seen in my home State of 
Indiana and across this great country touring schools and visiting class-rooms, Opportunity scholarships pro-vide students a hand up in improving their lives, their family’s lives, and their communities. That is why we have a moral obligation to pass this legislation and why I urge my col-leagues to join me and join the others here on the floor in reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
Mr. Chairman, a great education is a 
great equalizer. It opens doors to un-limited possibilities and provides stu-dents the tools that they need to suc-ceed in life. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
b1645 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to support the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthoriza-tion Act. 
Speaker B
OEHNER led the Nation over 
10 years ago when he provided flexi-bility to Washington, D.C., children and their parents through School Choice. I believe that School Choice is paramount to increasing educational gains for all children, but especially our Nation’s students who are most in need. 
The SOAR Act gives scholarships to 
low-income students to attend a pri-vate school, providing them an oppor-tunity to access a quality education that would otherwise be out of reach. 
School Choice has proven to be suc-
cessful in Washington, D.C., as stu-dents using their scholarships have a 90 percent graduation rate compared to the 58 percent graduation rate for D.C. public schools in 2013 and 2014. 
We heard today that these statistics 
have been questioned, and we hope that the public schools are improving. But with this act would they actually be improving? 
I encourage my colleagues to stand 
up for School Choice by supporting the SOAR Act. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would draw our Members’ attention 
to the editorial board comments from yesterday. This is from the Washington Post: A misguided attack on D.C.’s needy students. 
I want to remind people, as they did 
in this document here in this editorial, that eight council members seem un-aware that the program was estab-lished in 2004 at the initiation of the then-D.C. Mayor Anthony Williams, 
who was also supported by the chair-man of the Council’s Education Com-mittee, and it has produced results. 
The graduation rates are amazingly 
good, at roughly 90 percent, compared to D.C. public schools that are less than 60 percent. I think that is strong evidence that it is a winner, that it does provide a good opportunity for people, and that it should be reauthor-ized. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah has 6 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 6 minutes remaining. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. B
OEHNER ), the author of this piece 
of legislation and the distinguished Speaker of the House. 
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Chairman, let me 
thank my colleague for yielding, and thank all my colleagues who are sup-porting this legislation today. 
Many of us remember the story of 
‘‘The Little Engine That Could.’’ What happened was that the train full of toys wanted to get over the mountain to get to the kids on the other side. The big engine said: No, I cannot. The rusty old engine said: No, I cannot. But the little engine says: I’m not very big, but I think I can. I think I can. 
Well, from the beginning, the D.C. 
Opportunity Scholarship Program has been the little engine that could. We started this back in 2003 with the help of D.C.’s Mayor at the time, Anthony Williams, and D.C. councilman Kevin Chavous. 
For years the government was prom-
ising the Moon to D.C. families and spending the Moon, essentially, but nothing changed. So we said: If we are going to support public schools and charter schools, let’s also give low-in-come families the chance to apply for scholarships to attend the school of their choice. Let’s give them that power. 
Because if you have got the re-
sources, you already have school choice. You can send your kids to whatever school you want to send them to. You can move from the neighbor-hood you are in to where they have got a better school. But if you are poor and you are stuck in a bad neighborhood and your child doesn’t have that chance or, frankly, any chance, they are just dead in the water. 
Well, the D.C. Opportunity Scholar-
ship Program has been that little life-line that could. All told, 6,100 students have escaped underperforming schools. In that time, the program has received some 16,000 applications. Last spring 90 percent of 12th graders using the Op-portunity scholarships graduated and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.075 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7068 October 21, 2015 
88 percent enrolled in a 2- or 4-year col-
lege. Of the 1,400 students in the pro-gram this year, 87.4 percent would have been in a school that the government has identified as in need of improve-ment. 
These are the kind of results parents 
dream of for their kids. And while it is my name on the bill, the best cham-pions of this program are some of the most fearless kids you will ever see. 
Not only did they have to overcome 
the doubts of the education establish-ment, they also had to withstand ef-forts by some of the most powerful peo-ple in this city to kill this program. 
So today I am asking each of you to 
support H.R. 10, which reauthorizes this program for another 5 years. Here is why. Yes, this issue is personal to me and has been for a long time. But, frankly, it ought to be personal to every single Member of this body. 
Those of us who work here, who 
make a good living here, owe some-thing to the kids in this town. We owe these kids a fighting chance at success. 
So what I am asking you to do today 
is help these kids get over the moun-tain. Help us keep building the move-ment that could. Vote for H.R. 10. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The Speaker has said that, without 
this program, these children would have been in bad neighborhood schools. Well, I think it must be noted that the District of Columbia has done more to make sure that those children are not trapped in such schools than any dis-trict I have yet read about or heard of. 
I have noted that 75 percent—that 
means the overwhelming number—of children stuck in neighborhood schools that they believe are not good schools go to the other side of town, if nec-essary, to a better school. Far from being trapped, they are encouraged to choose a better school. And I have also cited the 110 charter schools that in-crease their choices. 
And, Mr. Chairman, I want you to 
know that many of the voucher parents whom I have met with—after all, they are my constituents—have said to me that they tried to get into one of our charter schools, but the waiting lists were too long, which is why they went to the voucher schools. 
Now, isn’t it interesting that the 
voucher schools have no waiting list, but the D.C. charter schools and many of our public schools have waiting lists, so much so that D.C. has had to com-bine the public schools and the charter schools on one list in a lottery so that families can choose which school to go to. 
How many Members on that side of 
the aisle have a lottery that lets the children, the parents, choose the best school for them to go to? Do not dare tell me that the District of Columbia leaves children trapped in failing schools. It has gone out of its way to do just the opposite. 
And what does it get for it? The im-
position by this body of yet another al-ternative. It is true that, a former 
mayor, who himself went to Catholic schools, said he was for vouchers. Well, Mr. Chairman, I ask you, then, since the District of Columbia has control of its own education apparatus, why hasn’t the District of Columbia set up its own voucher schools? Some other districts have done that. Because the majority, they don’t prefer vouchers, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how 
much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from the District of Columbia has 2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, there 
are many reasons why I oppose this bill. First, it has failed the goal that the Congress gave it. Bring these chil-dren’s test scores up. The public schools have brought their test scores up. The public charter schools have done even better in bringing their test scores up. These children’s test scores have not risen. 
Moreover, I can’t fail to note how re-
cently the majority has cut K–12 by $2 billion while taking $100 million out of, obviously, education funds to fund a private school voucher bill. 
Mr. Chairman, not everybody on my 
side of the aisle is for public charter schools, but I have supported public charter schools because my own con-stituents wanted and needed a way out of neighborhood schools very often. 
Yet, even though I come to this floor 
with home rule choices, this body is in-
sisting on its choices, knowing full well that nobody in the District of Colum-bia can vote against their choices. 
And it says to the District of Colum-
bia residents: No matter what you do, people, no matter how good your choices are, no matter how much you meet the standards we often talk about when it comes to choice, you, who have no vote on this floor, who will not vote on this bill when the bell rings in a few minutes, must do what we say. 
That, my good friends, is not a chap-
ter in democracy. It shows once again that Republican do whatever they care to do to the District of Columbia, even when they reject the same choice for their own constituents, and vote down for their constituents what they now impose on mine. Just a few months ago, the House and Senate voted down vouchers, but today—today—they will vote to impose these same vouchers on the District of Columbia. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to correct the record there. I 
think, obviously, somebody misspoke. The House did not vote on vouchers in this Congress. That is not what has happened. 
Mr. Chairman, I insert into the 
R
ECORD the letter we got from 500 fam-
ilies, D.C. residents, urging us in the adoption of this. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 20, 2015. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVES : We are a large and 
diverse number of parents of children attend-ing various schools within the District of Co-
lumbia. We write to urge your support of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act (SOAR) (H.R. 10). 
The SOAR Act is bipartisan legislation 
which ensures our rights as parents to choose the best public, charter or private school for our children. It not only provides up to $20 million for Opportunity Scholar-ships for low-income families to attend pri-vate schools, but also authorizes an addi-tional $40 million per year for public and charter schools in the District of Columbia. This three-sector initiative provides oppor-tunities for all our children to succeed! 
Nearly 6,200 children from very low-income 
families in the city have attended private schools through the Opportunity Scholarship Program over the past eleven years—88% coming from areas zoned for schools in need of improvement and 97% African-American or Hispanic. These students graduate at rates 30 points higher than the city’s public schools and have a near 90 percent college enrollment rate. These are proven results! 
The SOAR Act is an example of what 
works in education. When we can choose the best public, charter, or private school for our children, there are not only more opportuni-ties to engage in their education, but also for them to achieve greater academic excel-lence. These outcomes strengthen the city’s education system as a whole. 
We believe that maintaining and fully 
funding all educational options are critically important for the city’s families, especially low-income families served by the Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program. No child should be denied a safe, quality education because of their family income or zip code. 
We therefore urge you to support the swift 
passage of the SOAR Act. 
Sincerely, 
Ms. Nichelle Cluff, Mrs. Ifeyinwa Ikoli, Ms. 
Stephanie Montgomery, Ms. Mary Mont-gomery, Ms. Nina Harris, Ms. Eboni Purvis, Ms. Juliette Randolph, Ms. Ashley Adams, Ms. Naa Borle Sakeyfio, Mrs. Mariama Bah, Ms. Mia Wilson, Mrs. Sherri Calhoun, Ms. Lamonica Jeffrey, Mr. Darrell Cousar, Mr. James Calhoun, Mr. Andrew Cyr, Ms. Kayann McCalla, Mrs. Aldrina Cabrera, Ms. Kiana Wright, Ms. Albertine Cole. 
Ms. Dianna Coley, Ms. Tonya Carter, Ms. 
Giovanna Grayson, Ms. Luciana Udeozor, Ms. Andrea Davis, Mrs. Obiagel nuel-Ejiofor, Mr. Emmanuel Ejiofor, Mr. Rogers Ferguson, Mr. Girma Mihretu, Ms. Molita Gaskins, Ms. Latoya Myers, Ms. Djenane Jeanty, Ms. Keona Lewis, Mrs. Nicole Knott, Mr. Rudy Knott, Mr. Hanna Boku, Mr. Rashawn McCain, Ms. Ann Mmayie, Ms. Rita Pineda, Mr. Okechukwu Mbarah. 
Mr. Carlings McPhail, Ms. Ann Meruh, Ms. 
Shantel Powell-Morgan, Mrs. Marguerita Ramos, Mrs. Muanza Sangamay, Ms. Felicia Thomas, Ms. Sydney Williams, Ms. Caren Kirkland, Mrs. Temitope Tayo, Mr. Anthony Ugorji, Ms. Natasha Tutt, Ms. Dina Bayou, Ms. Natasha Tutt, Mr. Calvin Wright, Mrs. Julia Ugorji, Mrs. Chinwe Mbarah, Mr. Souleymane Bah, Julie McLaughlin, Sheila Martinez, Susan Morais. 
Joan Sapienza, Eddie Donahue, Jeseph 
Yohe, Carter Jefferson, Vincent Browning, Jonathan Bender, Peter Frantz, Ellen Graper, Elizabeth LeBras, Kiandra Willis, Robert McKeon, Marcela Price Souaya, Ste-phen Lennon, Aleasa Chiles-Feggins, Sally Leakamariam, Juleanna Glover, Christopher Reiter, Cristina Khalaf, Tom Shea, Sean Vin-cent. 
Karen Brennan, Ceci Smith, Adrienne Vin-
cent, Pedro Smith, Donna Gibson, Colleen Cavanagh, Chris Long, Aleasa Chiles- Feggins, Mariela Alardon-Yohe, Jennifer Browning, Philippa Bender, Melanie Jeffer-son, Veronica Nyhan Jones, Michael 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.076 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7069 October 21, 2015 
Truscott, Eavan O’Halloran, Sakinah 
Dupree, Morris Redd, Ron Josey, Susana Ramos-Izquierdo, Aimee Donahue. 
Marisse Rovira, Linda Girardi, Sharlene 
Mentor, Lisa Richa, James McLaughlin, Glenda Morales, Samuel Parker III, Clarence Jones, Leyla Y. Teos, Mavian Nouget, Kip Ross, Beatriz Lopez, Charles Malloy, Steve Trynosky, Carlos Aquino, Yanira Reyes, Nelly Romero, Sandra Huerta, Eboni Curry, Amanda Lawrence. 
Laura Hernandez, Mogus Meles, Danielle 
Aguirre, Julie Corsig, Andy Corsig, Alan Joaquin, Stephen Connors, Colton Campbell, Amy Dean, Flavio Cumpiano, John Menditto, Michelle Theic, Liza Figueroa, Shenelle Henry, Glenda Urquilla, Kelly Brown, Maria Granados, Catie Malloy, Ingrid Mejia, Jill Trynosky. 
Marlene Aquino, Roselia Gonzalez, Nubia 
Easil, Jessica Martinez, Beatriz Jansen, Juan Carlos Acajabon Mendez, Betiel Zekarias, Maria Torres, Carrie Hillegass, Mike Hillegass, Barbara Richitt, Victoria Connors, Kiandra Willis, Marilyn Campbell, Bob Dean, Felice Goodwin, Shanti Stanton, Molly Robert, Jen MacLennan, Michael Grady. 
Sharon Blume, Brendan O’Brien, Kenia 
Reyes, Salvador Hernandez, Rob Grabarz, Bentley Storm, Molly Bruno, Jennifer Leon-ard, Geoff Morrell, Christy Reap, Genet Demisse, Javier Aguirre, Neil McGrail, Kai Schmitz, Jimmy Kemp, Kathy Hagerup, Stephanie McGovern, Yohannes Z. Hadgu, Thomas Fitton, Melinda Johnson. 
Theresa Nahazar, Ann McAllister, Dan 
Goodwin, Daphne de Souza, Darren MacLennan, Alexandra Walsh, Andrew Blume, Greg Talbot, Darren Jansen, Susan Tanis, Sarah Grabarz, Ashley Storm, Jaclyn Madden, Barton Leonard, Ann Morrell, Pat Reap, Jana Patterson, Barbara Swaboda, Stephanie McGrail, Adriana Schmitz. 
Susan Kemp, Brian Crowley, John McGov-
ern, Michael Scanlon, Kelly Fitton, Bassam Khalaf, John Nahazar, John McAllister, Marc Sozio, Tyson Redpath, Laverne Lightbourne, Nick Milano, Trisha Corcoran, Eleanor Hopkins, Liza Lindenberg, Katie Krantz, John Morrissey, Joe Patterson, Chima Oluigbo, Sonia Cruz. 
Mercedes Rubio, Eddie Donahue, Gilbert 
Richa, Nick Saunders, Stephen Sexton, Thomas Faust, Meg Molloy, Michelle Wolf, Bruce Cormier, Ryan Angier, Jen Rowan, Lauren Buckley, Collin Cullen, Mary Santiviago, Kelly Sozio, Renee Redpath, Kevin Madden, Susan Milano, Joe Corcoran, Mary Glaser McCahan. 
Kate McAuliffe, Meg Knight, Ann 
Morrissey, Courtney Knowles, Nnenna Oluigbo, Robert Cruz-Reyes, Lydia Dolan, Lauren Lennon, Tom Knight, Joe Beemsterboer, Sarah Sexton, Larisa Faust, Jim Molloy, Kristin Lindquist, Sarah Cormier, Katreena Vigil Pineda, Mike Rowan, Mark Buckley, Brenda Cullen, Sergio Santiviago, Gary Fabiano. 
Rene McGuffin, Jorge Costa, Meghan 
Deerin, Kelly Stanton, Art Frye, John McGill, Mike Bruno, Matt Ritz, Margaret Bond, Billy MacArtee, Anthony Puglisi, Monica Micklos, Tim Yost, Ray Powers, Chris Dolan, Darrell Clark, Chris Connolly, Joni Veith, Courtney Taylor, Athena Mey-ers. 
Joshua Corless, Allison Sheedy, Robin 
Barth, Sam Depoy, Jung Kang, Connie Fabiano, David McGuffin, Michelle Costa, JB Deerin, Mike Stanton, Barbara Frye, Steph-anie McGill, Anne Zorc, Erin Ritz, Chris Delaney, Elena MacArtee, Laura Puglisi, Jeff Micklos, Liz Yost, Tom Hohman. 
Desiree Gabbidon, Yves Clark, Michelle 
Connolly, Tom Veith, Jay Taylor, Greg Mey-ers, Shannon Corless, Stefan Hagerup, Woo Lee, Marty Depoy, Stephanie O’Leary, Susan O’Keefe, Luwam Berhane, Patti Exposito, 
Michael Henry, Dan Hickey, Carmen Burducea, Joseph Finnegan, Michael Hyatte, Peter Komives. 
Eric Stogoski, Fred Dombo, Dave Madden, 
Justin Glasgow, Bernardo Ahlbom, Mark Emery, Doug Skomy, Stephen Grimberg, Brendan Delaney, John DiMartino, Jeffrey MacKinnon, Hirut Teklu, Erika Lopez- Padilla, Michelle Marshall, Abebe Kebede, Shayla Mack, Tesfaye Bune, Michael O’Keefe, Daniel McCahan, Lorenzo Exposito. 
Sarah Henry, Stephanie Hickey, Radu 
Burducea, Elizabeth Finnegan, Theresa Hyatte, Irina Komives, Julia Stogoski, Michelle Dombo, Lisa Madden, Megan Glas-gow, Tatiana Ahlborn, Celina Emery, Mary Skorny, Christina Grimberg, Celine Delaney, Ginny Treanor, Gail MacKinnon, Mekuria Gebremichael Bint, Renee Lopez-Padilla, Emebet Worku. 
Carlotte Crawford, Solomon Meshesha, 
Etsegent Demissie, Sri Winarti, Denisha Dempster, Demssie Gebremedhin, Alembanchi Taye, Tezita Woldegebriel, Tesfaye Abebu Bune, Magie Maling, Jessica Cabrera, LaShawn Debnam, Barbara Destry, Jaanai Johnson, Hewan Abera, Siddiq Ander-son, Markina Bailey, Odessa Brown, Rosa Caiza Maldonado, Sharon Coffey. 
Dianna Coley, Felicia Dyson, Ruth 
Fekadu, Dana Grinage, Sandra Hall, Lakia Harris, Shirlene Jackson, Francine Johnson, Nicole Johnson, Rajeeyah Burks, Mohamad Nugroho, Woinishet Gelete, Johnny Kassa, Cynthia Downes, Genet Tirksso, Wosen Admasu, Sara Caceres, Johanna Rizo Mar-tinez, Nikita Pray, Estela Arellano. 
Sagrario Agaton, Mary Addae, Ruth Barn-
well, Meka Burch, Sherri Calhoun, Catrice Coleman, Barbara Cunningham, Lashawn Durant, Moanick Fenner, Michelle Glover, Carmen Hall-Ali, Deborah Jackson, Darlene Johnson, Denise Johnson, Wendy Jones, Mi-chael Jones, Alfreda Judd, Lynetta McClam, Adrienne Miles, Claudia Moreno. 
Pauline Murray, Brigitta Nyahn, Naha 
Poindexter, Erin Skinner, Felicia Thomas, Sharon Waller, Lanita Wood, Ms. Myeshia Johnson, Ms. Venete Eason, Ms. Kanita Washington, Mrs. Barbara Graham, Sophie Alozie, Blanca Magarin, Jeanine Henderson- Lebbie, William Walker, IV, Tigistu Zewdie, Sydonie Fisher, William James, Akwilina Perry, Monalisa Reno. 
Zakia Williams, Shonta Jones, Pamela 
Matthews, Cecilia Mensah, Tonya Moore, Priscilla Moultrie, Carolina Novoa, Deborah M. Parker, Michelle Roberts, Sandra Stackhouse, Leslie Void, Varnell Wash-ington, Ms. Kitty Dawson, Ms. Mia Butler, Ms. Tiana Robinson, Mrs. Jill Gelman, Nejat Teman, Nathaniel Garbla, Tefaye Tamire, Patrice Aubrey. 
Fatmatta Kamara, Stephon Knox, 
Dwishnicka Randolph, Nicole Wood, Erica Iweanoge, Amanda Brown-Parks, James Parker, Teata Sanders, Samora St. Firmin, Dionne Clemons, Vernessa Perry, Donald Matthews, Tashana Ellis, Donita Adams, Caroline Beruchan, Steven Garrison, Ms. Holly Destry, Ms. Victoria Heimbold, Mr. Solomon Weldeghebriel, Ms. Jamil Rasp-berry. 
Anne Hedian, Atchoi Osekre-Bond, Margie 
Bacon, Jill Wright, Cathy Falk, Chanda Foreman, Colleen Scheidel, Kenny Stack, Juliette Randolph, Barbara Andercheck, Indra Thomas, Dog Harvey, Darah Tracy, Ginger Beverly, Tonya Wright, Brandon Winder, Antilecia O’Neal, Uanna Ferguson, Aster Robi, Bernadette Aniekwe. 
Patrice Davis, Ms. Maria del Carmen 
Reyes, Ms. Ingrid Lucas, Ms. Stephanie Goodloe, Mrs. Helen Andemariam, Michael Thomasian, Neslyn Moore, Judy Steele, Kathleen Downey, Judith Home, Niamh O’Mahoney, Arleen Hall, Bobby Rienzo, Te-resa Fitzgerald, LaShawne Thomas, Sarah 
Kane, Frank Washington, Mary Ann Welter, Shawn Hunter, Leslie Sherrill. 
Donise Yeager, Keyana Caroline, Sandra 
Gray, Latasha Monnique Jones Ward, An-thony Speight, Deborah B. Jones, Kim Atwater, Alvena P. Toland, Loretta Henry, Marilyn Sharpe, Davon Wilson, Sherry Bry-ant, Elroy Black, Lisa Newman, Shakia Hen-derson, Octavia Powell, Anita M. Harris, Krestin Clay, Laneka Brakett, Ana Acedo- Garcia. 
Garry Jones, John Wallace, Nakeisha 
Thompson, Donald Lampkins, Renard Haw-kins, Tammy Williams, Tynisha Dunn, Jovanna Bailey, Latasha Johon, Bobby Perry, Shalita Knight, Keyana Howard, Ken-neth Meredith, Calep Epps, Ty’ron Byers, Chase Blakney, Curtis Watts, Kishara Odom, Jeffrey Corry, Antonia Payne. 
Denise L. Lowery, Stephanie Payner, 
Tanya Lambright, Elaine E. Harris, Elbert Laker, Ryan Storr, Sylvester Bynum, Lavelle Lamb, Dominique Johnson, Paulette Willims, Martasha Fermine, Oyhani Wil-liams, Nasir McKeiver, Kenneth Wood, Neta Vaught, Mary Joyner, Michelle L. McIntyre, Kaitlin Gallagher, Will E. Henderson, Jea-nette Hubbard, Ontavia Lynch, Tasha McKenzie, James R. Wills, Jr. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
also introduce into the R ECORD The 
Washington Post editorial from yester-day, ‘‘A Misguided Attack on D.C.’s Needy Students,’’ actually supporting this. 
[From the Washington Post, Oct. 20, 2015] 
A M ISGUIDED ATTACK ON D.C.’ SNEEDY  
STUDENTS  
(By Editorial Board) 
Is the federally funded scholarship pro-
gram for poor D.C. families being forced on an unwilling city? It is safe to say that thou-sands of D.C. parents whose children are on the waiting list for a scholarship do not think so. Nor, we would venture, do the 6,100 children, predominantly minorities, who have used the scholarships to attend private schools. For that matter, students in the city’s public schools who have benefited from the infusion of federal dollars that has accompanied the voucher program probably would not embrace the argument either. 
So whom do members of the D.C. Council 
think they are helping as they urge Congress to kill this program? 
Fortunately, it does not appear that the 
council members will succeed in inflicting this wound on their city. Congress appears poised to reauthorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, which provides needy students with up to $12,572 to pay for tuition, fees and transportation to a school of their choice. The average family income for par-ticipating families is less than $22,000. A bill extending the program for five years and championed by outgoing House Speaker John A. Boehner (R–Ohio) is set for a floor vote Wednesday, while a bipartisan group of senators has filed a companion bill that would continue the program through 2025. 
Seeking to derail those efforts, a mis-
guided majority of the D.C. Council, un-doubtedly egged on by Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D–D.C.) and other voucher critics, wrote a letter to Congress objecting to what they portrayed as an intrusion into local af-fairs. These eight council members seemed unaware that the program was established in 2004 at the initiation of Anthony Williams (D), then D.C.’s mayor, and with the strong support of Kevin Chavous (D), then chair of the council’s Education Committee. Like-wise, they were unmoved by polling that has shown 74 percent of D.C. residents support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.037 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7070 October 21, 2015 
the voucher program, which, despite the spe-
cious claims of critics, has improved out-comes for its students without taking a dime from regular public schools. 
Indeed, the three-sector federal approach 
has brought more than $600 million to D.C. schools, with traditional public schools re-ceiving $239 million, charter public schools $195 million and the voucher program $183 million. At stake for fiscal 2016 is an addi-tional $45 million. It is fantasy to think there would be additional monies absent vouchers. 
School reform has brought improvement 
throughout the system. Yet, many parents still lack the choices and the access to high- quality education that city politicians take for granted for their own families. We credit D.C. Council Chairman Phil Mendelson (D) and council members Vincent B. Orange (D– At Large), Mary M. Cheh (D–Ward 3), Bran-don T. Todd (D–Ward 4) and Kenyan R. McDuffie (D–Ward 5) for not seeking to de-prive those parents of choice, and we hope their eight colleagues will rethink their po-sition and put constituents’ welfare over misguided ideology. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, the 
bottom line is this program produces results. I like the variety of choices. And the Delegate has been a real cham-pion for charter schools, and I applaud her for that, I support her in that. But the reality is the scholarships that we are talking about here, the Oppor-tunity scholarships, have yielded the best results with nearly 90 percent graduation rates and roughly 88 per-cent of the people then going on to col-lege. Those are amazing statistics. 
But I have heard a lot of derogatory 
comments. I have heard everything from misguided, idiotic, disgraceful, weakens, underfunded. Underfunded? Underfunded? That is offensive to us from Utah. We happen to have the low-est per pupil funding in the entire United States. We are not proud of that fact. But the reality is we get roughly $6,500 per student, where in Wash-ington, D.C. you get about $19,500 per student. It is not even close. And yet here we are championing and trying to help give more money, more resources, to what are underperforming students and giving them more choices. 
I guess one of the things you should 
consider is if the Congress does support this bill, does pass this bill, it is appro-priated, would anybody on the Demo-cratic side of the aisle actually rec-ommend that the city not take the money? 
b1700 
If it is so idiotic, if it is so awful, if 
it is so derogatory, if it is so negative, then why not cut it off right now? See, they want to continue to allow it to 
happen for those who have scholarships now because they know it is working, and they could never look those par-ents in the eye and take it away; but they are going to deny that choice to future generations where we know there has been demonstrable success. 
So I am proud of Speaker B
OEHNER  
and what he has done to champion this bill. I think it is a good bill. With that, I urge the adoption of this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, today, I will 
vote against H.R. 10, which would continue a flawed program that pursues a partisan ide-ology at the expense of a child’s quality edu-cation. 
This bill would reauthorize Washington, 
D.C.’s private school voucher program, the only program in the country using federal money to send children to private and reli-gious schools. The SOAR voucher program was a five year pilot set to expire in 2008. De-spite four studies by the Department of Edu-cation and two General Accountability Office (GAO) reports concluding that the program wasn’t working, Republicans in Congress are doubling down by allowing taxpayer dollars to prop up unaccredited, and even unsafe, schools. The last thing we need, as our stu-dents fall further behind their international peers, are voucher schools operating in rel-ative isolation, free of oversight for curriculum, quality or management. 
SOAR is the only program of its kind for a 
reason—there’s no way our states would tol-erate such nonsense. Sadly, because D.C. has not been freed from the partisan grips of Congress, it has become commonplace to see House Republicans impose their politics on D.C., despite widespread citizen and local government objection, from women’s health care to marijuana reform to street design. There’s justification for a program that funnels millions of dollars into a program shown to be ineffective and strongly opposed by the people that should matter—the parents, the edu-cators, and taxpayers who support the system. 
Worse, the SOAR Act strips students of 
constitutional protections of civil rights: federal funds can flow to schools that do not meet the federal standards to prevent discrimination against disabled persons, persons of color, persons of a religious group, women, or any other protected class. The SOAR Act is a sad step backward for education policy, civil rights, and good governance, and I strongly oppose it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
speak in opposition to H.R. 10, the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Reauthor-ization Act. 
H.R. 10 would reauthorize the District of Co-
lumbia private school voucher program, the Opportunity Scholarship Program (OSP), for five years through 2021. 
H.R. 10 would reauthorize the Scholarships 
for Opportunity and Results Act, which pro-vides Federal support for improving traditional 
public schools in the District of Columbia (D.C.), expanding and improving high-quality D.C. public charter schools, and offering pri-vate school vouchers to a limited number of students. 
The Obama Administration continues to 
strongly oppose the private school vouchers program within this legislation, known as the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
Members of the House should respect the 
self determination of the residents of DC by not forcing education policy onto children or their families at taxpayer expense. 
Rigorous evaluation over several years 
demonstrates that D.C. vouchers have not yielded statistically significant improvements in student achievement by scholarship recipients compared to other students not receiving vouchers. 
In addition, H.R. 10 would extend this 
voucher program to a new population of stu-dents previously attending private schools. Instead of using Federal resources to sup-
port a handful of students in private schools, the Federal Government should focus its at-tention and available resources on improving the quality of public schools for all students. 
Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me 
in voting against this bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
The amendments recommended by 
the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform printed in the bill are adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 10 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Reauthorization Act’’ or the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES IN ACT.—Whenever in this 
Act an amendment is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to that section or other provision of the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10; sec. 38–1853.01 et seq., D.C. Offi-cial Code). 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Parents are best equipped to make deci-
sions for their children, including the edu-cational setting that will best serve the in-terests and educational needs of their chil-dren. 
(2) In 1995, Congress passed the DC School 
Reform Act, which granted the District of Columbia the authority to create public charter schools and gave parents greater educational options for their children. 
(3) In 2003, in partnership with the Mayor 
of the District of Columbia, the chairman of the DC Council Education Committee, and community activists, Congress passed the DC School Choice Incentive Act of 2003 (Pub-lic Law 108–199; 118 Stat. 126), to provide op-portunity scholarships to parents of students in the District of Columbia to enable them to pursue a high-quality education at a pri-vate elementary or secondary school of their choice. 
(4) The DC Opportunity Scholarship Pro-
gram (DC OSP) was part of a comprehensive three-part funding arrangement that pro-vided additional funds for both the District of Columbia public schools and public char-ter schools of the District of Columbia. The intent behind the additional resources was to ensure both District of Columbia public and charter schools continued to improve. 
(5) In 2011, Congress enacted the three-part 
funding arrangement when it reauthorized the DC OSP and passed the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results (SOAR) Act (divi-sion C of Public Law 112–10) with bipartisan support. 
(6) While the National Center for Edu-
cation Statistics indicates that per pupil ex-penditure for public schools in the District of Columbia is the highest in the United States, performance on the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) continues to be near the bottom of the country when ex-amining scores in mathematics and reading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.033 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7071 October 21, 2015 
for fourth and eighth grades. When Congress 
passed the DC School Choice Incentive Act of 2003, students in the District of Columbia ranked 52 out of 52 States (including the De-partment of Defense schools). Since that time, the District of Columbia has made sig-nificant gains in mathematics and reading. However, students in the District of Colum-bia still rank in the bottom three States out of 52 States. According to the 2013 fourth grade math NAEP results, 34 percent of stu-dents are below basic, 38 percent are at basic, and 28 percent are at proficient or advanced. The 2013 fourth grade reading results found that 50 percent of fourth grade students in the District of Columbia are at or below basic, 27 percent are at basic, and 23 percent are proficient or advanced. 
(7) Since the inception of the DC OSP, 
there has been strong demand for the pro-gram by parents and the citizens of the Dis-trict of Columbia. In fact, 74 percent of Dis-trict of Columbia residents support con-tinuing the program (based on the Lester & Associates February 2011 Poll). 
(8) Since the program’s inception, parental 
satisfaction has remained high. The program has also been found to result in significantly higher graduation rates for those students who have received and used their oppor-tunity scholarships. 
(9) The DC OSP offers low-income families 
in the District of Columbia important edu-cational alternatives while public schools are improved. The program should continue to be reauthorized as part of a three-part comprehensive funding strategy for the Dis-trict of Columbia school system providing equal funding for public schools, public char-ter schools, and opportunity scholarships for students to attend private schools. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this Act 
to amend the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act to provide low-income par-ents residing in the District of Columbia with expanded educational opportunities for enrolling their children in other schools in the District of Columbia, and provide re-sources to support educational reforms for District of Columbia Public Schools and Dis-trict of Columbia public charter schools. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITING IMPOSITION OF LIMITS ON 
TYPES OF ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PAR-TICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM. 
Section 3004(a) (sec. 38–1853.04(a), D.C. Offi-
cial Code) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITING IMPOSITION OF LIMITS ON  
ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PARTICIPATING IN THE PRO -
GRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram under this division, the Secretary may not limit the number of eligible students re-ceiving scholarships under section 3007(a), and may not prevent otherwise eligible stu-dents from participating in the program under this Act, on any of the following grounds: 
‘‘(i) The type of school the student pre-
viously attended. 
‘‘(ii) Whether or not the student previously 
received a scholarship or participated in the program. 
‘‘(iii) Whether or not the student was a 
member of the control group used by the In-stitute of Education Sciences to carry out previous evaluations of the program under section 3009. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subparagraph (A) may be construed to waive the requirement under section 3005(b)(1)(B) that the entity carrying out the program under this Act must carry out a random se-lection process which gives weight to the pri-orities described in section 3006 if more eligi-ble students seek admission in the program than the program can accommodate.’’. SEC. 4. REQUIRING ELIGIBLE ENTITIES TO UTI-
LIZE INTERNAL FISCAL AND QUAL-ITY CONTROLS. 
Section 3005(b)(1) (sec. 38–1853.05(b)(1), D.C. 
Official Code) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (K); and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(M) how the entity will ensure that it uti-
lizes internal fiscal and quality controls; and’’. 
SEC. 5. CLARIFICATION OF PRIORITIES FOR 
AWARDING SCHOLARSHIPS TO DE-TERMINING ELIGIBLE STUDENTS. 
Section 3006(1) (sec. 38–1853.06(1), D.C. Offi-
cial Code) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘iden-
tified for improvement, corrective action, or restructuring under section 1116 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316)’’ and inserting ‘‘identi-fied as a low-achieving school according to the Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the 
semicolon at the end and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘, or whether such students have, in the past, attended a private school;’’. 
SEC. 6. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR 
PARTICIPATING SCHOOLS AND ELI-GIBLE ENTITIES. 
(a) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ; COMPLI -
ANCE WITHREPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Sec-
tion 3007(a)(4) (sec. 38–1853.07(a)(4), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (E); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of sub-
paragraph (F) and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(G) conducts criminal background checks 
on school employees who have direct and un-supervised interaction with students; and 
‘‘(H) complies with all requests for data 
and information regarding the reporting re-quirements described in section 3010.’’. 
(b) A
CCREDITATION .—Section 3007(a) (sec. 
38–1853.07(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (5)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(5) A
CCREDITATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—None of the funds pro-
vided under this division for opportunity scholarships may be used by an eligible stu-dent to enroll in a participating private school unless one of the following applies: 
‘‘(i) In the case of a school that, as of the 
date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthoriza-tion Act, is a participating school, the school is provisionally or fully accredited by an ac-crediting body described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 2202(16) of the Dis-trict of Columbia School Reform Act of 1995 (sec. 38–1802.02(16)(A–G), D.C. Official Code), or by any other accrediting body determined appropriate by the District of Columbia Of-fice of the State Superintendent for Schools for the purposes of accrediting an elemen-tary or secondary school. 
‘‘(ii) In the case of a school that, as of the 
day before the date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, is a partici-pating school but does not meet the require-ments of clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of such Act, the school is pur-suing full accreditation by an accrediting body described in clause (i); and 
‘‘(II) not later than 5 years after the date 
of enactment of such Act, the school meets the requirements of clause (i), except that an eligible entity may extend this deadline for a single 1-year period if the school provides the eligible entity with evidence from such 
an accrediting body that the school’s appli-cation for accreditation is in process and that the school will be awarded accreditation before the end of such period. 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a school that, as of the 
date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, is not a participating school, the school meets the requirements of clause (i) or, if it does not meet the requirements of clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) at the time the school notifies an eligible 
entity that it seeks to be a participating school, the school is actively pursuing full accreditation by an accrediting body described in clause (i); 
‘‘(II) not later than 5 years after the school 
notifies an eligible entity that it seeks to be a participating school, the school meets the re-quirements of clause (i), except that an eligible entity may extend this deadline for a single 1- year period if the school provides the eligible en-tity with evidence from such an accrediting body that the school’s application for accredita-tion is in process and that the school will be awarded accreditation before the end of such period; and 
‘‘(III) the school meets all of the other require-
ments for participating schools under this Act. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—Not 
later than 5 years after the date of enact-ment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, each participating school shall submit to the eli-gible entity a certification that the school has been fully or provisionally accredited in accordance with subparagraph (A), or has been granted an extension by the eligible en-tity in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii)(II). 
‘‘(C) A
SSISTING STUDENTS IN ENROLLING IN  
OTHER SCHOOLS .—If a participating school 
fails to meet the requirements of subpara-graph (A), the eligible entity shall assist the parents of the eligible students who attend the school in identifying, applying to, and enrolling in another participating school under this Act.’’. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES AND PARENTAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 
3007 (sec. 38–1853.07, D.C. Official Code) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES AND PAREN -
TALASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall make 
$2,000,000 of the amount provided under the grant each year available to an eligible enti-ty receiving a grant under section 3004(a) to cover the following expenses: 
‘‘(1) The administrative expenses of car-
rying out its program under this Act during the year, including— 
‘‘(A) determining the eligibility of stu-
dents to participate; 
‘‘(B) selecting the eligible students to re-
ceive scholarships; 
‘‘(C) determining the amount of the schol-
arships and issuing the scholarships to eligi-ble students; 
‘‘(D) compiling and maintaining financial 
and programmatic records; and 
‘‘(E) conducting site visits as described in 
section 3005(b)(1)(l). 
‘‘(2) The expenses of educating parents 
about the entity’s program under this Act, and assisting parents through the applica-tion process under this Act, including— 
‘‘(A) providing information about the pro-
gram and the participating schools to par-ents of eligible students; 
‘‘(B) providing funds to assist parents of 
students in meeting expenses that might otherwise preclude the participation of eligi-ble students in the program; and 
‘‘(C) streamlining the application process 
for parents.’’; and 
(2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c). 
(d) C
LARIFICATION OF USE OF FUNDS FOR  
STUDENT ACADEMIC ASSISTANCE .—Section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.035 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7072 October 21, 2015 
3007(c) (sec. 38–1853.07(c), D.C. Official Code), 
as redesignated by subsection (c)(2), is amended by striking ‘‘identified for improve-ment, corrective action, or restructuring under section 1116 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316)’’ and inserting ‘‘identified as a low- achieving school according to the Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia’’. 
(e) P
ERMITTING USE OF FUNDS REMAINING  
UNOBLIGATED FROM PREVIOUS FISCAL  
YEARS .—Section 3007 (sec. 38–1853.07, D.C. Of-
ficial Code), as amended by this section, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
ERMITTING USE OF FUNDS REMAINING  
UNOBLIGATED FROM PREVIOUS FISCAL YEARS.— 
To the extent that any funds appropriated for the opportunity scholarship program under this Act for any fiscal year (including a fiscal year occurring prior to the enactment of this sub-section) remain unobligated at the end of the fiscal year, the Secretary shall make such funds available during the next fiscal year and (if still unobligated as of the end of that fiscal year) any subsequent fiscal year for scholarships for eligible students, except that an eligible entity may use not more than 5 percent of the funds for administrative expenses, parental assistance, and tutoring, in addition to the amounts appro-priated for such purposes under section 3007(b) and (c).’’. 
SEC. 7. PROGRAM EVALUATION. 
(a) R EVISION OF EVALUATION PROCEDURES  
ANDREQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3009(a) (sec. 38– 
1853.09(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) D UTIES OF THE SECRETARY AND THE  
MAYOR .—The Secretary and the Mayor of the 
District of Columbia shall— 
‘‘(A) jointly enter into an agreement with 
the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education to evaluate annu-ally the opportunity scholarship program under this Act; 
‘‘(B) jointly enter into an agreement to 
monitor and evaluate the use of funds au-thorized and appropriated for the District of Columbia Public Schools and the District of Columbia public charter schools under this Act; and 
‘‘(C) make the evaluations described in 
subparagraphs (A) and (B) public in accord-ance with subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary, through a grant, contract, or cooper-ative agreement, shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that the evaluation under 
paragraph (1)(A)— 
‘‘(i) is conducted using an acceptable quasi- 
experimental research design for deter-mining the effectiveness of the opportunity scholarship program under this Act which does not use a control study group consisting of students who applied for but who did not receive opportunity scholarships; and 
‘‘(ii) addresses the issues described in para-
graph (4); and 
‘‘(B) disseminate information on the im-
pact of the program— 
‘‘(i) in increasing academic achievement 
and educational attainment of participating eligible students; and 
‘‘(ii) on students and schools in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES OF THE INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION  
SCIENCES .—The Institute of Education 
Sciences of the Department of Education shall— 
‘‘(A) assess participating eligible students 
in each of the grades 3 through 8, as well as one of the grades in the high school level, by supervising the administration of the same reading and math assessment used by the District of Columbia Public Schools to com-
ply with section 1111(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)); 
‘‘(B) measure the academic achievement of 
all participating students in the grades de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) work with the eligible entities to en-
sure that the parents of each student who re-ceives a scholarship under this Act agree to permit the student to participate in the eval-uations and assessments carried out by the Institute under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) I
SSUES TO BE EVALUATED .—The issues 
to be evaluated under paragraph (1)(A) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A comparison of the academic 
achievement of participating eligible stu-dents in the measurements described in para-graph (3) to the academic achievement of a comparison group of students with similar backgrounds in the District of Columbia Public Schools. 
‘‘(B) The success of the program under this 
Act in expanding choice options for parents of participating eligible students and in-creasing the satisfaction of such parents and 
students with their choice . 
‘‘(C) The reasons parents of participating 
eligible students choose for their children to participate in the program, including impor-tant characteristics for selecting schools. 
‘‘(D) A comparison of the retention rates, 
high school graduation rates, college enroll-
ment rates, college persistence rates, and col-
lege graduation rates of participating eligi-ble students with the rates of students in the comparison group described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(E) A comparison of the college enrollment 
rates, college persistence rates, and college graduation rates of students who partici-pated in the program in 2004, 2005, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015 as the result of winning the Opportunity Scholarship Program lot-tery with the rates of students who entered but did not win such lottery in those years and who, as a result, served as the control group for previous evaluations of the pro-gram under this Act. 
‘‘(F) A comparison of the safety of the 
schools attended by participating eligible students and the schools in the District of Columbia attended by students in the com-parison group described in subparagraph (A), based on the perceptions of the students and parents. 
‘‘(G) Such other issues with respect to par-
ticipating eligible students as the Secretary considers appropriate for inclusion in the evaluation, such as the impact of the pro-
gram on public elementary schools and sec-ondary schools in the District of Columbia. 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITING DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL  
INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any disclosure of per-
sonally identifiable information shall be in compliance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Pri-vacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
‘‘(B) S
TUDENTS NOT ATTENDING PUBLIC  
SCHOOLS .—With respect to any student who 
is not attending a public elementary school or secondary school, personally identifiable information may not be disclosed outside of the group of individuals carrying out the evaluation for such student or the group of in-
dividuals providing information for carrying out the evaluation of such student, other than to 
the parents of such student.’’. 
(2) T
RANSITION FROM CURRENT EVALUA -
TION.—The Secretary of Education shall ter-
minate the current evaluations conducted under section 3009(a) of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (sec. 38–1853.09, D.C. Official Code), as in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act, after obtain-ing data for the 2015–2016 school year, and 
shall submit the reports required with re-spect to the evaluations in accordance with section 3009(b) of such Act. Effective with re-spect to the 2016–2017 school year, the Sec-retary shall conduct new evaluations in ac-cordance with the provisions of section 3009(a) of such Act as amended by this Act , 
and as a component of the new evaluations, the Secretary shall continue to monitor and evalu-ate the students who were evaluated in the most recent evaluation under such section prior to the enactment of this Act, along with their cor-responding test scores and other information. 
(b) D
UTY OF MAYOR TOENSURE INSTITUTE  
HASALLINFORMATION NECESSARY TOCARRY  
OUTEVALUATIONS .—Section 3011(a)(1) (sec. 
38–1853.11(a)(1), D.C. Official Code) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION NECESSARY TO CARRY OUT  
EVALUATIONS .—Ensure that all District of 
Columbia public schools and District of Co-lumbia public charter schools make avail-able to the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education all of the in-formation the Institute requires to carry out the assessments and perform the evaluations required under section 3009(a).’’. 
SEC. 8. FUNDING FOR DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
(a) M ANDATORY WITHHOLDING OF FUNDS FOR  
FAILURE TOCOMPLY WITHCONDITIONS .—Sec-
tion 3011(b) (sec. 38–1853.11(b), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) E
NFORCEMENT .—If, after reasonable 
notice and an opportunity for a hearing, the Secretary determines that the Mayor has failed to comply with any of the require-ments of subsection (a), the Secretary may withhold from the Mayor, in whole or in 
part— 
‘‘(1) the funds otherwise authorized to be 
appropriated under section 3014(a)(2), if the failure to comply relates to the District of Columbia public schools; 
‘‘(2) the funds otherwise authorized to be 
appropriated under section 3014(a)(3), if the failure to comply relates to the District of Columbia public charter schools; or 
‘‘(3) the funds otherwise authorized to be 
appropriated under both section 3014(a)(2) and section 3014(a)(3), if the failure relates to both the District of Columbia public schools and the District of Columbia public charter schools.’’. 
(b) R
ULES FOR USE OF FUNDS PROVIDED FOR  
SUPPORT OF PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS .—Sec-
tion 3011 (sec. 38–1853.11, D.C. Official Code) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) S
PECIFIC RULES REGARDING FUNDS  
PROVIDED FOR SUPPORT OF PUBLIC CHARTER  
SCHOOLS .—The following rules shall apply 
with respect to the funds provided under this Act for the support of District of Columbia public charter schools: 
‘‘(1) The Secretary may direct the funds 
provided for any fiscal year, or any portion thereof, to the Office of the State Super-intendent of Education of the District of Co-lumbia (OSSE). 
‘‘(2) The OSSE may transfer the funds to 
subgrantees who are specific District of Co-lumbia public charter schools or networks of such schools or who are District of Colum-bia-based non-profit organizations with expe-rience in successfully providing support or assistance to District of Columbia public charter schools or networks of schools. 
‘‘(3) The funds shall be available to any 
District of Columbia public charter school in good standing with the District of Columbia Charter School Board (Board), and the OSSE and Board may not restrict the availability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.035 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7073 October 21, 2015 
of the funds to certain types of schools on 
the basis of the school’s location, governing body, or any other characteristic.’’. 
SEC. 9. REVISION OF CURRENT MEMORANDUM 
OF UNDERSTANDING. 
The Secretary of Education and the Mayor 
of the District of Columbia shall revise the memorandum of understanding which is in effect under section 3012(d) of the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Act (sec. 38–1853.12(d), D.C. Official Code) as of the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to address the following: 
(1) The amendments made by this Act. (2) The need to ensure that participating 
schools under such Act meet fire code stand-ards and maintain certificates of occupancy. 
(3) The need to ensure that District of Co-
lumbia public schools and District of Colum-bia public charter schools meet the require-ments under such Act to comply with all reasonable requests for information nec-essary to carry out the evaluations required under section 3009(a) of such Act. 
SEC. 10. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS. 
Section 3014(a) (sec. 38–1853.14(a), D.C. Offi-
cial Code) is amended by striking ‘‘each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the 9 succeeding fiscal years’’. 
SEC. 11. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall 
apply with respect to school year 2016–2017 and each succeeding school year. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–300. Each further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Mem-ber designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CHAFFETZ  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–300. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 9, beginning line 5, strike ‘‘identified 
as a low-achieving school according to the Office of the State Superintendent of Edu-cation of the District of Columbia’’ and in-sert ‘‘identified as one of the lowest-per-forming schools under the District of Colum-bia’s accountability system’’. 
Page 10, beginning line 25, strike ‘‘, or by 
any other accrediting body determined ap-propriate by the District of Columbia Office of the State Superintendent for Schools for the purpose of accrediting an elementary or secondary school’’. 
Page 16, beginning line 7, strike ‘‘identified 
as a low-achieving school according to the Office of the State Superintendent of Edu-cation of the District of Columbia’’ and in-sert ‘‘identified as one of the lowest-per-forming schools under the District of Colum-bia’s accountability system’’. 
Page 18, line 10, strike ‘‘evaluate’’ and in-
sert ‘‘report on’’. 
Page 21, line 12, strike ‘‘A comparison of’’ 
and insert ‘‘A report on’’. 
Page 21, line 18, strike ‘‘with the rates’’ 
and insert ‘‘as well as the rates’’. Page 21, line 22, after the period add the 
following: ‘‘Nothing in this subparagraph may be construed to waive section 3004(a)(3)(A)(iii) with respect to any such stu-dent.’’. 
Page 25, beginning line 20, strike ‘‘may di-
rect the funds provided for any fiscal year, or any portion thereof,’’ and insert ‘‘shall di-rect the funds provided for any fiscal year’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 480, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, the 
manager’s amendment that I am offer-ing makes small technical changes to the bill. 
First, the amendment substitutes the 
term ‘‘low achieving schools’’ for ‘‘low-est performing schools,’’ which cor-responds to the language used by the District of Columbia on this topic. 
Second, the amendment makes clear 
that the Secretary of Education and the Mayor of the District of Columbia will monitor and report on the use of funds authorized by this bill. 
Third, the amendment clarifies re-
porting requirements in the bill to pro-tect students against arbitrary exclu-sion from the program. 
Finally, the amendment requires the 
Secretary of Education to direct fund-ing for public charter schools to the District’s Office of the State Super-intendent of Education. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a good amend-
ment that reflects the ongoing con-versations with the District of Colum-bia regarding this bill. I urge its adop-tion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G
RAVES of 
Louisiana). Without objection, the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I actu-
ally agree with the chairman, and the chairman has consulted with us on these changes, which are technical in nature. 
I do not oppose this amendment. In-
deed, I want to thank our chairman for working with us before this committee markup on this bill on some additional technical changes. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate working with the Delegate. It is a good working relationship. We have our opposition from time to time, but she did work with us in this way, and I appreciate her support of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–300. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end of section 6 the following 
new subsection: 
(f) L IMIT ON PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL STU-
DENT POPULATION OF SCHOOL WHORECEIVE  
OPPORTUNITY SCHOLARSHIPS .—Section 3007(a) 
(sec. 38-1853.07(a), D.C. Official Code), as amended by subsection (b), is further amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (2), (3), and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (2), (3), (5), and (6)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6) L
IMIT ON PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL STU -
DENT POPULATION RECEIVING OPPORTUNITY  
SCHOLARSHIPS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—None of the funds pro-
vided under this Act for opportunity scholar-ships may be used by an eligible student to enroll in a participating school for a school year unless the school certifies to the eligi-ble entity that, for the school year, the num-ber of students enrolled in the school who re-ceive opportunity scholarships under this Act does not exceed the number of students enrolled in the school who do not receive op-portunity scholarships under this Act. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—In determining the 
number of students enrolled in a school who receive opportunity scholarships under this Act for a school year under subparagraph (A), there shall be excluded any student who was receiving an opportunity scholarship as of the date of the enactment of the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Reauthor-ization Act and any student who is the sib-ling of a student who was receiving an oppor-tunity scholarship as of the date of the en-actment of such Act.’’. 
Page 18, strike line 23 and all that follows 
through page 19, line 5 and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) is conducted using the strongest pos-
sible research design for determining the ef-fectiveness of the opportunity scholarship program under this Act; and’’. 
Page 20, strike lines 4 through 9 and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(C) work with the eligible entities to en-
sure that the parents of each student who ap-plies for a scholarship under this Act (re-gardless of whether the student receives the scholarship) and the parents of each student participating in the scholarship program under this Act, agree that the student will participate, if requested by the Institute, in the measurements given annually by the In-stitute for the period for which the student applied for or received the scholarship, re-spectively, except that nothing in this sub-paragraph shall affect a student’s priority for an opportunity scholarship as provided under section 3006.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 480, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from the District of Columbia. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The Speaker’s voucher bill is sure to 
pass, and I am sure it is offered with the best of intentions. Therefore, I want to work with him and with Mem-bers and with those in the Senate who support vouchers to provide much- needed oversight for the millions in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.035 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7074 October 21, 2015 
Federal dollars in this bill. It is in that 
spirit that I offer a two-part amend-ment, and both parts are entirely con-sistent with the underlying bill. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice, the GAO, said in 2007 and again in 2013 that the voucher program lacks quality control, transparency, and in-formation. 
In response, the first part of my 
amendment restores the scientific in-tegrity of the program’s evaluation, copied from prior authorizations of this bill, and the second prohibits voucher mills, not our accredited Catholic schools, which are attended by most of our children, but their competition for vouchers—a small, but significant, number of private schools that would not exist but for this Federal funding. 
First, my amendment restores the 
evaluation of the program’s effective-ness that Congress has required since the program was created in 2004—and I am quoting from Congress—‘‘to be con-ducted using the strongest possible re-search design.’’ 
In contrast, this bill requires the 
evaluation to be conducted using ‘‘an acceptable quasi-experimental research design that actually prohibits the more scientific randomized controlled trial Congress mandated in prior authoriza-tions.’’ 
Yet the congressionally mandated 
evaluation said that randomized con-trolled trials ‘‘are especially important in the context of School Choice be-cause families wanting to apply for a Choice program may have educational goals and aspirations that differ from the average family’s.’’ 
I appreciate that this bill requires for 
the first time that schools be accred-ited, but it gives unaccredited schools 5 years, along with the grace period of a year, to become accredited. 
This time frame is so long that it 
would allow existing and new unaccredited schools to accept voucher students well into the decade. The 50 percent cap that my amendment pro-poses at least would ensure that vouch-er schools would ultimately be elimi-nated. 
For example, the GAO found that six 
participating voucher schools had more than 80 percent of their enrollment from voucher students. A Washington Post investigation found one school where voucher students comprised 93 percent of the total. 
The majority concedes that there is a 
need for the ongoing evaluation of the program’s effectiveness by requiring a study of this bill, but after the man-dated study showed that vouchers did not improve student achievement, the majority took care of that by watering down the mandated evaluation. 
The second part of my amendment 
prohibits fly-by-night, often storefront school voucher bills by eliminating the percentage of voucher students in the school to 50 percent of the school’s total enrollment. No current voucher student or sibling would be affected by the cap. My amendment would disqualify so- 
called voucher mills, a small, but sig-nificant, number of schools that cannot survive without government funding, most of which sprang up in low-income neighborhoods after the program was created to get unrestricted Federal funds. 
Why should the major recipients of 
voucher funds—our fully accredited Catholic schools or other parochial and private schools—have to share the available funding with voucher mills of low quality? The way to eliminate these unaccredited schools, which are unworthy of our students, is to require that their enrollment not consist pri-marily of voucher students. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask that the Post’s 
investigation, entitled, ‘‘Quality con-trols lacking for D.C. schools accepting Federal vouchers,’’ be included in the R
ECORD . 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 17, 2012] 
QUALITY CONTROLS LACKING FOR D.C. 
SCHOOLS ACCEPTING FEDERAL VOUCHERS  
(By Lyndsey Layton and Emma Brown) 
Congress created the nation’s only feder-
ally funded school voucher program in the District to give the city’s poorest children a chance at a better education than their neighborhood schools offer. 
But a Washington Post review found that 
hundreds of students use their voucher dol-lars to attend schools that are unaccredited or are in unconventional settings, such as a family-run K–12 school operating out of a storefront, a Nation of Islam school based in a converted Deanwood residence, and a school built around the philosophy of a Bul-garian psychotherapist. 
At a time when public schools face increas-
ing demands for accountability and trans-parency, the 52 D.C. private schools that re-ceive millions of federal voucher dollars are subject to few quality controls and offer widely disparate experiences, the Post found. 
Some of these schools are heavily depend-
ent on tax dollars, with more than 90 percent of their students paying with federal vouch-ers. 
Yet the government has no say over cur-
riculum, quality or management. And par-ents trying to select a school have little independent information, relying mostly on marketing from the schools. 
The director of the nonprofit organization 
that manages the D.C. vouchers on behalf of the federal government calls quality control ‘‘a blind spot.’’ 
‘‘We’ve raised the question of quality over-
sight of the program as sort of a dead zone, a blind spot,’’ said Ed Davies, interim execu-tive director of the D.C. Children and Youth Investment Trust Corp. ‘‘Currently, we don’t have that authority. It doesn’t exist.’’ 
Republicans in Congress established the 
D.C. voucher program eight years ago to demonstrate the school-choice concepts that the party has been espousing since the 1950s. Vouchers were once thought to be moribund, but came roaring to life in 2010 in states where Republicans took control. Fourteen states have created voucher programs or ex-panded existing ones in recent years. 
Some states, such as Wisconsin, now in-
clude middle-class families in their voucher programs. Other states, including Virginia, have begun indirectly steering public dollars to private schools by offering tax credits to those who donate to scholarship funds. 
In some cases, the public has pushed back 
against the idea of routing state dollars from public to private schools. Legal challenges are pending in Colorado and Indiana. In the 
November elections, Florida voters rejected a ballot amendment that would have per-mitted tax dollars to flow to religious insti-tutions, including parochial schools. That would have enabled the state to revive a voucher program that had been declared un-constitutional in 2006 by its highest court. Yet Florida continues to offer vouchers for disabled students who want to attend private schools and awards tax credits to corpora-tions that donate to private-school scholar-ship programs. 
In the District, it’s clear that vouchers 
have provided many children with an edu-cation at well-established private schools that otherwise would have been out of reach, and their parents rave about the oppor-tunity. Of the 1,584 District students now re-ceiving vouchers, more than half attend Catholic schools and a handful are enrolled at prestigious independent schools such as Sidwell Friends, where President Obama sends his daughters. 
But the most comprehensive study of the 
D.C. program found ‘‘no conclusive evidence’’ that the vouchers improved math and read-ing test scores for those students who left their public schools. 
The study, released by the U.S. Depart-
ment of Education in 2010, found that vouch-er students were more likely to graduate than peers without vouchers, based on data collected from families. And parents re-ported that their children were safer attend-ing the private schools, though the students themselves perceived no difference. 
Congress set aside $20 million for the D.C. 
voucher program this year. Since 2004, the federal government has appropriated $133 million for the program. 
Private schools that participate in the D.C. 
program don’t have to disclose the number of voucher students they enroll or how much public money they receive, and many de-clined to release such information to The Post. 
While public schools must report test 
scores and take action when they don’t meet goals, private schools participating in the D.C. voucher program are insulated from 
such interference. 
The schools must administer a single 
standardized test, but can choose the type. Those scores are not made public, and schools can stay in the voucher program no matter how their students fare. 
Schools that accept vouchers are required 
to hold a certificate of occupancy and em-ploy teachers who are college graduates, but they do not have to be accredited. The Post found that at least eight of the 52 schools are not accredited. 
Parents, not the government, should deter-
mine a school’s quality, according to Kevin Smith, a spokesman for House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), a proud product of Catholic schools who designed the voucher program. ‘‘Our belief is that parents—when provided appropriate information—will se-lect the best learning environment for their children,’’ he wrote in an e-mail. 
At Archbishop Carroll High School, where 
40 percent of students receive vouchers, prin-cipal Mary Elizabeth Blaufuss agrees. ‘‘The question is, to what extent do we trust par-ents to make educational decisions for their kids?’’ she said. 
Santa Carballo knew little about the Aca-
demia de la Recta Porta before enrolling her daughter, Emma, through the voucher pro-gram. She chose it because it was across the street from the Catholic school for boys that her son attends, also with a voucher, and it seemed better than a neighborhood public school that has failed for years to meet achievement targets. 
‘‘This is private, it’s good,’’ said Carballo, 
an immigrant from El Salvador who works 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.091 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7075 October 21, 2015 
as a waitress and struggles with English. 
‘‘It’s more intelligent. And it’s religious, it’s good. I’m so happy.’’ 
A nondenominational Christian school, the 
Academia charges $7,100 a year and occupies a soot-stained storefront between a halal meat shop and an evening wear boutique on a busy stretch of Georgia Avenue NW near the Maryland line. 
The K–12 school consists of two class-
rooms. A drum set and keyboard are stowed in a corner for music class; for gym, students travel nearly two miles down Georgia Ave-nue to the city’s Emery Recreation Center. 
Annette and Reginald Miles founded the 
unaccredited school 13 years ago. He is the pastor of the associated church, she is the school director, their daughter is a teacher and their grandson is a student. 
Annette Miles declined to say how many of 
her 70 students receive vouchers. If the pro-gram were to end, the Academia would ‘‘have to stretch with fundraising’’ to continue op-erating, she said. 
To be eligible for a voucher, families must 
qualify for food stamps or meet other income requirements. 
Through the D.C. program, the federal gov-
ernment pays about $8,000 a year for each el-ementary school student and $12,000 for high schoolers. That’s less than the $18,000 a year it costs to educate one child in the D.C. Pub-lic Schools. Many of the participating pri-vate schools do not offer costly services for children with disabilities, who make up about 18 percent of the DCPS school popu-lation. 
The voucher payments are enough to cover 
tuition at most Catholic schools, which en-roll about 52 percent of D.C. voucher stu-dents. But they pay only a fraction of costs at elite institutions such as the Sheridan School in Northwest D.C., where charges can reach about $30,000 a year. 
Tiblez Berhane has a daughter in eighth 
grade who is attending Sheridan with a voucher and financial aid from the school. ‘‘It’s wonderful,’’ said Berhane, an immi-grant from Eritrea who works in a day-care center. ‘‘We could never afford this.’’ 
While Sheridan, Sidwell Friends and the 
Washington International School each have one voucher student, the Academy for Ideal Education depends almost entirely on the federal program. 
Founder Paulette Jones-Imaan created the 
school more than two decades ago, aiming to provide a nurturing environment with small classes and a learning model known as ‘‘Suggestopedia,’’ a philosophy of learning developed by Bulgarian psychotherapist Georgi Lozanov that stresses learning through music, stretching and meditation. Jones-Imaan melds that philosophy with an African-flavored approach that includes stu-dents addressing teachers as ‘‘Mama’’ and ‘‘Baba,’’ honorifics meaning mother and fa-ther. 
Jones-Imaan also founded a K–12 public 
charter school, Ideal Academy, based on the same educational philosophy, in 1999. She served on the board for more than a decade. 
But the charter school ran into trouble. 
Last year, the D.C. Public Charter School Board threatened to close it because of chronic poor performance. Ideal Academy agreed to shutter its high school, which had a particularly poor record, in order to keep its lower grades open. The preschool–8th grade Ideal Academy was classified as ‘‘inad-equate’’ this year by the city’s charter offi-cials, which means it could be closed if it doesn’t improve. 
Meanwhile, the private Academy for Ideal 
Education continues on. More than 90 per-cent of its approximately 60 students are paying the $11,400 tuition with vouchers, Jones-Imaan said. ‘‘If this program were to end, this school would end,’’ she said. While some schools have libraries, art stu-
dios and athletic fields, the Muhammad Uni-versity of Islam occupies the second floor of a former residence east of the Anacostia River. The unaccredited K–8 school is sup-ported by the Nation of Islam, according to director Stephanie Muhammad. 
Parents choose the school because of its 
small classes, safety and strict discipline, she said. 
About one-third of the 55 students hold 
vouchers. Few of the others can afford the $5,335 annual tuition, Muhammad said. They are asked to help defray tuition by raising funds. Last month, they sold pizzas. This month, it’s coffee and tea. 
The classrooms are small, located in what 
were perhaps once bedrooms. On the walls are posters of Louis Farrakhan, the con-troversial leader of the Nation of Islam. 
On a recent visit, the only bathroom in the 
school had a floor blackened with dirt and a sink coated in grime. The bathtub was filled with paint cans and cleaning supplies con-cealed by a curtain. 
Muhammad said in a subsequent interview 
that the bathroom is used only in emer-gencies, and students typically use a rest-room on the floor below in a day-care center that she had previously described as unre-lated to the school. 
Kevin P. Chavous, a former D.C. Council 
member and now a senior adviser to Amer-ican Federation for Children, which lobbies for voucher programs nationwide, said schools receiving public funds should meet quality standards. But supporters of the D.C. program have been focused on overcoming political challenges, he said. 
‘‘There should be some accountability 
measures in all these programs,’’ Chavous said. ‘‘Our biggest challenge has been the constant threats to shut this down before we can even measure the schools.’’ 
Since Congress created the voucher pro-
gram in 2004, Boehner and Sen. Joseph I. Lie-berman (I-Conn.) have regularly wrestled with Democrats over its fate. Republicans and Lieberman want to expand the program; Democrats want to phase it out. 
‘‘Our goal is to provide a quality education 
to all children—not just a few—which is why the Obama administration does not believe vouchers are the answer to America’s edu-cational challenges,’’ said Justin Hamilton, a spokesman for Education Secretary Arne Duncan. 
Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D) and D.C. 
Mayor Vincent C. Gray (D) also are opposed to the voucher program, saying public dol-lars should go toward improving public schools where they can help the most stu-dents. 
Still, the program has offered some chil-
dren a crucial path out of troubled city schools. 
Ophelia Johnson and her daughters were 
homeless when she learned about the vouch-er program. She obtained vouchers for both her daughters and enrolled them at the Cal-vary Christian Academy, which she credits with providing her children a secure, caring and consistent environment as she pulled her life together. 
‘‘It’s wonderful,’’ Johnson said about the 
voucher program that allowed her daughters to attend the academy. ‘‘The atmosphere, the education, and it’s also a Christian school. They taught my girls.’’ 
Now, Johnson is employed, newly remar-
ried and living with her daughters in a con-dominium on Capitol Hill. Her older daugh-ter, Tabitha, is applying to colleges. 
‘‘She’ll be the first to go in the family,’’ 
Johnson said, pride in her voice. 
Ms. NORTON. The Federal vouchers 
give these schools the Federal Govern-ment’s seal of approval. Considering 
that the purpose of the voucher pro-gram is to improve student achieve-ment, voucher bills are inconsistent with the congressional intent and should not be enabled with Federal funds or get the Federal imprimatur. 
I appreciate that the majority indi-
cated in committee and also on this floor that they, too, oppose voucher mills and are willing to work with me on this issue. I hope to continue to work with the majority as the bill moves forward in order to eliminate voucher bills, which surely no Member supports. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, this 
is the same amendment that Delegate N
ORTON offered to the bill during 
markup, but it was rejected by the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
The amendment would cap the en-
rollment of OSP students, the Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program, at 50 per-cent of the school’s population without affecting current voucher students or siblings. The amendment would also re-store the randomized controlled study requirement. 
Mr. Chairman, this program is about 
opportunity and choice. Parents should be able to choose the best schools for their children, and private schools should have the flexibility to deter-mine whether or not to enroll OSP stu-dents. 
I understand the Delegate’s concern 
that students maintain quality stand-ards. In fact, I share it. That is why H.R. 10 requires participating OSP schools to achieve accreditation no later than 5 years after the passage of the act. This is a more effective way to ensure the quality than by arbitrarily excluding students from the program. 
Mr. Chairman, the accreditation 
process required by H.R. 10 will ensure education and administrative quality control. The process will help weed out poor performers from this program without setting a cap on OSP student enrollment. 
As for the return to the control group 
evaluation, this is unnecessary for the OSP. The OSP has been rigorously evaluated using the Gold Standard since 2003, and it has demonstrated positive results. The Gold Standard Evaluation, using a randomized con-trolled evaluation, deliberately limits participation in the program. 
Under this evaluation method, some 
student applicants received scholar-ships while other student applicants were placed in a control group that did not receive scholarships. Given the OSP’s proven success under this stand-ard, it is time to allow as many stu-dents to receive scholarships as fund-ing permits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.049 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7076 October 21, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, it is important to 
note that the bill does not forsake evaluation. Instead, the bill requires the OSP students’ performance base to be compared to that of students of similar backgrounds of the D.C. public schools. The evaluation method means no more students will be barred from a good education through OSP for the sake of the experiment. 
Mr. Chairman, on average, 2.5 stu-
dents apply for each scholarship that is ultimately awarded. We should be fo-cused on meeting the demand for ac-cess to a good education rather than arbitrarily limiting students’ ability to succeed. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
amendment, which would unneces-sarily exclude children from the edu-cational opportunities they desire and deserve. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. A
LLEN ). The 
question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana) having assumed 
the chair, Mr. A LLEN , Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 10) to reau-thorize the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 480, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with a further amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Scott of Virginia moves to recommit 
the bill H.R. 10 to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end of section 6 the following 
new subsection: 
(f) R
EQUIRING PROTECTION OF STUDENTS AND  
APPLICANTS UNDER CIVILRIGHTS LAWS.—Sec-tion 3008 (sec. 38-1853.08, D.C. Official Code) is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) R
EQUIRING PROTECTION OF STUDENTS  
ANDAPPLICANTS UNDER CIVILRIGHTS LAWS.— 
In addition to meeting the requirements of subsection (a), an eligible entity or a school may not participate in the opportunity scholarship program under this Act unless the eligible entity or school certifies to the Secretary that the eligible entity or school will provide each student who applies for or receives an opportunity scholarship under this Act with all of the applicable protec-tions available under each of the following laws: 
‘‘(1) Title IV of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 
(42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq.). 
‘‘(2) Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 
(42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.). 
‘‘(3) Title IX of the Education Amendments 
Act of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.). 
‘‘(4) The Equal Educational Opportunities 
Act of 1974 (20 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
‘‘(5) The Individuals With Disabilities Edu-
cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
‘‘(6) The Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 
U.S.C. 701 et seq.). 
‘‘(7) The Age Discrimination Act of 1975 (42 
U.S.C. 6101 et seq.). 
‘‘(8) The Americans with Disabilities Act of 
1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.).’’. 
b1715 
Mr. CHAFFETZ (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I object. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage as amended. 
I rise to speak in support of the 
Democratic motion to recommit that would protect the civil rights of stu-dents at schools that receive vouchers by requiring the schools to certify that they provide each student with all ap-plicable civil rights protections. 
The D.C. voucher program calls into 
question multiple Federal civil rights protections and turns a blind eye to the government-funded discrimination. For example, religious schools that ac-cept vouchers are permitted to dis-criminate on the basis of religion in hiring, a violation of traditional prin-
ciples prohibiting discrimination based on religion when using Federal money. 
The fact is that most religious 
schools are part of a ministry of the sponsoring church, and these schools either cannot or will not separate the religious content from their academic programs. So it is impossible to pre-vent a publicly funded voucher pro-gram for paying for these institutions’ religious activities and education. 
Furthermore, schools that accept 
vouchers are allowed to discriminate based on gender in admissions, a viola-
tion of the principles of title IX. 
In addition to the discrimination 
based on religion or sex, the D.C. voucher program also raises serious concerns about the civil rights of stu-dents with disabilities. IDEA requires that schools that receive Federal IDEA funds provide appropriate education to all students with disabilities, but at least one study found that the schools that accept D.C. vouchers serve stu-dents with disabilities at a much lower rate than public schools. 
Failing to meet the needs of students 
with disabilities is just one of the shortcomings of the D.C. voucher pro-gram, but another issue is the perform-ance of the school. A 2010 Department of Education report concluded that the use of a voucher had no statistically significant impact on overall student achievement in math or reading. 
Additional studies found that stu-
dents from schools in need of improve-ment have shown no improvement in math or reading due to the voucher program. Furthermore, participating in the voucher program had no impact on student safety, satisfaction, motiva-tion, or engagement. 
Mr. Speaker, many of those who ac-
tually won a voucher cannot use them because the voucher does not cover the full cost of attending a private or reli-gious school. As a result, many who win a voucher find that they cannot use it because they can’t afford the re-maining cost of the education. So stud-ies have confirmed that fewer than 25 percent of the students who use the vouchers are from schools that were ‘‘in need of improvement.’’ 
The D.C. voucher program fails on all 
counts. It violates principles of tradi-tional civil rights laws, it makes no improvement on student achievement, and it fails to reach the very children it was designed to help. 
Our public schools need more fund-
ing, not less. Rather than funnel tax-payer funding to private or religious schools that lack civil rights protec-tions and fail to meet the goals of help-ing the right students, we should focus our efforts on initiatives that will re-sult in overall improvement of the edu-cational system for all of our students. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support our children by supporting this motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, as I 
said before, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia is 
one of my favorite people in this body. I have the greatest respect. His per-spective is one that I often share. 
I would just highlight for this body 
here, because I do urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this motion to recommit, that we had a field hearing in May. We have had good debate. We had a good markup. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.093 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7077 October 21, 2015 
We had always projected to move this 
bill in the fall. I think it is time to bring up this bill. So we have never had this issue ever brought to my attention as chairman of the committee. 
I would also highlight that section 
3008, Nondiscrimination and Other Re-quirements for Participating Schools— I will read just point A. 
‘‘In General.—An eligible entity or 
school participating in any program under this division shall not discrimi-nate against program participants or applicants on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex.’’ 
I do look forward to working with 
the gentleman and anybody else on these issues moving forward, but I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, proceedings will resume on questions previously post-poned. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Passage of H.R. 692; The motion to recommit on H.R. 10; 
and 
Passage of H.R. 10, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the pay-ment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 194, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 557] 
YEAS—235 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin 
Barletta Barr Barton Benishek 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—194 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Bishop (UT) Fattah Kelly (IL) 
Payne Roskam 
b1751 
Mrs. LAWRENCE and Ms. KUSTER 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 557, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY 
AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Op-portunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), on 
which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 185, nays 242, not voting 7, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.095 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7078 October 21, 2015 
[Roll No. 558] 
YEAS—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Buchanan Collins (GA) Fattah Kelly (IL) 
Payne Russell Westmoreland 
b1759 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 191, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 559] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—191 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.047 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7079 October 21, 2015 
Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—3 
Fattah Kelly (IL) Payne 
b1807 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MAKING IN ORDER CONSIDER-
ATION OF VETO MESSAGE ON H.R. 1735 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that if a veto message on H.R. 1735 is laid before the House, then after the message is read and the objections of the President are spread at large upon the Journal, fur-ther consideration of the veto message and the bill shall be postponed until the legislative day of Thursday, No-vember 5, 2015; and that on that legisla-tive day, the House shall proceed to the constitutional question of reconsider-ation and dispose of such question without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken tomorrow. 
f 
AMENDING TITLE XI OF THE 
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1362) to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-in-clusive care for the elderly (PACE pro-grams). 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1362 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CLARIFICATION OF WAIVER AUTHOR-
ITY REGARDING PACE PROGRAMS. 
Subsection (d)(1) of section 1115A of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a) is amended by striking ‘‘and 1903(m)(2)(A)(iii)’’ and in-serting ‘‘1903(m)(2)(A)(iii), and 1934 (other than subsections (b)(1)(A) and (c)(5) of such section)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman 
from Oregon (Mr. B LUMENAUER ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on S. 1362 currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
for S. 1362, the PACE Innovation Act of 2015. 
The companion bill in the House, 
H.R. 3243, was introduced by my long-time colleague and a real champion for the elderly and the frail, C
HRIS SMITH 
of New Jersey. 
This legislation is a commonsense, 
bipartisan approach to increasing flexi-bility in our healthcare system. 
PACE, or the Program of All-Inclu-
sive Care for the Elderly, is an inte-grated care program that provides hands-on, long-term care and support to beneficiaries who need an institu-tional level of care but continue to live at home. Many of these beneficiaries are dual eligible, or eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. 
Hardworking Americans who care for 
these beneficiaries and want to keep their loved ones at home have relied on this program for well over a decade, as the program has now expanded to 32 States. 
There are two programs currently op-
erating back in Texas, and I am look-ing forward to monitoring the pro-gram’s continued success back home. 
However, currently, the PACE model 
is limited to seniors who meet a spe-cific list of criteria, Federal and State, for needing a nursing home level of care. The PACE Innovation Act would allow Medicare to test the PACE ben-efit on other vulnerable populations. With the popularity and success of 
the PACE program, it is clear that, to live up to its full potential nationally, other populations should be targeted to benefit from comprehensive PACE models. 
These beneficiaries are some of our 
Nation’s most vulnerable, who, along with their families, have chosen not to enter into full-time nursing home care at a facility. 
Studies have shown that people re-
ceiving care from PACE organizations have better outcomes and less hos-pitalizations and, more importantly, have more time to spend with their families in their own homes—and that is key. 
The PACE Innovation Act is revenue- 
neutral and widely supported. 
I would like to thank fellow Ways 
and Means Committee members C
HARLES BOUSTANY , MIKEKELLY , LYNN 
JENKINS , EARLBLUMENAUER , BILLPAS-
CRELL , BILLMCDERMOTT , and R ICHARD  
NEAL for their strong support of this 
effort and encourage that the whole House vote to pass S. 1362 under sus-pension of the rules and send it to the President’s desk. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b1815 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the com-
ments from my friend from Texas. Mr. Speaker, there is occasionally a little bit of controversy around the House, a modest amount of disagreement, and, of course, that is just in the Repub-lican conference. There are lots of things that get the spotlight. 
But I appreciate the leadership of my 
friend with our Health Subcommittee on Ways and Means for there are things below the radar screen where we have been working in a thoughtful and bi-partisan way to try and see if we can thread the needle on a number of these things that don’t have to cost a lot of money, and they enable us to be able to refine healthcare opportunities. 
One of the biggest accomplishments 
of the session was getting the SGR monkey off our back to deal with the sustainable growth rate in a bipartisan fashion, and there have been, I want to say, about 12 bills that have moved out of our Health Subcommittee that deal with initiatives going forward. 
What my friend from Texas said 
about the PACE Act is absolutely true. This is an opportunity for us to take a proven set of techniques to help seniors who want to stay at home, who do not want to be in nursing facilities, being able to give them the flexible needs in terms of services, and it works. 
I represent a program in Portland, 
Oregon, Providence ElderPlace. It serves over 1,000 Oregonians. It has got a solid track record. It has costs that are lower than average if they were Medicaid beneficiaries. In some States, these savings can be nearly 30 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.045 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7080 October 21, 2015 
There are opportunities here to be 
able to give better ongoing service. The hospital readmission rate, for example, the program I mentioned in Oregon, is far under the national average of 15.2 percent. It is about half that rate. 
This simply extends this opportunity 
to a broader range of beneficiaries, peo-ple who have complex health condi-tions, but who are younger, for in-stance. They are no less deserving of this opportunity. I am absolutely con-vinced that the results will be every bit as strong. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate having this 
bill move forward, and I appreciate the advocacy of my friend, Mr. S
MITH from 
New Jersey. We seem to find a variety of things to work on together in this Congress, and there is nothing that I think is more important and is going to have more long-term impact for peo-ple who are quite vulnerable. It is going to save the Federal Government money while it provides better out-comes for patients and for their fami-lies. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time urging strong sup-port from my colleagues. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am really proud to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), a real champion for the elderly 
and the fragile who has really been a leader for so many years on this key issue. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, first of all, let me thank K
EVIN BRADY , the chairman, for his ex-
traordinary leadership on this and so many other issues, and Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , with whom we have worked 
together to build a strong bipartisan push for this piece of legislation. 
I do rise in strong support for passage 
of S. 1362, the PACE Innovation Act. Identical to the companion bill that I introduced along with Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , this bill will provide PACE 
programs with flexibility to bring a proven model of care to new popu-lations. The program for all-inclusive care for the elderly, or PACE, is a widely popular program serving over 30,000 seniors around the country. 
For those unfamiliar with PACE, the 
program delivers the entire range of medical and long-term services, includ-ing medical care and prescription drug services, physical or occupational ther-apy, day or respite care, and medical specialties such as dentistry, optom-etry, and podiatry. 
Currently, eligibility for PACE is 
limited to those aged 55 and over who meet State-specified criteria for need-ing nursing home-level care. This pro-gram will provide wellness and keeps people in their homes. It is already doing it. Now more people will benefit from it. It improves outcomes. And this is all for people who otherwise would be paying catastrophic costs for nursing home care. 
Mr. Speaker, PACE has seen a sig-
nificant growth in recent years, includ-ing a 30 percent increase in the number of people receiving services over the 
last 3 years alone. 
PACE has a proven track record in 
my own State of New Jersey where pro-grams currently serve roughly 900 sen-iors throughout the State. 
Just last week, Mr. Speaker, I had 
the opportunity to attend the grand opening and ribbon cutting of a new PACE program in Monmouth County, and it is New Jersey’s fifth program. 
When I first heard about PACE, I 
worked hard to bring this valuable pro-gram to my State back in 2009. Even though it was around before that, it was one of the best kept secrets around. 
They then formed the first PACE 
program called LIFE, Living Independ-ently for Elderly, at St. Francis Med-ical Center in the Trenton and Ham-ilton area. I have visited St. Francis LIFE often since and on its fifth anni-versary was overwhelmed by the appre-ciation of seniors and their families for the program’s ability to raise or main-tain their quality of life. 
The limits, however, and operational 
restrictions placed on PACE do not allow these programs to serve many others in need. Chronological age should not be the determinant. 
If somebody is disabled and could use 
and should use a nursing home and is eligible, this gives another option to the family to keep them at home. The legislation will allow CMS to establish pilot programs and waive restrictions and test how to best deliver results for new populations. 
As Tim Clontz, the chairman of the 
National PACE Association’s Public 
Policy Committee, testified before the Health Subcommittee on the Energy and Commerce Committee, he told sto-ries about a man named Jim G., a 54- year-old man with early-onset Alz-heimer’s disease. 
He was hospitalized for a lung infec-
tion and, as a result, stayed home alone during the day, where he was iso-lated and struggled with activities of daily living, such as personal groom-ing, household chores, and child care. 
His wife quit her job to care for him 
full time, but his needs were more than she could handle. He was permanently placed in a memory care unit, and since PACE was not an option for Jim—remember, he is 54 years old—his wife is crowd-sourcing to try to pay his medical care. This heartbreaking story could have been eliminated. 
I also chair the Alzheimer’s Caucus, 
Mr. Speaker, here in the House, and I can tell you there are many patients with early onset who could benefit and benefit in a very, very significant way with this change in law. 
I look forward to the President’s sig-
nature. Again, I want to thank you, Kevin, for your leadership and your very distinguished staff. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume to close just by saying, again, I express my appreciation to the chair-man and to Mr. S
MITH for moving this 
forward. We find that the evaluations of the 
PACE program have proven that par-ticipants experience better health out-comes, fewer unmet needs, less pain, less likelihood of depression, and fewer hospitalizations and nursing home ad-missions. 
There are people out there now, if we 
make this change, that are ready to ex-tend this higher quality of care for very deserving, needy, and vulnerable people who are younger than the threshold 55 years of age. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge we vote tonight, 
enact it into law, and let these people get to work serving these people in a new and profoundly improved way. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank again 
these champions, Mr. S
MITH and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , for coming together on a 
very important program that makes so much sense. 
This is our mom or our dad, our loved 
one who wants to get care, but doesn’t want to be in that nursing home. It is good for them, it is great for the fam-ily, and it is good for the taxpayers. 
It just makes common sense. Having 
this strong, bipartisan support for this bill I think is every reason for it to pass through this House, to be signed by the President, and be expanded all across America. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong 
support for the PACE Innovation Act and urge its passage. With that, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO ). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 1362. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE SITUATION IN OR IN RELA-TION TO THE DEMOCRATIC RE-PUBLIC OF THE CONGO—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–69) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.104 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7081 October 21, 2015 
the Congress a notice stating that the 
emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond Oc-tober 27, 2015. 
The situation in or in relation to the 
Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has been marked by widespread violence and atrocities that continue to threaten regional stability, con-tinues to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13413 with re-spect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 21, 2015. 
f 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE 
EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BENGHAZI 
(Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, tomor-
row the Select Committee on Benghazi will hold hearings certain to drive con-gressional approval ratings to new lows. The majority leader, the leader of the Republicans, and the New York Re-publican, Mr. H
ANNA , and former Re-
publican Committee staffers have all confessed that the purpose of this com-mittee is no governmental purpose, but the political purpose of driving down Secretary Clinton’s approval ratings and political prospects. And for that, we have spent 4.5 million taxpayer dol-lars. 
Even before those admissions, it was 
apparent that that was the purpose of this committee. They have held four hearings in 17 months and developed nothing of significance. They have abandoned plans to have hearings with top intelligence and defense officials. They have done nothing up until now. Yet, tomorrow, they are set to spend 8 hours grilling one woman. 
Nothing about the tragedy in 
Benghazi has been revealed by this committee, and nothing will be re-vealed tomorrow. All this committee has done is focus on what has been re-ferred to as Secretary Clinton’s damn emails. 
Look at the rules that bind Congress 
on emails. We are free to use any serv-er. We are free to keep and delete or to take the emails with us. 
We have got an 8 percent approval 
rating. It is going down tomorrow as a result of what the Benghazi Committee plans to do. TRINIDAD GARZA EARLY COLLEGE 
HIGH SCHOOL NAMED NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the faculty, staff, and students of Trinidad Garza Early College High School at Mountain View for being named a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School. 
For the last 33 years, the Department 
of Education has recognized superior schools for their academic achieve-ment, their progress in closing achieve-ment gaps, and for demonstrating that all students can achieve high levels of success. 
Nominated by top education officials 
in Texas, Trini Garza is one of 335 schools across the country being recog-nized as a 2015 Blue Ribbon School and one of 28 such schools in the great State of Texas. 
As a dual-degree school, Trinity 
Garza has made it a priority to make students college ready, life ready, and career ready. 
I am proud to represent a school that 
has truly excelled since opening in 2006. Trini Garza, along with 334 other schools, will be recognized at a cere-mony in Washington, D.C., on Novem-ber 9 and 10. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating Trini Garza Early Col-lege High School on this important ac-complishment. 
f 
b1830 
ADDRESS THE DEBT LIMIT AND 
REACH A BIPARTISAN BUDGET AGREEMENT 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
there are just 9 more legislative days to act fully to protect the full faith and credit of the United States before No-vember 3 in order to prevent the risk of a first ever U.S. default. 
We know that a default is not what 
the American people want. It could shatter retirement savings and send in-terest rates for mortgages, student loans, credit cards, and car payments soaring. We know that even a threat of default has serious consequences. 
We have experienced a downgrading 
in our credit before because our friends on the other side of the aisle—Repub-licans—took us to the catastrophic brink. And then, of course, we realized that what we did today, Pay China First Act, does not help the American people. 
If we continue on this pathway, we 
will impact 1.4 million Active-Duty troops by not paying our debt, 4.1 mil-lion disabled veterans who served their country with honor by not paying our debt, 2.3 million veterans who receive home purchasing assistance by not paying our debt, American small busi-nesses that sell goods and services to 
the government and most doctors and hospitals that treat the 53.8 million Medicare patients around the country by not paying our debt. 
We cannot hold the United States 
hostage or our credit hostage. It is time to address in a fair and reasonable manner the debt of the United States, which is the people of the United States. Get rid of sequester, follow our responsibilities, and pay our bills so that we can help those veterans who need help. 
Mr. Speaker, once again House Repub-
licans are putting the narrow partisan interests of their right-wing base ahead of addressing the real challenges and problems facing the American people. 
Congress has only 10 legislative days to act 
to fully protect the full faith and credit of the United States before November 3, in order to prevent the risk of a first-ever U.S. default. 
A default would shatter retirement savings 
and send interest rates for mortgages, student loans, credit cards and car payments soaring. 
We know that even the threat of default has 
serious consequences: plummeting consumer confidence, and drastic slowdowns in job cre-ation and economic growth. 
Instead of taking the threat of catastrophic 
default off the table, this week, Republicans are bringing forward a bill that would give pri-ority to bondholders from China and other for-eign nations would be paid first. 
This bill, more accurately described as the 
‘‘Pay China First Act,’’ puts payments to Amer-
icans at risk, including those to: 1. 1.4 million active duty troops; 2. 4.1 million disabled vet-erans who served their country with honor; 3. 2.3 million veterans who receive home pur-chasing assistance; 4. American small busi-nesses that sell goods and services to the government; 5. Doctors and hospitals that treat the 53.8 million Medicare patients around the country. 
The credit rating of the United States is not 
a hostage to serve Republicans’ toxic special interest ideology. 
Republicans should bring forward a clean 
bill to honor the full faith and credit of the United States immediately. 
Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have 
wasted enormous amount of time on irrespon-sible, futile, and reckless diversions such as trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, defund Planned Parenthood, and use the Benghazi Select Committee as an adjunct of the Republican National Committee to engage in partisan attacks on the leading candidate for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomina-tion. 
Because so much time has been wasted on 
these frivolous issues, we now have the fol-lowing critical deadlines staring us in the face: 
1. October 29: Highway & Transit Trust 
Fund expires, endangering good paying jobs and critical construction projects throughout America; 
2. November 3: Deadline to raise debt ceil-
ing to protect full faith and credit of the United States. 
3. December 11: Deadline to pass a funding 
bill that keeps the government open. 
Americans are already paying a heavy price 
for House Republicans’ legislative mismanage-ment. 
Earlier this summer, Republicans shut down 
the Export-Import Bank for the first time in its 81-year history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.050 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7082 October 21, 2015 
The Bank provides critical financing assist-
ance—at no cost to taxpayers—to small, me-dium, and large-sized U.S. businesses that helps them create jobs here at home and sell their products overseas. 
Just two months after the Bank shut down, 
companies across the country are already feeling negative impacts on their ability to compete in the global marketplace. 
House Republicans also let the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) expire on September 30. 
Created in 1965, it is one of the nation’s 
most successful conservation programs. 
The LWCF uses a small percentage of rev-
enue from offshore oil and gas drilling to in-vest in public lands and local recreation projects, and helps to support more than 6 million U.S. jobs connected with outdoor recre-ation. 
Mr. Speaker, I renew my call that all Mem-
bers of the House and Senate work together and address the real problems and challenges facing the American people and to work with the President to reach agreement on an ap-propriate budget framework that ends seques-tration but does not harm our economy or re-quire draconian cuts to middle-class priorities. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DON 
EDWARDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the 
minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise on 
behalf of the California Democratic congressional delegation to honor the life of Don Edwards, who passed away earlier this month at the age of 100 in his home in Carmel. 
Congressman Don Edwards was some-
one I was proud to know for many years. He was born in San Jose, Cali-fornia, in 1915, growing up on South 13th Street. Living in San Jose at an idyllic time, he took the trolley to play golf as a young man, attended public schools in San Jose, received his bach-elor’s degree from Stanford University, where he later studied law, and was ad-mitted to the Bar Association of Cali-fornia in 1940. 
He became an FBI agent during the 
Depression. He used to talk about his service as an FBI agent, which he jok-ingly referred to as ‘‘long hours look-ing for auto thieves in Indianapolis.’’ But, in fact, he served with great dis-tinction in the FBI, and he went on to serve in the United States Navy as an intelligence officer and a gunnery offi-cer in World War II. 
He was first elected to represent 
what was then California’s Ninth Con-gressional District in 1962, and he 
served for 32 years, until January 3, 1995. 
I remember the first time I saw Con-
gressman Don Edwards. It was before he was a Congressman. He was giving a speech in Mitchell Park in Palo Alto, California. I was just out of elementary school, and I remember how impressed I was and inspired I was by his words. He, in turn, had been inspired by Presi-dent Kennedy to run for Congress, and he was successfully elected that year. 
Over the years, he represented such 
communities as San Jose, Gilroy, Mor-gan Hill, parts of Milpitas, Fremont, and Union City. He served on the Judi-ciary Committee and served as chair-man of the House Subcommittee on Civil Liberties and Civil Rights for 23 years. He also sat on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. 
Now, Congressman Don Edwards was 
one of the foremost defenders of civil liberties in Congress. In the 1970s, along with Senator Frank Church and his committee, they exposed the perva-sive abuses of civil liberties in J. Edgar Hoover’s COINTELPRO, which mon-itored, infiltrated, and disrupted en-tirely lawful civil rights and antiwar organizations; and his stature as a former FBI agent really allowed him to be effective in this role. 
In his first year in the House, he 
voted to abolish the House Un-Amer-ican Activities Committee, and he was involved every year. In fact, I helped him in the early seventies in trying to abolish HUAC. He finally succeeded in 1975. He was involved in the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. He was a dig-nified and important member of the House Judiciary Committee during the consideration of the impeachment of Richard Nixon. And he was known throughout the country as somebody who stood up for the Constitution. 
Earlier today, former Congress-
woman Elizabeth Holtzman came on the floor, and we were talking about former Members’ right to be present on the floor, but they do not have the right to address the Congress as a former Member. She wanted everyone to know that she was so proud that she was able to serve with Congressman Edwards on the Judiciary Committee, and she is not alone where people were able to serve with him. 
His contributions will live on for 
many generations, as demonstrated by the Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildfire Refuge, which was the first urban wildfire refuge in the United States. I remember he used to call the chairman of the committee in the seventies every single morning, saying, ‘‘Where is my wildfire refuge?’’ because such endangered species as the California Clapper Rail and the salt marsh harvest mouse were on the verge of extinction, and now they are not be-cause of his work. 
As I said, he was a stalwart defender 
of the Constitution, a tireless advocate for the rights of women, and was known as the ‘‘Father of the Equal 
Rights Amendment,’’ which he intro-duced every year. 
Congressman Edwards was also 
known as a champion of civil rights. After becoming chairman of the Sub-committee on Civil and Constitutional Rights, then known as Subcommittee Number 4, he managed the Equal Rights Amendment on the House floor in 1971, the extension of the Voting Rights Act in 1982, and all other civil rights bills of the era. 
Now, outside of Congress, he took 
part in civil rights marches in the South. His son Len was a Freedom Rider, and he joined Len Edwards dur-ing the Mississippi Summer. He visited Dr. Martin Luther King when Dr. King was imprisoned in the Birmingham, Alabama, jail. And Don Edwards spoke out against apartheid while visiting South Africa. 
Congressman Don Edwards had a 
long, fulfilling life, and part of that fulfillment was his marriage to Edie Wilkie Edwards until her death in April of 2011. She and he were very in-volved in a group that no longer is ac-tive in the House called Members of Congress for Peace Through Law be-cause they were people who believed that we could have a peaceful world, and the route to peace was the rule of law. 
Congressman Edwards is survived by 
four sons, Len Edwards, Samuel, Bruce, and Thomas, as well as four grand-children and five great-grandchildren. He died peacefully and with a great deal of grace. According to his son Len Edwards: ‘‘He died as he lived, an ele-gant man.’’ 
He leaves a legacy of supporting civil 
rights, advocating for those less fortu-nate in our society, and as being a strong defender of our Constitution. In fact, in his district, they used to call him not the Congressman from the Tenth Congressional District, but the Congressman from the Constitution. 
I am fortunate that when I graduated 
from college in 1970 and I came to Washington without a job, I walked into his office and he hired me. I worked for him for nearly 9 years, both here in Washington and in his district in San Jose. He helped me enormously by giving me time off to take exams while I was taking my law school class-es. He helped me and mentored me, and I feel a great debt of gratitude to him personally for all he did to help me, but mainly to inspire me and a whole gen-eration of Americans to believe in their country and to believe in their Constitution and to believe in the rule of law and civil rights. 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from California, (Mr. F
ARR), my col-
league. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. 
LOFGREN for yielding, the chair of our 
wonderful California delegation, the largest Democratic delegation in Con-gress. 
When I arrived in Congress in a spe-
cial election in 1993, Don Edwards was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.051 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7083 October 21, 2015 
the dean, the chair of the Democratic 
delegation, the same delegation that his former employee, Congresswoman Z
OELOFGREN , now holds. He was the fa-
ther figure for all of us from California, and I think of this entire Congress when you look at his remarkable record. 
It is ironic that Don Edwards grew up 
in a Republican family in the Stanford area in Santa Clara Valley, attended Stanford University, was captain of the golf team, did very well in golf, and so much so that the district that I rep-resent every year hosts what was for-merly known as the Bing Crosby Clam-bake, now the AT&T Pro-Am Golf Tournament. And Don Edwards told me that he carried his pro, he got a better score than his pro, and they won the tournament the first Clambake at Peb-ble Beach. 
He soon became president of the 
Young Republicans. He quickly there-after left the Young Republicans and became a very, very liberal Democrat. I asked him once as he retired, as Con-gresswoman L
OFGREN said, to Carmel, 
California—he retired to a home right next to the home that I grew up in and my sister still lives in, so we had many, many nights with him and Edie discussing politics, and I once asked him: What made you become a Demo-crat? He said: Well, you know, Sam, after I got out of Stanford, I was in the FBI right after law school, and after I knew what the government could do to you through the FBI, I decided that I better be on the other side to protect the rights of individuals. 
He then became a Navy intelligence 
officer. One of the things that hap-pened when he left the FBI—he was no fan of the head of the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover—he asked Congress to audit the FBI. Well, the FBI had never been au-dited. All of the seizure of the equip-ment and goods and things that they had taken in the arrest were used to support them internally, and people thought that there might be some foul play there. Because he asked for that audit, he was on their blacklist. A former FBI agent knew a little bit too much about what was going on inside the FBI and with J. Edgar Hoover. 
As a Member of Congress—it is really 
interesting. He got elected when John F. Kennedy was President, and he left Congress when Bill Clinton was Presi-dent, so all of those President’s be-tween Kennedy and Clinton, Don Edwards had served with. If anybody, he was probably the most dapper, best dressed, politest, nicest human being on this floor. 
He had great friends on the Repub-
lican side of the aisle, even though he was such a liberal Member of the Democratic Party. One of his friends was Hamilton Fish from New York. They worked together on many of these remarkable acts: the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the rogue Voting Rights Act of 1965. He became chair of the Subcommittee on Civil and Constitu-tional Rights, and he managed the equal rights amendment on the House 
floor. He was a constitutional civil rights-human rights expert and pas-sionate about his feelings of the law to protect people. 
When Don and Edie retired to Car-
mel, California, they brought with them a lot of their friends from Wash-ington, and in his home State of Cali-fornia, we used to have wonderful din-ner parties together. He was still a member of Cypress Point Golf Club, a very exclusive golf club. In fact, he was the longest surviving member of that club. 
b1845 
Unfortunately, Edie predeceased 
him—his wonderful wife for many years, whom we all loved—and we were saddened about her development of 
lung cancer, and she died. 
Don wanted to have a memorial serv-
ice for her at a local church and then the reception at the Cypress Point Country Club, one of the most conserv-ative golf clubs in the United States. Don was very proud after the church service to have invited everybody, and he proudly stated that this was the largest collection of Democrats that had ever been at the Cypress Point Country Club. 
He had a great sense of humor, lots of 
friends. He was a remarkable human being who was able to work across the aisle, something we miss today. With that, he was able to accomplish some of the greatest laws of this country in the modern era. 
He was a good friend of Republicans 
and Democrats, but, most of all, he was the friend of the animals and of the people who could not speak for them-selves. We will sorely miss this great man, who served this great institution for a long, long time. 
My wife sends all her best. She was 
at his bedside when he died, and she was part of his caretaking team. We will have services for him in Carmel this Sunday, and there will be services in the San Jose area and future serv-ices here in Washington. 
So I just stand tonight to give you 
my thoughts on my relationship with a great man, Don Edwards, who cham-pioned civil rights and died at the age of 100. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Thank you, S
AM 
FARR. 
I now yield to the gentlewoman from 
San Francisco, California (Ms. P ELOSI ). 
Ms. PELOSI. Thank you very much, 
Congressman Z OELOFGREN , the chair 
of the House Democrats of California, for calling us together in a Special Order to honor a truly great man. 
I want to associate myself with the 
remarks that have gone before and to say to S
AMFARR: Thank you to you 
and to Shary for the love and affection and care that you gave not only to Don Edwards, but to Edie Wilkie, for such a long time. We all talked about how much we loved them. You were there for them all the time, and we are com-pletely, entirely, in your debt. Thank you for the love that you gave them. Thank you again, Z
OELOFGREN and 
the entire California delegation, for or-chestrating this Special Order hour. 
Tonight, Mr. Speaker, we honor an 
august statesman who labored with dignity, led with integrity, and lived with courage, William Donlon—other-wise known as ‘‘Don Edwards’’—who passed away last month at the age of 100. 
His life was a gift to the Nation. He protected our communities 
through his service as an FBI agent. He protected our country through his service in the U.S. Navy during World War II. He moved our country forward through his service as a U.S. Congress-man. 
Service. Leadership. Patriotism. Don 
Edwards. 
Don reminded us that how we live 
our values matters; so he fought for fair pay, becoming the ‘‘Father of the Equal Rights Amendment.’’ He stood with the Freedom Riders at a time when they were written off as trouble-makers and agitators. He championed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and fought to protect freedom of speech. He spoke up for workers, for our environment, for the resources needed to improve our country, and for future generations. 
As chair of the House Judiciary Sub-
committee on Civil and Constitutional Rights for more than 20 years, Don be-came the ‘‘conscience of the Congress’’ and strived to ensure that all Ameri-cans enjoyed equality of opportunity. 
He took great pride in the fact that 
he was the floor leader for the Equal Rights Amendment, that he managed that bill. During his 32 years in the 
House, Congressman Edwards helped change the course of history. So sig-nificant was his leadership. 
Oddly enough, Don won his first elec-
tion to any office in 1950 when he was elected president of the California Young Republicans. Throughout his life, Don’s ability to respect all view-points made him a remarkable leader who was respected by Members on both sides of the aisle. When he was 88 years old, Don reminded us that the world works better when we get along, and that is what we owe everybody. 
In California, we hold a special place 
of honor for Congressman Edwards, the long-time dean of the California Demo-cratic delegation. The beautiful, pris-tine Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge serves as a tribute to his efforts to preserve our environment and our ideals for future generations. 
In fact, he, as a modern-day man and 
as a Member of Congress, with his love of nature and all living things, was probably as close to a model of St. Francis of Assisi as we have ever seen— Don Edwards, a gentle, beautiful man. 
Don Edwards never stopped serving 
our country, and his achievements will stand forever as a living monument to his determined vision and legendary ability. But it wasn’t just about that. It is how he encouraged others. 
I can tell you, when I came to Con-
gress 28 years ago, there were only 23 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.110 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7084 October 21, 2015 
women in the House out of 435—12 
Democrats, 11 Republicans. To say that we weren’t always paid full attention to sounds almost like complaining, but it was a fact. Nobody ever asked, ‘‘What do you think?’’ to any of the women Members. I mean, we made our voices heard, of course, but nobody ever asked, ‘‘What do you think?’’ ex-cept Don Edwards. 
Don Edwards would ask, ‘‘What do 
you think of this?’’ to each of us, espe-cially when he was dealing with issues that related directly to us. But even well beyond that, whether we were talking about national security, eco-nomic growth—whatever the subject— Don would always ask us, ‘‘What do you think?’’ 
I can remember hearing him ask, 
‘‘Nancy, what do you think?’’ 
And I said, ‘‘Don, do you know how 
unusual that is, to hear you say that?’’ 
And he would ask, ‘‘Why do you say 
that?’’ 
And I said, ‘‘Because not many peo-
ple around here, of the four hundred and something versus the 23, come up and ask the few women who are here what we think.’’ 
But he was always about encouraging 
people to reach their fulfillment and to see what their contribution could do for the common good. 
Sadly, we lost Edie Wilkie a few 
years ago. As S
AMFARRmentioned, she 
predeceased Don by a number of years. He worshiped Edie, and they were a real team for equality, for peace, for disarmament, for protecting the envi-ronment, for promoting opportunity and fairness. They were such a team. 
So I hope it is a comfort now to his 
children and to his grandchildren—to all he loved—that so many people throughout the world and, certainly, in our country mourn the loss of a con-summate public servant, a proud Cali-fornian, and a proud American. 
May his legacy long endure in this 
House, and may it challenge all of us to do more and to do better on behalf of America’s working families. 
Thank you again, Congresswoman 
Z
OELOFGREN , for bringing us together. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Thank you, Madam 
Leader. 
It is wonderful for those who served 
with Don Edwards, for those who knew him by reputation, and for those who worked for him to— 
Ms. PELOSI. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. LOFGREN. I yield to the gentle-
woman. 
Ms. PELOSI. I would like to say how 
proud he was and thrilled he was that Congresswoman Z
OE LOFGREN was 
going to succeed him in the Congress. He made that well known to all of us. So his service continues his leadership in your excellent service and leader-ship in the Congress. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Thank you, Madam 
Leader. 
Now I turn to my colleague from 
California who was able to serve with Congressman Edwards for the first 2 years of her service here in the Con-
gress, Congresswoman A
NNAESHOO . 
Ms. ESHOO. I thank the gentle-
woman from California, the chair of the California Democratic delegation, and my dear friend and colleague. 
Mr. Speaker, it is really, I think, bit-
tersweet this evening because we loved Congressman Don Edwards so much, and it is hard to imagine the world without him. 
He was the kind of human being that 
you wanted to have live forever. In-stead, his contributions to our Nation, to the State of California, to his com-munity are a record that will be re-vered for generations and generations and generations to come. 
There is a lot that has already been 
said about Don, beautiful things that have been said about Don, how he grad-uated from Stanford University and Stanford Law School, how he began his professional career as an FBI agent, and how he joined the Navy as an intel-ligence officer. 
So he served our country in many 
different roles, and, of course, the crown of his public service career was right here in the House of the people, the House of Representatives. He was a small-business man in a business that his father owned and that he became a part of during the 1950s, and then, of course, he was elected as a Democrat. 
In fact, I still have in my office an in-
vitation that Don had sent out. I think it must have been for some fundraiser that he had had, but the cover of that invitation has Don Edwards standing next to a very young President of the United States, John F. Kennedy. 
Young children and those who helped 
elect John F. Kennedy and anyone else who comes through my office very often remark about the picture. It is something that I cherish, that my staff cherishes, and my constituents do. 
It has been said that he was elected 
to be the president of the California Young Republicans. That is a very prestigious organization, and I can just see Don, elegant in every way. 
He dressed magnificently. He had the 
most beautiful posture. The way he carried himself, he almost kind of glid-ed down the hall. 
But he had a deep sense of humility 
about him. We talk about his greatness and his goodness, and he was never one to want to be served. His joy was in serving. And so he had more than a healthy dose of humility about him. 
Don Edwards had an eloquence about 
him that ran as deep as his beliefs. In my lifetime, he had two great love af-fairs. One was Edie, and the other was the Constitution. He loved the flag. 
He understood that that was a sym-
bol of our country, but he knew that the Constitution, our Constitution, was the soul of our Nation, and that is where he embedded himself—in the Constitution and in the subcommittee that did its work to always reinforce and establish the constitutionality and make the Constitution live for people who it had not touched yet. If there is anything that would be 
noble, I think that that is, and the record that he built was one where he was the foremost champion of civil rights, having drafted every civil rights bill in the House of Representatives for two decades. What a record. What a magnificent record. 
He loved his community. I remember 
when he announced that he was retir-ing. He thanked his constituents for the patience that they had extended to him because, I think, many times in the debate about what is constitutional and how to extend rights to people, it is not always very popular in the be-ginning. 
We love our history once it has been 
made, but we struggle very hard and don’t always recognize the opportunity at hand in that history is being made. In his gentle, elegant way, he thanked his constituents for the patience that they had had with him in that they had stayed with him so that he could do the work that he did on their behalf. 
b1900 
He famously said, in the 1982 exten-
sion of the Voting Rights Act: ‘‘If you can’t vote, you are not a real citizen.’’ So he understood where the nub of the dignity of citizenship rested: voting. I don’t think he could really comprehend why the Voting Rights Act is not being brought up today so that we can all vote on it and improve what is so es-sential in the life of the citizens of our country. 
I think, Mr. Speaker, that Congress-
man Edwards would be very proud of his colleagues in the California Demo-cratic delegation today, starting with our chair, Z
OELOFGREN , who not only 
worked side by side with him, but now chairs our delegation. 
The values that he carried, the val-
ues that he loved and that he made so real and shared with everyone in the House, whether colleagues agreed or disagreed with him, they drew a great sense of joy from him because they knew the love of our Constitution and of our country that he carried, and so they respected him. What he carried and did here, I think he would be very proud of his fellow Californians for car-rying those traditions on. 
I want to pay tribute especially to 
Shary Farr, Congressman S
AMFARR’s 
wife. As I said to Shary, because she was there when Don took his last breath, I feel that we were all there with him because she was. She did so much in seeing to the great care that was given to him until he took his last breath. 
There is a poet that wrote: And so he 
passed on, and all the trumpets sound-ed on the other side. 
God bless you, Don Edwards, for what 
you gave and created for our country. We bless your name, and we thank you for your service. It is an honor to honor you. We love the Edwards family, and we always will. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Thank you, Congress-
woman E
SHOO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.111 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7085 October 21, 2015 
You know, it is a small community 
that we have in Santa Clara County, even though we have millions of people who live in the region. 
After Don Edwards was elected, there 
was a young mayor called Norm Mi-neta who wanted to run for Congress. We went to the max trying to help Norm Mineta trying be elected to Con-gress, and he ultimately was. 
Later, Norm Mineta helped a young 
fellow to the max get elected, and we were so proud that that young legis-lator was also successful in being elect-ed to Congress, actually in the seat that overlapped that was formerly Norm Mineta’s seat. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. H
ONDA ), my colleague in 
Santa Clara County and also southern Alameda County. 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congresswoman Z
OELOFGREN . I just 
want to thank her for putting this event together this evening. 
Tonight, we heard many words de-
scribed by folks who have known Don Edwards personally in work and part of his life. We are here tonight to honor my friend Congressman Don Edwards. 
Also, a native San Jose, Don was 
really a true statesman, the likes of which you don’t find often these days. Today, we work to further the modern progressive agenda that he believed in. Our work would not be possible with-out standing on the shoulders of giants such as Don Edwards who came before us. Don was one of those people that I stood upon his shoulders. 
When I first ran for Congress, I went 
to him and I asked for his advice, be-cause I never had the opportunity to work him. I did work with his sons, and one especially, Len Edwards, who was a judge. 
As a school person, I could see the 
kind of impact that Don has had on his son, Len Edwards, who was a judge. Len was the kind of guy that extended himself, also, as did his dad. He used to run truancy court in the school site that I was a principal of, which is real-ly unique. And this is the kind of leg-acy that Don Edwards has left behind, a uniqueness of the kind of person that he was. 
Don was never afraid to take a stand 
if he knew it to be right. At every turn, he stood up for what he believed in. 
When I ran for Congress, I asked him 
for his advice, and he just very com-fortably looked at me and said: Just do the right thing. 
I think that, here in Congress, we 
often are challenged to do the right thing and not the political thing. Sometimes to do the right thing means to stand in the face of popular winds, knowing that you are doing the right thing in spite of the fact that other folks, other dynamics are trying to move the ship in another direction. 
He was the kind of person that was 
really a stalwart, a true champion of civil and constitutional rights in his nearly three decades in Congress. In 1963, in his first year in Congress, he voted to abolish the House Committee 
on Un-American Activities. He went on to be the champion of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. And as early as 1972, he was ef-fectively working to protect our envi-ronment, authoring a bill to establish the National Wildlife Refuge in San Francisco Bay. 
Although he was a self-described lib-
eral Democrat, Congressman Edwards consistently worked across the aisle, including the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990 and the Civil Rights Act of 1991, which bol-stered employees’ rights. 
Because of his fearlessness, today we 
are able to work for more progressive change. Because of his leadership and his modeling, I have been able to use him as my compass in making the right decisions and understanding, to do the right thing. We have to stand up to fear-mongering and seek to ensure that all people are free of fear from bullying, persecution, racism, and sexism. We talk today about equality for women and the need for equal pay for equal work. 
As an educator myself and a prin-
cipal for over 30 years, I am really grateful for the legacy that Don left in the field of education. Himself a prod-uct of California public schools, he started the conversation that I now proudly bring my voice to, and that is the need to preserve the civil and con-stitutional rights for all people. 
I know that he agreed that education 
is also a civil right, and we must find a path to a quality education that is equitable for each and every child. 
I thank my friend and colleague, 
Congresswoman L
OFGREN , for hosting 
this Special Order. It has been said that her experiences and her life expe-riences are entwined with Congressman Don Edwards. She knew Don better than most of us. Not only was she one of his staffers, but she went on to hold his seat in Congress, as it was said be-fore. 
I think that Don would look upon her 
work and her leadership and her stal-wartness and say she is doing the right thing, she is doing it the right way, and she is a person of conscience. I think that would make him very proud. 
Not long ago, I was incredibly hon-
ored to have someone tell me that I come from a place of fairness and equality. That is our area. That is the area that all of us represent: Congress-woman A
NNA ESHOO , Z OELOFGREN , 
Leader P ELOSI , myself, and others. 
Congresswoman L OFGREN has said 
once that Congressman Edwards had a 
tremendous sense of fair play, and it is my hope that, together, my colleagues and I can honor his legacy not just to-night, but as we approach our work. When we stand up for religious lib-erties, true equality for women, for American workers, I think Don might look down and smile upon the kind of work that we are attempting to do. 
I learned one thing also from Don 
Edwards: the importance of giving voice to those who don’t have one. It was mentioned that Norm Mineta 
was one of the folks that Don Edwards has maxed out for. When Norm Mineta was leading the effort to pass the Civil 
Liberties Act of 1988, Don Edwards was right there with him to make sure that the mistake that this country had foisted upon Americans of Japanese de-scent in 1942 was recognized. Because of his work and his leadership, along with Norm Mineta, they were able to be suc-cessful in the 100th Congress passing H.R. 442, which was signed into law by President Reagan. 
That was done because there was an 
intense understanding of the Constitu-tion and the violation of the Constitu-tion back in 1942 that our government had consciously foisted upon 120,000 members of its own country. That ef-fort took over 10 years here in Con-gress. So it is persistence and an under-standing that to do the right thing, sometimes it takes persistence and educating other people who would not otherwise have thought about what happened in 1942. 
So I am here because of that work. I 
am here because of that tremendous ef-fort to make sure that people of dif-ferent backgrounds, although they may look different, have different religions, different upbringing, different lan-guage, different culture, different foods, that they also are accepted as Americans. He gave a voice to us, and that voice allowed us to be able to be-come participating Members of this Congress. 
So, in that modeling, when folks in 
my own district come up to me and say, we know that you didn’t have a voice and someone gave you a voice afterwards, we need a voice in Congress also, that sort of led me to understand and to move in the same direction that Don Edwards would want us to and to be a voice for those who don’t have a voice. 
For the Ethiopian community, we be-
came a voice. For the Sikh commu-nity, we became a voice. For the Mus-lim community, we became a voice. For those who have been bullied day in and day out because of who they are, we became a voice. This is the legacy that Don Edwards has left with us, and it is an unfinished business that we need to continue to move forward on. It was because of his consciousness, his leadership, his firm belief in doing the right thing in every instance, in spite of the fact that it may not be popular at the moment but it is constitutional, that we continue to move forward. 
So I just want to end with thanking 
my friend, Congresswoman L
OFGREN , 
for hosting this hour. I am truly hon-ored and privileged to stand here today and pay tribute to the long legacy of our friend, Don Edwards. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congressman H
ONDA for that statement 
and for his leadership in following the example of Don Edwards. 
You know, when Don Edwards an-
nounced he was going to retire after 32 years in Congress, I called him—actu-ally, I heard a rumor—and I begged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.113 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7086 October 21, 2015 
him not to do it, that we needed him in 
Congress. 
He said, there are some new guys on 
the Judiciary Committee. You don’t have to worry about civil rights and civil liberties because they are in good hands, and one of those people was B
OBBY SCOTT. 
I yield to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. S COTT). 
b1915 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the gentlewoman for giving me the opportunity to speak in honor of the recently departed Congressman William Donlon ‘‘Don’’ Edwards, a civil rights champion, supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment, defender of the Constitution. 
I am proud to say that, as a freshman 
in Congress, I had the honor to serve with Congressman Edwards on the Committee on the Judiciary. I would just like to say a few words about his work on that committee. 
Congressman Edwards was the living 
embodiment of the phrase ‘‘Equal Jus-tice Under Law,’’ the words etched above the main entrance of the United States Supreme Court Building. When he arrived to Congress in 1963, he 
noted: ‘‘11 States in the Old South practiced apartheid. There was a House Un-American Activities Committee. And the FBI was out of control threat-ening individual liberties.’’ 
As a freshman, he wasted no time 
adapting to his new role in Congress because he recalled that, when he ar-rived on Capitol Hill, ‘‘Black people couldn’t vote in large parts of the country, and if they did, they’d get hanged.’’ 
After visiting the American South 
where his son Leonard worked to reg-ister African Americans to vote, he wrote a letter to Dr. Martin Luther King, telling him that he understood ‘‘the absolute necessity for the imme-diate passage’’ of the Civil Rights Act, and he told Dr. King that ‘‘we stand ready to support your efforts here in Washington.’’ With that, he proceeded to work to secure the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
He rose quickly to the rank of chair-
man of the House Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights in 1971. In that capacity, he took on major issues, such as the Equal Rights Amendment, which fell just three States short of ratification. 
Congressman Edwards said, ‘‘It is the 
irresistible impulse of government to assume more power. My role has been to say no.’’ That statement perfectly captures his drive to eliminate the House Un-American Activities Com-mittee in 1975 and his disapproval of President Nixon’s unauthorized use of government agencies to harass polit-ical opponents. 
Congressman Edwards worked tire-
lessly to gain the passage of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act in 1990, the Fair Housing Amendments Act, and the Civil Rights Act of 1991. He successfully fought to extend the 
Voting Rights Act in 1982 over the ob-jections of President Reagan, who wanted to end the Justice Depart-ment’s preclearance power. At the time, Congressman Edwards said sim-ply, ‘‘If you can’t vote, you are not a real citizen.’’ 
Unfortunately, in 2013, the Supreme 
Court essentially struck down the Jus-tice Department’s preclearance powers under the Voting Rights Act in the Shelby County v. Holder decision. 
When Congressman Edwards retired 
in 1994, the late Republican Congress-man and former chair of the House Committee on the Judiciary, Henry Hyde, said this of Congressman Edwards: ‘‘He is relentlessly liberal, but that’s not a vice. The battle for the fullest expression of civil liberties is losing a general, not a foot soldier.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I was honored to serve, 
although briefly, with this great gen-eral who battled for equal justice and equal rights. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congressman S
COTT for those wonder-
ful words. 
We have quite a number of California 
Members as well as others who have asked for their statements to be put in the R
ECORD , as our time is expiring at 
this point, but I just would like to make a couple of final comments. 
We have talked about Don Edwards’ 
legislative record, but it really was rooted in his values. He was someone who cared about people who didn’t have enough, and when he rewrote the Bankruptcy Act, he was thinking about working people who couldn’t ac-tually make ends meet. 
When the service workers in the 
House were laid off every time the House recessed and without any ability to actually have a paycheck, the one person they sought for help was Con-gressman Don Edwards. 
I remember lobbyists came in to 
lobby in favor of discrimination against women, and I was on his staff. He said, ‘‘Well, let me call in the young lawyer I rely on for this.’’ When I walked in, that was sort of the end of the conversation. 
He lived a long time. He changed this 
world for the better. We loved him greatly. The fact that so many people went out to California to help him— former staffers, people like Jim Copeland and Debbie McFarland, who actually went out to make sure he had what he needed—was a tribute to the kind of person he was. 
As has been mentioned, he was very 
liberal, but he got along with people who were very conservative. I remem-ber he and Henry Hyde, as ranking member, got along quite well and had a great deal of respect for each other. 
At this point, I would just like to say 
that we miss Don Edwards. We honor his life and contributions. We know that we cannot mourn him. For his 100 years, he made a difference, he made our country better, and we love him for it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Congressman Don Edwards, a champion for civil rights, a defender of civil liberties, and a tireless advocate for the resi-dents of California. 
Congressman Edwards dedicated his life to 
public service, from serving as a naval officer during World War II, to his time at the FBI, to his decades of work in the House of Rep-resentatives on behalf of his constituents. 
Through all of the phases of his life he re-
mained true to his principles, fighting for un-derserved and underrepresented communities no matter what the cost. 
A San Jose native and graduate of Stanford 
University, Congressman Edwards entered the House of Representatives in 1962, ultimately participating in the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
In the following decades, the Congressman 
diligently defended, and led efforts to pre-serve, this critical legislation so that all Ameri-cans can today better exercise their Constitu-tional rights. As Chairman of the Sub-committee on Civil and Constitutional Rights in the House Judiciary Committee he was dedi-cated to increasing legal protections for women and minorities. His work to level the playing field continued with his leadership in the House Judiciary Committee on the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990, which en-sured that citizens with disabilities have ac-cess to the same opportunities as all Ameri-cans. 
Congressman Don Edwards was also instru-
mental in preserving some of our greatest na-tional treasures in California. In the early 1970s, Congressman Edwards was one of the key leaders in the creation of the San Fran-cisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge, which was later named in his honor in 1995. His dedica-tion to environmental protection, specifically preserving urban wetlands, will ensure that generations to come will enjoy California’s beautiful landscape. 
During his 32 years in the House of Rep-
resentatives and as the dean of the California Democratic delegation, Congressman 
Edwards was always guided by a sense of justice and fairness; earning the respect of his colleagues and working with both parties to get things done for the people of California and the citizens of our great nation. His legacy will continue to serve as an example for us all in Congress and he will be greatly missed. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of former Congressman Don Edwards, a man this body remembers as a champion for civil rights and American work-ers, and I remember as a kind and compas-sionate mentor. 
With civility and dignity, Congressman 
Edwards fought the most important civil rights battles of our generation. He challenged dis-crimination against African-Americans, women, people with disabilities, and others seeking equal protection under the law. 
He was also a strong defender of free 
speech and a fierce advocate for the environ-ment, well before protecting the environment was a common or popular cause. 
Congressman Edwards fought for the little 
guy and everyone knew it. In fact, when Con-gress would routinely fire all the food service workers on Capitol Hill as a quick fix to budget issues, the workers would appeal to the Con-gressman from California to stand up for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21OC7.114 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7087 October 21, 2015 
them—even though he wasn’t on the com-
mittee that made the decision. 
He truly was the conscience of the Con-
gress. 
My most vivid memory of Congressman 
Edwards was in 1992, when I narrowly lost my first race for the House. He was the dean of the California delegation at the time, and I was attending the orientation for new Members of Congress, not knowing whether I would ulti-mately be elected. 
In those moments of great anxiety, he 
showed me great kindness. He walked with me, distracted me from the election news and demonstrated the class and sincerity that he was known for. 
Congressman Edwards had a tremendous 
impact on me and many other people across the country. His legacy is a reminder of Con-gress’ capacity to do great things. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3762, RESTORING AMERI-CANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015; WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–303) on the resolution (H. Res. 483) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2016; waiving a re-
quirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Com-mittee on Rules; and providing for con-sideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, October 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. John Moolenaar ............................................... 9 /23 9 /23 Cuba ............................................. ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... ....................
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR, Oct. 5, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Oct. 7, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND S EPT. 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Louise Slaughter ............................................. * ................. .......................................... ..................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 253.96  .................... 253.96 
Rose Laughlin .......................................................... * ................. ..................................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 53.96 .................... 253.96 
Hon. James McGovern ............................................. 6 /27 6 /28 Kuwait ............................................. ...... .................... 105.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 105.00 
6 /28 6 /29 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 11.00 
6 /29 6 /30 Jordan ................................................... .................... 191.00 .................... ........... ......... (3) .................... .................... 191.00 
6 /30 7 /2 Turkey ................................................... .................... 178.00 .................... ............ ........ (3) .................... .................... 178.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 485.00 .................... .................... .................... 507.92 ........... ......... 992.92 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
* Travel Cancellation. 
HON. PETE SESSIONS, Chairman, Oct. 6, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3216. A letter from the Director, National 
Institute of Food and Agriculture, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Competitive and Noncompetitive Non-formula Federal Assist-ance Programs — Specific Administrative Provisions for the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Grants Program (RIN: 0524-AA65) received October 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-
culture. 
3217. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Infant Formula: The Addition of Minimum and Maximum Levels of Selenium to Infant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.053 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7088 October 21, 2015 
Formula and Related Labeling Require-
ments; Confirmation of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2013-N-0067] received Octo-ber 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3218. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.1216 of the Commission’s Rules Related to Broadcast Li-censee-Conducted Contests [MB Docket No.: 14-226] [RM-11684] received October 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3219. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3220. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Executive and Political Personnel, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a report pur-suant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3221. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3222. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3223. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Alaska; Hunting and Trapping in National Preserves [NPS- AKRO-18755; PPAKAKROZ5, PPMPRLE1Y.L00000] (RIN: 1024-AE21) re-ceived October 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3224. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Executive Office for Immigration Review, Department of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — List of Pro Bono Legal Service Providers for Individuals in Immigration Proceedings [EOIR Docket No.: 164P; A.G. Order No.: 3565-2015] (RIN: 1125- AA62) received October 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
3225. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Executive Office for Immigration Review, Department of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Separate Represen-tation for Custody and Bond Proceedings [EOIR Docket No.: 181; AG Order No.: 3563- 2015] (RIN: 1125-AA78) received October 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
3226. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Chief Financial Officer, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Administrative Wage Gar-nishment Procedures (RIN: 1290-AA27) re-ceived October 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251;; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
3227. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Employment and Training, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Temporary Agricultural Em-ployment of H-2A Foreign Workers in the Herding or Production of Livestock on the Range in the United States (RIN: 1205-AB70) received October 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
3228. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Recovery Auditing in Medicare for Fis-cal Year 2014’’, in accordance with Sec. 1893(h) of the Social Security Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1384. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of certain persons by honoring them with status as vet-erans under law (Rept. 114–302). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 483. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to sec-tion 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; waiving a require-ment of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions re-ported from the Committee on Rules; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–303). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: 
H.R. 3776. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to provide for automatic con-tinuing resolutions; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 
By Mr. RIGELL: 
H.R. 3777. A bill to provide for relief from 
sequester under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and offsets to such relief through reforms in cer-tain revenue and direct spending programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Budget, Energy and Com-merce, the Judiciary, Education and the Workforce, Oversight and Government Re-form, Homeland Security, Financial Serv-ices, and Agriculture, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. 
R
IBBLE ): 
H.R. 3778. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, with respect to vehicle weight limitations for certain logging vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. VALADAO (for himself, Mr. 
S
WALWELL of California, Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. R OYCE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. K INZINGER  
of Illinois, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. J ONES , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
DENHAM , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 3779. A bill to restrict the inclusion of 
social security account numbers on docu-ments sent by mail by the Federal Govern-
ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mrs. 
B
LACKBURN , and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 3780. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to sunset certain pen-alties relating to meaningful electronic health records use by Medicare eligible pro-fessionals and hospitals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. H ECK of Washington, 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas): 
H.R. 3781. A bill to amend parts B and E of 
title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home with their families, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. 
C
OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
H.R. 3782. A bill to amend the Juvenile Jus-
tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to eliminate the use of valid court orders to secure lockup of status offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. 
C
OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
H.R. 3783. A bill to provide definitions of 
terms and services related to community- based gang intervention to ensure that fund-ing for such intervention is utilized in a cost-effective manner and that community- based agencies are held accountable for pro-viding holistic, integrated intervention serv-ices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CARNEY (for himself, Mr. 
D
UFFY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. C REN-
SHAW ): 
H.R. 3784. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation and a Small Business Capital Forma-tion Advisory Committee, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21OC7.000 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7089 October 21, 2015 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 3785. A bill to prohibit Executive 
agencies from using the derogatory term ‘‘alien’’ to refer to an individual who is not a citizen or national of the United States, to amend chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, to establish a uniform definition for the term ‘‘foreign national’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-
self and Mr. P
ETERS ): 
H.R. 3786. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 and the Truth in Lending Act to clarify the application of prepayment amounts on student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , and Mr. C RAWFORD ): 
H.R. 3787. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to improve public under-standing of how transportation investments are made by public agencies through estab-lishing greater transparency and account-ability processes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3788. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to develop performance measures for assessing transportation connectivity and accessibility for highway and public transportation systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3789. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish a memorial head-stone or marker to commemorate an eligible individual whose remains are identified and available but the location of the gravesite is unknown; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 3790. A bill to improve science, tech-
nology, engineering, and mathematics edu-cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. LOVE (for herself and Mr. 
L
UETKEMEYER ): 
H.R. 3791. A bill to raise the consolidated 
assets threshold under the small bank hold-ing company policy statement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 3792. A bill to assist young adults with 
obtaining or regaining driver’s licenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Ms. B ONAMICI ): 
H.R. 3793. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-
cans Act of 1965 to provide equal treatment of LGBT older individuals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Mr. 
P
ERLMUTTER ): 
H.R. 3794. A bill to amend the Liability 
Risk Retention Act of 1986 to expand the types of commercial insurance authorized for risk retention groups serving nonprofit organizations and educational institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 3795. A bill to improve certain provi-
sions relating to charter schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 3796. A bill to amend section 232 of the 
National Housing Act to provide that nurs-ing homes receiving low ratings for purposes of the Medicare or Medicaid programs are in-eligible for mortgage insurance under such section, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H. Res. 484. A resolution congratulating 
the Government and people of the Republic of Turkey as they celebrate Republic Day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia, Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. S ALMON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-
ida, Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. D ENT, Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R USSELL , 
Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. M IMI 
WALTERS of California, Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C RENSHAW , and Mr. 
MACARTHUR ): 
H. Res. 485. A resolution expressing soli-
darity with the people of Israel in the wake of recent terrorist attacks and condemning the Palestinian Authority for inciting an at-mosphere of violence; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: 
H.R. 3776. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution: 
‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, inposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statemetn and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. RIGELL: 
H.R. 3777. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 11: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing 
Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitition in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 3778. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. VALADAO: 
H.R. 3779. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 3780. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 3781. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 3782. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 3783. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 3784. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 3785. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Constitutional Authority—Necessary and 
Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CONGRESS 
CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 3786. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: 
H.R. 3787. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3788. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States, which states: 
The Congress shall have the power to make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21OC7.100 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7090 October 21, 2015 
United States, or in any Department or Offi-
cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3789. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause XVIII—The 
Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying in to execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested . . . 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 3790. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mrs. LOVE: 
H.R. 3791. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 3792. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: 
H.R. 3793. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 3794. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 3795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 3796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 1, 3, and 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. M CKINLEY and Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
H.R. 224: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. H AHN, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 226: Mr. V AN HOLLEN and Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 290: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 309: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 343: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. P INGREE , 
and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 379: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 425: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 532: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 542: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 556: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 581: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 592: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 703: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 731: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 746: Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 775: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 814: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 836: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 842: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 850: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 870: Mr. C ROWLEY and Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H.R. 921: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 938: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 953: Ms. L EE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
POCAN , and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 985: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. 
KIND. 
H.R. 989: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 1019: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1061: Ms. L EEand Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1090: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1185: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1211: Ms. T SONGAS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C OLE, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R EED, Ms. E STY, 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
ROSKAM . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 1301: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. L ATTA , and 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1343: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
TONKO . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and 
Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. K EATING , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 1430: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1457: Mr. P ITTS. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
COOK, and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1542: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1651: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1680: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1692: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1733: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. P ITTS. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. M ARINO , and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1747: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1758: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1761: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. L UCAS and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
HECKof Washington, and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1793: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 1834: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1855: Mr. H ECKof Washington and Mr. 
PERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1858: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 1933: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
CHABOT , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 1943: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1964: Mr. D ENT, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 1966: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1974: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. M OORE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and 
Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 2090: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2121: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and 
Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 2205: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 2209: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
PITTENGER , and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 2224: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2257: Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 2260: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. N EAL, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ALLONE , and 
Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 2380: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2494: Mrs. L OVE and Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky. 
H.R. 2530: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2536: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2546: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2566: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
KIND. 
H.R. 2588: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2590: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2597: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 2612: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. K EATING , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2613: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. 
POMPEO . 
H.R. 2654: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 2738: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2753: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2759: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. S TUTZMAN and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2805: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2823: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2844: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2849: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. W ELCH , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. 
KUSTER , and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2939: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. D OLDand Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2957: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2994: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 3024: Mrs. N OEMand Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3026: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3051: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3064: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3067: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 3094: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 3126: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 3137: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 3150: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3180: Mr. M OULTON and Mr. K INGof 
New York. 
H.R. 3190: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 3193: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3201: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
BECERRA . 
H.R. 3226: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. L ANCE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.029 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7091 October 21, 2015 
H.R. 3229: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 3235: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD . 
H.R. 3255: Mr. B OSTand Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 3296: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 3299: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California 
and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 3314: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. C ARNEY and Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3351: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3355: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 3364: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3378: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 3381: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 3395: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. 
KEATING . 
H.R. 3411: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 3423: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3427: Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , and Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts. 
H.R. 3455: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. W OMACK and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 3471: Mr. C OOK, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. 
ENGEL . 
H.R. 3473: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3484: Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, and Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 3488: Mr. L ABRADOR . H.R. 3516: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B OST, Mr. H ARDY , and Mr. 
BENISHEK . 
H.R. 3537: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 3539: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3549: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3558: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 3618: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3626: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 3632: Mr. E LLISON and Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida. 
H.R. 3655: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 3659: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3661: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 3666: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. 
ISRAEL . 
H.R. 3683: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 3686: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 3692: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 3696: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. C UELLAR , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 3699: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 3709: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3711: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 3726: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3733: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 3740: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California. 
H.R. 3743: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 3756: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.J. Res. 29: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.J. Res. 67: Mr. L UCAS . H.J. Res. 68: Mr. L UCAS . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
DONOVAN . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. C LARKE of New York 
and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. N EAL, Mr. K IL-
DEE, and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H. Con. Res. 80: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H. Res. 28: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. Z INKE. 
H. Res. 110: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
DENT, and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H. Res. 393: Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OHEN , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H. Res. 416: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. 
CALVERT . 
H. Res. 417: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H. Res. 428: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H. Res. 433: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H. Res. 443: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H. Res. 445: Mrs. B USTOS and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H. Res. 471: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T AKAI, and 
Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Res. 475: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H. Res. 479: Mr. K INGof New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC7.023 H21OCPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7367 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 2015 No. 154 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, for the beauty of the 
Earth and the glories of the skies, we praise You. For Your love that extends to us undeserved mercies, we lift our hearts in grateful thanksgiving. 
In this challenging season of our na-
tional life, give our lawmakers the wis-dom to look to You. May they remem-ber that You are the author and fin-isher of our Nation’s destiny, guiding us with Your prevailing providence. Lord, inspire our Senators to remove obstacles that hinder them from ac-complishing Your purposes. May they seek only to please You. 
God of grace and glory, thank You 
for continuing to be our refuge and strength. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
BENGHAZI SELECT COMMITTEE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, former 
First Lady, U.S. Senator of the State of New York, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will testify before the so-called Benghazi Select Committee tomorrow. In recent weeks, it has be-
come absolutely clear that this com-mittee is nothing more than a political hit job on Hillary Clinton. 
I remember a program, ‘‘Queen for a 
Day.’’ I guess this is ‘‘Speaker for the Day.’’ Republican Majority Leader of the House of Representatives M
CCAR-
THY—here is what he said on a TV 
show, radio show, or whatever it was: 
Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was un-
beatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select com-mittee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. 
Well, that is one reason he was 
Speaker for the day. There were other reasons, of course. But he told the truth. He told the truth. Congressman M
CCARTHY isn’t the only Republican to 
speak the truth about this so-called committee. Last week Republican Con-gressman R
ICHARD HANNA of New York 
said: 
Sometimes the biggest sin you can commit 
in D.C. is to tell the truth. This may not be politically correct, but I think that there was a big part of this investigation that was designed to go after people and an individual, Hillary Clinton. After what Kevin McCarthy said, it’s difficult to accept at least a part of it was not true. I think that’s the way Wash-ington works. But you’d like to expect more from a committee that’s spent millions of dollars and tons of time. 
That is an understatement—about $5 
million just for this one select com-mittee. There have been other hearings that have cost huge amounts of tax-payer dollars. They are going again to-morrow, and they said be ready for 8 hours—8 hours of interrogation. And that is what it is, an interrogation. 
These two quotes are from two House 
Republicans. H
ANNA from New York is 
not a Democrat, he is a Republican. 
The message is clear: The Benghazi 
Committee is a political calculation meant to influence Presidential elec-tions. And there is more. Now we have found out that one of the Republican staffers on the committee claims that he—the staffer—was unfairly fired be-cause he refused to unfairly target Sec-
retary Clinton. But what else could be expected from a committee whose sole purpose is to drag a Presidential hope-ful through the mud? 
It is no secret that for the last 2 
years, numerous Republican-directed organizations with huge amounts of money have been targeting Hillary Clinton—for more than 2 years—be-cause they knew she would likely run for President and they wanted to soft-en her up, just as M
CCARTHY said. 
Look at the committee’s record. In 17 
months, committee Republicans have held a whopping three hearings—in 17 months. Tomorrow’s hearing will be the first public hearing since January. It is October. October is winding down. Instead, Republican Chairman T
REY 
GOWDY and his committee have focused 
millions of dollars and thousands of staff hours on Hillary Clinton—and Hil-lary Clinton only. The committee has interviewed or deposed eight Clinton campaign staffers. Yet Chairman G
OWDY has held only one hearing with 
an expert from the intelligence com-munity and not a single hearing with anyone from the Department of De-fense, which is clearly a key entity re-sponding to attacks on our diplomatic post. And what have they learned in all that time? Nothing. A recent report by the Democrats on the Benghazi Select Committee confirms that none of the witnesses they interviewed supported any of the wild conspiracy theories re-garding those attacks. 
Contrast the Benghazi Committee 
with the work of the legally required investigation of these attacks, the Ac-countability Review Board. This inde-pendent review was overseen by re-spected leaders, Ambassador Thomas Pickering, who is one of the great dip-lomats of our time, and ADM Michael Mullen. They completed their work in less than 3 months, not 17 months. The review board immediately put out a hard-hitting report with a series of rec-ommendations to make sure an attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.000 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7368 October 21, 2015 
like this doesn’t happen someplace else 
around the world. And what was Sec-retary Clinton’s reaction to that re-port? She took responsibility imme-diately and began to implement the recommendations from the Account-ability Review Board. 
In summary, Republicans spent at 
least $5 million to attack Secretary Clinton. On this one committee, this one select committee, they have spent $4.7 or $4.8 million. Republicans have done little to investigate the Benghazi attacks. And what little work House Republicans actually did only recon-firmed the basic findings of all three of these previous investigations. 
House Republicans sadly have used 
the tragic deaths of four innocent Americans and turned it into an ap-palling political farce. The very notion that an official House committee was used as a political tool is inexcusable. I would suggest that the chairman of that committee should be ashamed of himself. It is even more disgraceful when nearly 5 million taxpayer dollars were spent on this political hit job. 
Senate Democrats will continue to 
fight to get this sham of a committee disbanded. Weeks ago, we sent a letter to Speaker B
OEHNER urging him to 
bring this disgraceful committee to an end, but, no, they are plodding forward. Today, Senate Democrats sent a letter to the Republican National Committee requesting that it reimburse the Amer-ican people for the Benghazi Commit-tee’s expenses. Why did we do that? It is only fair since the so-called com-mittee is clearly a Republican political organization. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today the 
Senate turns its attention to the cy-bersecurity bill. It is way overdue. The bill, which is OK, is better than noth-ing—let’s put it that way. 
The ranking member of the Intel-
ligence Committee, Senator F
EINSTEIN , 
and the chairman of that committee, Senator B
URR, have worked hard on 
this legislation, which addresses a seri-ous national security issue. In fact, it is so serious that we should have ad-dressed this topic long ago. We tried to. As Senate Democrats, we tried so very hard. We had a comprehensive cyberse-curity bill on the floor 3 years ago which was much deeper and better than this one—3 years ago—but our Repub-lican colleagues blocked us from even debating the bill. We couldn’t even de-bate the bill. Why? They, the Repub-licans, were told the chamber of com-merce didn’t like it. At about the same time, the chamber of commerce’s whole operation was hacked by the Chinese. The people who worked down there expected things to come out in English, but they came out in Chinese. But they didn’t like the bill anyway, so they told the Republicans to oppose it, and they marched over here and op-posed it. Democrats, however, realize cyberse-
curity is a serious issue. We know how important cybersecurity is for the na-tional security of our country and the financial security of our economy. 
Even though this bill is not our per-
fect bill, we are going to cooperate with our Republican colleagues. Sev-eral months ago we reached an agree-ment with Republicans to begin debat-ing this legislation, and now we can process it in an efficient and bipartisan manner. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
I withdraw that. The reason we were 
going to have a quorum call—I know other people want to have a chance to speak, but Senator M
CCONNELL is on 
his way. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
DRUG ABUSE EPIDEMIC 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, be-
fore discussing the bill currently before the Senate, I would like to note that President Obama will be heading to West Virginia today with Drug Czar Botticelli to announce additional steps the Federal Government will take to address America’s prescription drug abuse and heroin epidemic. 
This epidemic has been particularly 
devastating to my constituents. Today, drug overdoses—principally driven by painkillers—claim more Kentucky lives than car accidents. Today, in-creased heroin overdose rates account for nearly one-third of all drug over-dose deaths in the Commonwealth. Today, thousands of innocent babies are born dependent on opioids. 
I recently hosted Director Botticelli 
in Kentucky to discuss critical issues such as these. I am encouraged to see him and the President engaged and proposing certain steps that my home State of Kentucky has already em-braced. 
Drug abuse certainly isn’t a partisan 
issue. Many Members of the Senate are actively engaged on the matter. I know the President will be joined today by West Virginia’s Republican Senator and Democratic Senator. Finding solu-tions to this epidemic will require all 
of us, Republicans and Democrats alike, to work together at the Federal, State, and local levels. Today’s an-nouncement is encouraging because it is always positive to see Republicans and Democrats working together to ad-dress this epidemic. 
Here is another bipartisan oppor-
tunity for us to work together on this issue: Let’s pass S. 799, the Protecting Our Infants Act. I hope the Senate will pass that important bipartisan legisla-tion very soon. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, ear-
lier this year, millions of people were affected when the Obama administra-tion was hit by a devastating cyber at-tack. It is an attack that has been de-scribed as ‘‘one of the worst breaches in U.S. history,’’ but it is hardly the last one we will face. 
The challenges posed by cyber at-
tacks are real, and they are broad. They threaten governments, busi-nesses, and individuals. Americans see these threats in the public sector. For instance, as reports have indicated, the sensitive personal information of mil-lions who purchase insurance through ObamaCare is especially vulnerable. Americans see these threats in the pri-vate sector as well. For instance, de-spite the cyber deal recently agreed upon between China and the adminis-tration, press reports indicate that Chinese hacking attempts on American companies and businesses appear to be continuing unabated. Americans also know that a cyber attack is essentially a personal attack on their own privacy. It is violating to think of strangers digging through our medical records and emails. It is worrying to think of criminals accessing credit card num-bers and Social Security information. 
That is why the Senate will again 
consider bipartisan legislation to help Americans’ most private and personal information. It would do so by defeat-ing cyber attacks through the sharing of information. It contains modern tools that cybersecurity experts tell us could help prevent future attacks against both public and private sectors. It contains important measures to pro-tect individual privacy and civil lib-erties. It has been carefully scrutinized by Senators of both parties. In short, this legislation is strong, transparent, and bipartisan. Republicans and Demo-crats joined together to pass this legis-lation through committee, the admin-istration supports it, and the House has already passed similar legislation. With a little cooperation, we can pass it here shortly as well. 
The chair of the Intelligence Com-
mittee, Senator B
URR, is working to 
set votes on pending amendments and has accommodated other Senators in the form of a substitute amendment. I wish to thank him for his hard work on this legislation. I wish to also thank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.001 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7369 October 21, 2015 
the vice chair, Senator F EINSTEIN , as 
well. Every Senator should want to protect Americans’ most private and personal information, which means every Senator should want to see this bill pass. With a little cooperation, we will. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
barely a week goes by that we don’t see another harmful consequence of ObamaCare, a poorly conceived and badly executed law. It has caused costs to millions of Americans. It has harmed the quality and availability of care. Now comes further evidence that ObamaCare is a mess of a law, filled with broken promises. 
We recently learned the Kentucky 
Health Cooperative, a nonprofit health insurer created by ObamaCare with Federal taxpayer funds, will cease op-erations and stop offering health care plans at the end of the year. For the second time in as little as 3 years, as many as 51,000 Kentuckians will lose the health care coverage they cur-rently have and will be forced to choose a new plan—all thanks to ObamaCare. This Kentucky co-op was a boondoggle from the start. It received nearly $150 million in Federal loans, in-cluding a solvency loan this past No-vember in a failed taxpayer bailout to try to keep it afloat. It had the largest recorded loss of all 23 co-ops in our whole country. The Kentucky co-op had the biggest loss of any co-op in the whole country—more than $50 million in 2014. 
Things were hardly much better for 
the Kentuckians who actually enrolled in it. Over the past 2 years, the co-op saw double-digit premium increases on the individual market. If it had sur-vived, it was planning on increasing premiums for its members by 25 per-cent in 2016. If this contraption had survived into next year, it was going to increase premiums by 25 percent. 
Here is what the Kentucky co-op’s 
CEO said about this particular govern-ment-subsidized health care plan: ‘‘In the plainest language, things have come up short of where they need to be.’’ 
That is for sure. If only we would 
have that kind of honesty from the Obama administration on the many failures of ObamaCare. The collapse of the Kentucky co-op is emblematic of the situation across the land. The Obama administration claimed their government-subsidized co-ops would provide affordable and sustainable al-ternatives to private insurance. The truth is anything but that. What is even more disappointing is that the Obama administration itself predicted a nearly 40-percent default rate on its taxpayer loans to co-ops. 
Now, 21 of 23 co-ops nationwide were 
losing money as of the end of last year. Enrollment in these co-ops fell below projections for the majority of plans. Kentucky’s neighbor to the south, Ten-nessee, will shut down its co-op, leav-
ing approximately 27,000 enrollees looking for new coverage at the end of the year. In Colorado, the State’s big-gest health insurer on their exchange— a nonprofit co-op—also announced its closure this month, forcing 83,000 Colo-radans to find new insurance for next year. The same is true in Iowa, Ne-braska, Nevada, Oregon, and Louisiana. From the bayous of Louisiana to the Pacific Northwest, from the Big Apple to the Great Plains and the Rocky Mountains, ObamaCare co-ops are fail-ing all over America. In all, one-third of the 23 ObamaCare health co-ops have failed, leaving about 400,000 policy-holders nationwide looking for new coverage for 2016. 
These failures of ObamaCare health 
co-ops come as absolutely no surprise to those of us who predicted that giv-ing the government more control of our health care system would be detri-mental to the health care coverage people rely on. I said so on the Senate floor as far back as 2009. 
The administration knew beforehand 
that this plan was not viable and that tens of thousands of people could lose their coverage. They chose to cling fast to a disastrous leftwing experiment with our health care system over choosing stability and affordable cov-erage for the many people caught up in ObamaCare and these failed health co- ops. What a colossal mess. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to associate myself with the remarks of the majority leader and point out in today’s New York Times, Wednesday, October 21, the big head-line—‘‘Insurance Out of Reach for Many, Despite Law.’’ Despite this law, insurance is out of reach for many. I know my colleagues who were back home visiting with people around their home State last week, listening to what was on constituents’ minds, heard exactly this—the problems of the health care law. 
I was at home in Wyoming, and I 
heard from a lot of people who are very concerned about President Obama’s collapsing health care law. That is what this law is doing; it is collapsing. People in Wyoming learned that one insurance company—WINhealth—will no longer be selling insurance through the ObamaCare exchange in our State. The company said it had to stop selling ObamaCare plans because there was no way to make money without big tax-payer subsidies coming from Wash-ington. This company was already planning to raise rates significantly next year, and it turns out that even that wasn’t going to be enough money to make it worthwhile. In less than 2 weeks, ObamaCare exchanges across the country will start selling insurance for next year. The total number of companies left selling insurance in the exchange for the State of Wyoming will be exactly one—one. There will be no competition at all in the 
ObamaCare exchange. If your doctor doesn’t take that insurance, you are out of luck. If you can’t afford it, you are out of luck. Is that how ObamaCare was supposed to work? Is that what the President promised the American peo-ple? 
I got an email from one of my con-
stituents yesterday—Al Harris, a great 
guy, in Green River, WY, and he wrote: ‘‘HELP!!!!!!’’ He said: ‘‘WINHealth has become the latest casualty of ObamaCare.’’ Al says that at his busi-ness ‘‘I have about 30 people that now will have no insurance . . . at least not this insurance. I am scrambling with few options and I’m convinced any op-tion will be substantially more expen-sive.’’ Al said: ‘‘This train wreck needs to be stopped.’’ 
I agree. President Obama and Demo-
crats in Congress made a mess of the health care system in our country, but they said they had a better way of doing things. They said they knew best how to create competition and how health care should operate in America. They created all these Washington mandates. They required people to buy expensive coverage that was more than most people wanted, needed or could afford. Then they created the ex-changes where people could buy this new, expensive Washington-mandated insurance coverage. Now the people of Wyoming are left with one option on the ObamaCare exchange. Buy this in-surance from this one company or the IRS will come knocking at your door to collect a big tax penalty. The pen-alty is going up next year. 
Because of the significant failures of 
the Obama administration, rural Amer-icans now have fewer choices. It is not just in Wyoming. We learned last week that insurance co-ops in Colorado, Or-egon, and Tennessee are all closing their doors. Why? Because they have lost so much money. Eight of the twen-ty-three health care co-ops in the coun-try have collapsed, completely col-lapsed in the last couple of months. Co- ops have closed in New York, Ken-tucky—as the majority leader said—in Louisiana, in Nevada, in Iowa, and Ne-braska. Many are in rural areas where people already don’t have a lot of choice. 
We are talking about one-half mil-
lion people who are going to lose their coverage, losing their insurance. Re-member that promise President Obama made: If you like your coverage, you can keep your coverage. Where is the President now? The President says the health care law is working better than he even thought. Amazing. ObamaCare created these co-ops claiming to pro-vide low-cost insurance. Then it sad-dled each of them with so many man-dates and so many restrictions that they needed massive taxpayer bailouts. All together, these failed co-ops col-lected nearly $900 million already in taxpayer loans to get the help they needed to get going. That is how Presi-dent Obama put this together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.003 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7370 October 21, 2015 
Now these co-ops have sunk, others 
are sinking, and they are taking the taxpayer loans with them. The ones that are trying to survive have been saying we are going to have to hike our rates. The co-op in Utah plans to raise its premiums by 58 percent starting in January just to be able to stay open. Is that what the President promised when 
he said rates would drop $2,500 per fam-ily? 
In Montana, the rates are set to go 
up 43 percent for some co-op plans. That is not what anyone in America needed, and it is certainly not what rural Americans need. President Obama said the American people were going to get more choices—more choices—because of his law instead of getting fewer choices. Yet he stands up and boldly says it is working better than he expected. 
ObamaCare created the illusion of 
coverage. Now even the illusion is dis-appearing. What is even worse for rural Americans is that it is not just the coverage that is turning out to be an illusion under ObamaCare. The care is actually disappearing. Earlier this month, we learned that Mercy Hospital in Independence, KY, will be closing soon. This is the 56th rural hospital to close in the United States since 2010 when ObamaCare became law. Another 238 hospitals are in danger of closing. The added expense, the regulations, and the other destructive side effects of ObamaCare are a big reason for this. The patients who rely on these hos-pitals will have to find some other place to go to get their medical care— somewhere further away from home. 
Democrats in Congress—many who 
live in big cities—may take for granted they can get to a hospital quickly. It is not the case in rural America. As a doctor who has practiced medicine for 25 years, I can tell you that the extra time people spend traveling to a hos-pital can make all the difference in the world between life and death. For someone who has had a heart attack or has been in a traffic accident or for a woman with a high-risk pregnancy, every minute counts. Only 20 percent of the U.S. population lives in rural areas, and these areas account for 60 percent of all trauma deaths. Ameri-cans living in these rural areas don’t and didn’t need President Obama mak-ing it tougher for their rural local hos-pital to stay open. Mercy Hospital was the center of medical care in the com-munity for 100 years. It has provided jobs for nearly 200 people. 
In many parts of the country, such as 
in Independence, KS, and in much of my home State of Wyoming, the local hospital can be the biggest employer in the community. If the hospital closes, these people lose their jobs and the tax base for the community goes down, which means fewer services, such as schools, firefighters, and public safety, and maybe the local restaurant or flo-rist won’t have enough business to stay open. Nurses, teachers, and other work-ers may move away looking for a bet-ter opportunity somewhere else. It 
would also make it harder for the town to attract new businesses, new doctors, and more teachers, and the town suf-fers. 
That is what these communities 
across America are facing. Is that what President Obama promised the Amer-ican people? Is that how ObamaCare was supposed to work? 
Ezekiel Emanuel is one of the Presi-
dent’s architects of the health care law. He says that shutting down 56 hos-pitals is not enough. He has actually written a book about this. It is aston-ishing. The architect of the President’s health care law has written a book, and he says that over the next few years— between now and 2020—more than 1,000 hospitals will close. There will be 1,000 American communities where people will be farther away from medical care. We will have 1,000 American towns in danger because of the lost jobs and lost health care. 
There is no dispute that we needed 
health care reform in this country. We did not need this destructive, disrup-tive, and dangerous ObamaCare law. It has been bad for patients, it has been bad for the providers—the nurses and doctors who take care of those pa-tients—and it has been terrible for the American taxpayers. It has been espe-cially hard on rural communities. 
We have to do something to stop this 
corrosive condition that causes hos-pitals to close, insurance co-ops to col-lapse, and health care choices to dis-appear. 
Democrats in Congress need to sit 
down with Republicans and start talk-ing about the kind of health care re-forms that the American people need, want, and deserve. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Indiana. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I return 
to the floor this week for my 24th edi-tion of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I have been coming down every week that Congress has been in session during this cycle talking about waste, fraud, and abuse of hard-earned taxpayer dol-lars. This is the 24th edition, and today I want to highlight improper Medicare payments. 
We all know that Medicare is impor-
tant to our older citizens, of which I am one. Tens of millions of Americans depend on Medicare for their health care coverage, and we all know that we have the responsibility here in this body to preserve these important health benefits for those who depend on them. Preserving these benefits is pro-tecting Medicare from waste, fraud, and abuse. Unfortunately, throughout the history of Medicare, it has been plagued by improper payments, and it is shocking to hear the numbers. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice has reported that improper Medi-care payments totaled nearly $60 bil-
lion in 2014 alone, and over the last 10 years, there has been $336 billion of im-proper payments in the Medicare sys-tem. This figure does not even include improper payments for certain Medi-care programs whose record keeping does not date back that far. 
Examples of improper Medicare pay-
ments include services that are not medically necessary, duplicative bill-ing for services by providers, ineligible practice locations, and spending on services that actually never took place. Yes, actions that never took place have been billed to the government. It wasn’t discovered until later that those reimbursements were improper, and it is rampant. This is taking money out of American people’s pockets. It is also denying those who have Medicare the coverage that they are entitled to under the program. It is driving Medi-care down a road to insolvency that we are going to have to deal with, and I think we should have been dealing with it over the past few years. 
Since we can’t summon the political 
will—to my great distress—to recog-nize the fact that Medicare is careen-ing toward insolvency at some point, which will result in significantly cut-ting benefits for current members re-ceiving benefits under Medicare or re-quire massive tax increases to cover the deficit, one of the areas we can deal with now is to at least address those issues where we know that abuse has taken place. 
This is the 24th time I have come 
down to the floor to talk about this issue, and I have this chart with a ther-mometer on it to demonstrate the spending that has taken place. We wanted to reach the goal of defining $100 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse. Well, we shot way past that. I mean, we just can’t catch up with it. These are matters that have been accounted for by the Government Accountability Office. This is not something that Re-publicans are just making up or draw-ing from anecdotal items that appear in the paper or are raised on the talk shows. These are examples of what we have already documented. 
Every once in a while when I come 
down here, I could talk about the $60 billion, and we could add $60 billion to our climbing accountability of the total of waste, fraud, and abuse. But every fourth or fifth time I like to ad-dress something that is so egregious that it draws the public attention to say that we ought to look into this or to press their elected representatives to do something about this matter and say: Can you believe we are wasting money on something as frivolous as this? 
The Washington Post recently said in 
an editorial about improper Federal payments: ‘‘Every misspent dollar lin-ing an undeserving pocket is a dollar not available for those who need the help.’’ 
Now, from time, as I have said, I try 
to bring up something that catches the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.004 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7371 October 21, 2015 
public interest. We have talked about 
Federal grants that were used to prove that massaging of rabbits—using rab-bits as an example—makes them feel better after a strenuous workout. I think most of us could have figured that out without having to spend some $300,000. I think it was even more than that—as a grant. Somebody came to the conclusion that this would be a worthy project and a good use of tax-payer dollars. That got a lot of atten-tion. 
Today I will talk about improper 
payments that were made to ambu-lance suppliers. Medicare coverage al-lows ambulance transports when a pa-tient’s medical condition at the time of transport is such that any other means of transportation would endanger the patient’s health. 
If something happens with the pa-
tient at home where the spouse decides to drive the patient to the hospital but then comes to the conclusion that, no, that could potentially endanger the person’s health further and decides to call 911 instead for an ambulance and they decide they need to transport this person so he or she has medical care on the way to the hospital, then a person is eligible under Medicare for transpor-tation by the ambulance if they can prove that is necessary. The transport has to be for a patient who has a condi-tion that is covered under Medicare in order to get a ride home from the hos-pital. So the patient gets transferred both to the medical provider, usually the hospital, and is then transported back to his or her house if it is medi-cally necessary. 
As a further requirement to qualify 
for the reimbursement, the provider who is providing the ambulance service has to meet specific qualifications in addition to what I just said. It can only be transportation that takes you to a hospital, a skilled nursing facility or a dialysis facility for certain patients, and then the ambulance can take them back home after they have received the care. Unfortunately, even with these guidelines, fraud is taking place and millions of taxpayer dollars are being wasted. 
A recent report by the inspector gen-
eral from the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees Medicare, found that Medicare made $207 million in questionable ambulance service payments during the first half of 2012. Shockingly, these payments in-clude $30 million where Medicare paid for transportation even though the beneficiaries may not have received any Medicare services at either the time of pickup or dropoff or at the lo-cations or anywhere else. Thus, we are talking about millions of taxpayer dol-lars that may have been spent on phan-tom transports. 
These improper charges were made 
and sent to Washington and the ambu-lance services were reimbursed. 
Can you imagine an ambulance with 
its lights flashing and going down the road on its way to the hospital while cars pull over to the side of the road, as 
we are required to do, because presum-ably the person in the ambulance is in danger and their health is at risk? They need to get them to the hospital or maybe the person needs dialysis and doesn’t have means of transportation. No, these may be empty ambulances with their lights flashing—cars pulling over. Then they bill the government and are getting reimbursements for the trip to and from the hospital. There has been $207 million of documented improper billing for these services. 
Let me give one example. One of 
those services is a Pennsylvania com-pany that fraudulently billed Medicare $3.6 million for transports, and the sup-plier recruited patients that did not re-quire any transport. They made a deal with them. They said: Look, we are going to use your name to submit the billing for reimbursement. We know 
that you don’t need the transportation for anything, but we need to document this so we can get our money back. So what we will do is give you part of the reimbursement. We will pay you some of the money that we get if you will allow us to use your name and iden-tity—maybe your Social Security num-ber or Medicare card number—and you will be in on the deal. So if you get a call from an inspector or somebody trying to verify this reimbursement, say: Yeah, I had to go to the hospital or dialysis, and yes, that was a legiti-mate charge. This company was finally identified after charging $3.6 million for transportation that did not meet Medicare coverage requirements. 
You might say: OK, that is one com-
pany charged with fraud. You read about that in the paper. The inspector general found that one out of every five suppliers had a questionable billing practice, and that is how it totals up to $207 million. Clearly, this is a problem that has to be addressed, and if we ad-dress this problem, we can save the taxpayer money or we can at least make sure that this money is going to cover the necessary medical treatment for those under Medicare. With 10,000 retirees entering the Medicare program every day, we need to slow down the movement toward insolvency. We need to deal with that here in Congress. We should have been dealing with this issue before. So by putting these proper 
safeguards in place, over $207 million in questionable ambulance services could be eliminated and taxpayers’ dollars could be saved. 
This is a small addition to an ever- 
growing list of savings to the taxpayer if we can eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse. 
I will bring up my chart. As I said be-
fore, we used to have a thermometer here to show this, how we were creep-ing up, and it went so high, it started going to the ceiling. We now have a total of $117,141,182,855 and change in terms of waste, fraud, and abuse. We will be back next week for the next in-stallment of many more to come. 
Mr. President, with that, I yield the 
floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, last 
night the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act arrived at the White House and on the desk of the President of the United States. President Obama has said he is going to veto it or he has threatened to veto it. I rise on the floor of the Senate today to beg him to rethink his position and caution him 
before he moves too swiftly to send the message to the rest of the world that America is disengaged. If he vetoes the National Defense Authorization Act, he is convincing and confirming for Vladi-mir Putin, Kim Jong Un, the Chinese Government, the Ayatollah in Iran, and the rest of the world that America is relegating itself to a spectator on the sidelines of world affairs rather than a beacon of hope for the op-pressed, those in search of democracy, and those who are at the feet of dic-tators. 
It is time that we make sure our 
military is funded and authorized to the levels that are necessary to con-front the world’s challenges, which are more today than I have ever seen. I have just returned from the Mediterra-nean, where I was on the USS Winston 
Churchill , the destroyer that is dealing 
with some of the problems of the mi-gration of people fleeing totalitarian governments in the Middle East. I was at Fort Gordon, GA, where the cyber command is now being set up by the U.S. Army. Cyber terrorism and cyber threats are the biggest threats we face today. I was at Fort Benning, and our Strykers in the brigade are there and in need of upgrades and continuation of improvements. I was at Fort Moody in Valdosta, GA, where the A–10s are housed, but they are going away unless we extend them, and this Defense au-thorization bill will do that. 
While the rest of the world is burning 
and falling apart, this President is looking the other way and saying: No, I am not going to agree with the over-whelming majority of Congress. In-stead, I am going to put America on the sidelines of world affairs. 
We cannot afford for that to happen. 
We are the greatest country on the face of this Earth. We don’t find anybody trying to break out of the United States of America; they are all trying to break in. But if we abandon our role of strength, we will never have the peace and the prosperity and the de-mocracy we want to see around the world. Instead, we will be a second- string player in the influence of world affairs. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act is one thing the Congress—House and Senate alike—has agreed upon overwhelmingly. The vote in the Sen-ate was a veto-proof vote. The vote in the House was a very significant vote. The President should read that to un-derstand that the representatives of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.011 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7372 October 21, 2015 
the people are saying to him: We want 
America to be strong. We don’t want our military to be reconstituted. We don’t want the dictators of the world taking advantage of vacuums that we have created because we looked the other way and we abandoned ourselves. 
We need to think about something 
and think about it closely. Right now in Greece, for example, half a million people in the last year have gone through there, fleeing Syria, trying to find their way to Europe—half a mil-lion. A million and a half will probably go through there next year. The world is trying to flee oppression and dic-tators wherever they are, and the rest of the free world cannot afford to take care of the rest of the world unless we stop what is happening in the Middle East. 
Bashar Al-Assad should be stopped. 
The Russians should be asked to re-trench and come back. We should get back to the table, being the strongest power in the world and being an effec-tive player in the Middle East and being a power that is feared rather than one that is looked at and left wondering. America is abandoning the role it has always held since the end of World War II, and it would be a shame for us to do that. 
So, Mr. President, let me ask you to 
do this: Think real hard before Hal-loween because that is when the time runs out and you have to either sign the bill or veto it. Think real hard about the America that you took over running as President of the United States 7 years ago. Think about how we got to where we are today. Think about all those who have sacrificed and who have lived and died, in some cases, to keep America free. Are you going to look them in the face or their memory in the face and say to them: I am just not going to reauthorize the National Defense Authorization Act. I would rather play politics with those who have fought and risked their lives for the United States of America. 
In closing my remarks, I want to tell 
my colleagues what we did in the NDAA because I want the people of Georgia and the people of America to understand what the President will be vetoing. 
He will be vetoing the improvements 
in our cyber command as we move our new cyber command of the U.S. Army to Fort Gordon. 
He will be saying to Guantanamo 
Bay: It is OK, we can move the rest of the prisoners from Guantanamo Bay and move them into the United States of America and close Guantanamo Bay—because the NDAA bill prohibits that from happening. 
He will be able to say to Stryker Bri-
gade units: You will just have to wait a little bit longer for modernization. 
He will have to say to our marines on 
the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan and in the Middle East: We are going to do 
away with the A–10s, so you won’t have the close air support you have to have in the infantry and in the military to fight the battles of the 21st century. He will be saying to our veterans who 
come back home from around the world: No, we are not going to do job training so that you can easily transfer from the military into a meaningful job in the private sector. 
He will say to husband and wives of 
military families: We are taking away your basic housing allowance because there are two of you in the same family getting it and we are cutting it in half. Even though you signed up for a pro-gram that guaranteed you would get it, we are cutting it in half and taking it away. 
I don’t want to be part of a country 
that says that to the men and women who volunteered to fight for us. 
Let’s send the right message to the 
rest of the world. Let’s sign the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. Let’s not play politics with those who risked their lives. Let’s remember we still are America, the greatest country on the face of this Earth. God has blessed us, but with that blessing comes responsi-bility. It means the President should act, act decisively, act now, and not veto the Defense Authorization Act. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FISCAL DEADLINES FACING 
AMERICA 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, to para-
phrase Ronald Reagan, ‘‘Here we go again.’’ 
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew has 
warned us that the Federal Govern-ment will bump up against the statu-tory debt ceiling on Tuesday, Novem-ber 3. Shortly after that, on December 11, the fiscal year 2016 continuing reso-lution will expire, bringing the pros-pects of yet another government shut-down. 
Absent a budget deal to suspend se-
questration and lift the spending caps imposed under the Budget Control Act, we face draconian spending cuts that will harm both our economic recovery and our national security. Meanwhile, authority for the Export-Import Bank has expired already, and authority to spend surface transportation funding will expire at the end of this month. 
This is no way to run a government. 
It is time to end this mindless fiscal brinkmanship and negotiate a com-prehensive budget deal that resolves all of these issues. The American people demand and deserve no less. But first we must act on the debt ceiling. 
With respect to the debt ceiling, 
Treasury Secretary Lew wrote to House Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER on Octo-
ber 15 warning that extraordinary measures to forestall hitting the statu-tory debt ceiling will be exhausted as 
soon as November 3. At that point, the Federal Government will have a cash balance of about $30 billion but will be facing obligations totaling as much as $60 billion on certain days. 
Secretary Lew wrote in his letter: 
Operating the United States government 
with no borrowing authority, with only the cash on hand on a given day, would be pro-foundly irresponsible. As I wrote previously, we anticipate that a remaining cash balance of less than $30 billion will be depleted quickly. In fact, we do not foresee any rea-sonable scenario in which it would last for an extended period of time. The government makes approximately 80 million payments a month, including Social Security and vet-eran benefits, military salaries, Medicare re-imbursements, and many others. In the ab-sence of congressional action, Treasury would be unable to satisfy all of these obliga-tions for the first time in the history of the United States . . . 
The creditworthiness of the United States 
is an essential component of our strength as a nation. Protecting that strength is the sole responsibility of Congress, because only Con-gress can extend the nation’s borrowing au-thority. Moreover, as you know, increasing the debt limit does not authorize any new spending. It simply allows Treasury to pay for expenditures Congress has approved, in full and on time. 
I couldn’t agree with Secretary Lew 
more. Raising the debt ceiling allows us to pay for what has already been ap-
propriated by Congress for spending. This has nothing to do with how much we are going to spend as a nation; it has everything to do with whether we are going to honor our bills. The United States of America has to pay its bills. Just as when American families use a credit card, when a bill is due, it needs to be paid in a timely manner. At no time in our history has our country been unable or unwilling to pay its debts. Raising our debt ceiling has to be done—not so we can spend more, as Secretary Lew pointed out, but to pay the bills we already have. Default is not an option. 
Some Republicans, particularly in 
the House, have suggested that the Federal Government can prioritize its payments to avoid a technical default. Some have dubbed this ‘‘pay China first’’ because, as my colleagues know, much of our public debt is held by the Chinese. It is disturbing that our Re-publican colleagues are considering such a proposal. It simply won’t work. The Federal Government makes 80 mil-lion to 100 million payments monthly, including Social Security, veteran ben-efits, military salaries, and Medicare reimbursements. The Treasury Depart-ment doesn’t have the manpower, the computer capability, or the guidelines to sort out who gets paid when. 
The Bipartisan Policy Center has 
prepared a comprehensive analysis of what happens if we hit the so-called X- date without lifting the debt ceiling. As the Bipartisan Policy Center notes, ‘‘The reality will be chaotic,’’ with the Treasury Department being forced to pick ‘‘winners’’ and ‘‘losers.’’ We might have to shut down the entire Justice Department, the Federal courts, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.012 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7373 October 21, 2015 
Federal Highway Administration, the 
Federal Aviation Administration, and other agencies. These are critically im-portant missions that people in this country depend upon. We might have to suspend tax refunds—refunds tax-payers desperately need. We might have to stop paying Federal workers, 30 percent of whom are veterans and con-tractors. As the Bipartisan Policy Cen-ter notes, ‘‘On a day-to-day basis, han-dling all payments for important and popular programs, (e.g., Social Secu-rity, Medicare, Medicaid, Defense, Mili-tary Active Duty Pay) will quickly be-come impossible.’’ 
Delaying the decision to increase the 
debt limit jeopardizes our economy and our standing in the world. The mere suggestion that the Federal Govern-ment might miss a payment caused Standard & Poor’s to downgrade our sovereign credit rating from AAA to AA-plus after the 2011 debt limit stand-off. 
A default is a default. We can’t pick 
winners and losers. If we default on any of our debt, it will affect our credit-worthiness and our bond ratings. If we don’t transfer the payments to State and local governments—and a large part of our budget depends upon them receiving their Federal share of pro-grams—it will cause State and local governments to default, affecting their bond ratings and increasing the cost of borrowing, a hidden tax—not a hidden tax—an additional tax to the taxpayers of this country. 
During the last debt limit showdown 
in 2013, yields for targeted securities in secondary markets rose from 1 basis point in mid-September to over 50 basis points just prior to the resolution of the standoff in October. The Govern-ment Accounting Office estimates that the 2013 impasse cost the Federal Gov-ernment between $38 million and $70 million in added interest payments to service the debt. This is what tax-payers had to pay because Congress did not in a timely way increase the debt limit. So it is not only the default, it is the time we take. We have to act now. We should have acted well before now. If we keep playing with fire, we are going to get burned and burned badly. 
In addition to lifting the debt ceiling, 
which needs to be done first, we need to negotiate a comprehensive budget deal. Last week administration officials an-nounced that the fiscal year 2015 deficit was $44 billion—$44 billion—less than the previous year. Last year’s deficit was $439 billion. This is still too high, but let’s put the number in context. It was the lowest share of our economy— at 2.5 percent—since 2007. As Treasury Secretary Lew pointed out, under the President’s leadership, the deficit has been cut by roughly three-quarters as a share of the economy since 2009—the fastest sustained deficit reduction since just after World War II. 
It is important to remember that the 
previous administration—the Bush ad-ministration—inherited the biggest surpluses in history and promptly squandered them on two ill-conceived 
tax cuts and a war in Iraq that was paid for on a credit card. 
Then we had the biggest recession 
since the Great Depression. This was the situation the Obama administra-tion inherited—from surpluses to defi-cits to recession. The Obama adminis-tration took effective, extraordinary measures to pull the economy back from the brink. Economists Alan Blinder and Mark Zandi, writing for the Center on Budget and Policy Prior-ities, estimated that without the meas-ures taken in late 2008 and early 2009 the peak-to-trough decline in real gross domestic product, which was barely over 4 percent, would have been close to a stunning 14 percent; the economy would have contracted by more than 3 years, more than twice as long as it did; more than 17 million jobs would have been lost, about twice the actual number; the unemployment rates would have peaked at just under 16 per-cent, rather than the actual 10 percent; the budget deficit would have grown to more than 20 percent of GDP, about double the actual 10 percent, topping off at $2.8 trillion in fiscal year 2011. 
My point is that the actions taken by 
the Obama administration pulled our economy out of recession and back to growth. It did it in a responsible man-ner. So we took emergency measures necessary to stop the economic free fall, and since then we have had the fastest deficit reduction since just after World War II. 
We are now using a different policy, 
as we should. I mention that because our Republican colleagues want to cut domestic spending even more. That is not sustainable. As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities noted last year, spending cuts have exceeded tax increases by a 3-to-1 margin already. Put another way, for every dollar of new revenue we have received, we have cut spending by $3.27. We have con-tracted, particularly on the discre-tionary domestic side. 
We need to come together and nego-
tiate a deal that keeps the Federal Government open, not shut. The 2013 shutdown, according to Moody’s Ana-lytics, cost the economy $20 billion and 120,000 jobs. Still, the so-called tea party Republicans and Presidential candidates want to shut down the gov-ernment right before the holidays in a misguided notion that it will somehow prevent Planned Parenthood from pro-viding health care services to low-in-come women and their families. Two years ago, the same individuals thought that shutting down the gov-ernment would prevent the Affordable Care Act from being implemented. They were wrong then, and they are wrong now. The damage they did—and could do again—is to our economy and our standing in the world. 
A realistic budget deal will need to 
protect Federal workers from further harm. Since 2011 Federal workers have contributed $159 billion to deficit re-duction. Federal workers have contrib-uted $159 billion to deficit reduction. 
They didn’t cause the deficit. They have endured 3 years of pay freezes and two substandard pay increases since then for a total of $137 billion. They lost another billion dollars in pay be-cause of sequestration-related fur-loughs. Federal employees hired in 2013 and since 2014 are paying an extra $21 
billion for their pensions. 
Each and every Federal worker is 
being asked to do more with less as agency budgets have been frozen or cut. This is happening to hardworking, patriotic public servants who are most-ly middle class and struggling to get along as are so many other Americans. Enough is enough. 
Since the 1950s and 1960s, the U.S. 
population has increased by 76 percent and the private sector workforce has surged 133 percent, but the size of the Federal workforce has risen just 11 per-cent. Relative to the private sector, the Federal workforce is less than one- half the size it was back in the 1950s and 1960s. The picture that emerges is one of a Federal civilian workforce whose size has significantly shrunk compared to the U.S. population it serves, the private sector workforce, and the magnitude of its various mis-sions and Federal expenditures. 
Additionally, picking on Federal 
workers in a budget deal or shutting down the government hurts veterans. Over 30 percent of civilian Federal em-ployees are veterans, compared to 7.8 percent of the non-Federal workforce. The Federal Government hires a lot more veterans—30 percent of our work-force—another reason we should be mindful of what we do to our Federal workforce. Do we really want to cut the pay and benefits for these individ-uals even more than we have already? Do we really want to force them to work during a shutdown but not pay them on time or force them to stay home involuntarily and have them worry about whether they will be paid at all? Is this how we want to honor the men and women who stood in harm’s way to defend our Nation and who continue to serve us? 
The missions that are carried out by 
our Federal workforce are great mis-sions, and they perform more work in a smaller workforce. It is time to recog-nize what they do for our country. Pre-venting Federal workers from doing their jobs doesn’t just harm them; it harms all Americans because Federal workers control our borders and make sure our air and water are clean and our food and drugs are safe. They sup-port our men and women in uniform and care for our wounded warriors. They help our manufacturers compete abroad, discover cures for life-threat-ening diseases, and prosecute criminals and terrorists. They maintain and pro-tect critical infrastructure, explore the universe, process passport applications, and make sure Social Security, Medi-care, and other social safety net pro-grams are functioning properly. When Federal workers do their jobs, they are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.013 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7374 October 21, 2015 
helping each and every American live a 
safer and more prosperous life. 
Our tasks here in Congress should be 
straightforward. First, we need to raise the debt ceiling so we can continue to pay our bills and maintain the full faith and credit of the U.S. Govern-ment. Second, we need to keep the Fed-eral Government open for business and keep the Federal workers on their jobs. Third, we need to negotiate a com-prehensive budget deal that replaces sequestration—a budget that main-tains critical Federal investments while spreading the burden of deficit reduction in a fair way and holding Federal workers and their families harmless after subjecting them to so much hardship over the past several months and years. Fourth, we need to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, a bank that helps us with a level playing field on international commerce, par-ticularly with small companies, and we must reauthorize our surface transpor-tation program on a 6-year reauthor-ization. You can’t do a major highway, bridge, or transit program with a Fed-eral partner that gives only a couple months of commitment. We need to have a multi-year transportation reau-thorization passed. 
Heretofore, one of the greatest at-
tributes of the American character has been pragmatism. We can acknowledge and respect our differences, but at the end of the day the American people have entrusted us with governing. That means being pragmatic, sitting down, listening to each other, compromising, and providing policies that will stand the test of time. Let us do our job on behalf of all Americans. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, morning business is closed. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 754, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 754) to improve cybersecurity in 
the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Burr/Feinstein amendment No. 2716, in the 
nature of a substitute. Burr (for Cotton) modified amendment No. 
2581 (to amendment No. 2716), to exempt from the capability and process within the Department of Homeland Security commu-nication between a private entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cy-bersecurity threats. 
Feinstein (for Coons) modified amendment 
No. 2552 (to amendment No. 2716), to modify section 5 to require DHS to review all cyber threat indicators and countermeasures in order to remove certain personal informa-tion. 
Burr (for Flake/Franken) amendment No. 
2582 (to amendment No. 2716), to terminate the provisions of the Act after six years. 
Feinstein (for Franken) modified amend-
ment No. 2612 (to amendment No. 2716), to improve the definitions of cybersecurity threat and cyber threat indicator. 
Burr (for Heller) modified amendment No. 
2548 (to amendment No. 2716), to protect in-formation that is reasonably believed to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person. 
Feinstein (for Leahy) modified amendment 
No. 2587 (to amendment No. 2716), to strike the FOIA exemption. 
Burr (for Paul) modified amendment No. 
2564 (to amendment No. 2716), to prohibit li-ability immunity to applying to private en-tities that break user or privacy agreements with customers. 
Feinstein (for Mikulski/Cardin) amend-
ment No. 2557 (to amendment No. 2716), to provide amounts necessary for accelerated cybersecurity in response to data breaches. 
Feinstein (for Whitehouse/Graham) modi-
fied amendment No. 2626 (to amendment No. 2716), to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime. 
Feinstein (for Wyden) modified amendment 
No. 2621 (to amendment No. 2716), to improve the requirements relating to removal of per-sonal information from cyber threat indica-tors before sharing. 
SENTENCING REFORM AND CORRECTIONS ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it is 
easy for the public and the press to focus on the issues that divide us in Washington, DC, and around the coun-try. In fact, in Washington, DC, that is a world-class sport—focusing on divi-sion, the things that separate us, the things where we clearly can’t agree, on occasion—but today I am happy to highlight an area marked by broad con-sensus and true bipartisan spirit. 
In my time in the Senate I have 
learned that neither political party can get what they want done if they try to do it alone. The only way things hap-pen are when consensus is achieved, and that takes a lot of hard work, a lot of cooperation, and a lot of collabora-tion. If your goal is 100 percent of what you want or nothing, my experience is you get nothing here. 
I know ‘‘compromise’’ sometimes is a 
dirty word in today’s lexicon. I was just rereading a quote from Ronald Reagan, somebody conservatives look to as an example of the iconic conserv-ative leader. He was pretty clear that if he could get 75 to 80 percent of what he wanted to achieve, he would say: I will take it, and I will fight about the rest of it another day. 
But the good news is we have found a 
way, amidst a lot of the division and polarization here, to achieve a bipar-tisan coalition on some important criminal justice reforms. Last week I 
stood with a bipartisan group and in-troduced the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of 2015. This has lit-erally been years in the making, and it was a proud and consequential moment for the Senate. 
This week we have kept that momen-
tum going. Senator G
RASSLEY , chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, held a hearing Monday to discuss the new bill with various stakeholders, and to-morrow the Judiciary Committee will vote on sending the bill to the full Sen-ate for consideration. 
This legislation is long overdue and a 
major step forward for the country. Similar to other successful efforts—and particularly those that inform my ac-tions in the Senate—I look to experi-ences in the State and what has been tried, tested, and found to work and how it might apply to our job here at the national level. 
Back in 2007, in Austin, legislators 
were confronting a big problem. They had a major budget shortfall, an over-crowded prison system, and high rates of recidivism—repeat criminals—or as one former inmate referred to himself in Houston the other day at a round-table I held, he called himself a fre-quent flier in the criminal justice sys-tem. I think we all know what he meant. But instead of building more prisons and hoping that would some-how fix the problem, these leaders in Austin decided to try a different ap-proach. They scrapped the blueprints for more prisons, and they went to work developing reforms to help low- and medium-risk offenders who were willing to take the opportunity to turn around their lives and become produc-tive members of society. 
I think we would have to be pretty 
naive to say that every criminal of-fender who ends up in prison is going to take advantage of these opportunities. They will not—not all of them will, but some of them will. Some of them will be remorseful. Some of them will see how they wasted their life, the damage they have done to their families, in-cluding their children, and they will actually look for an opportunity to turn around their lives after having made a major mistake and ending up in our prisons. 
In my State, we have a pretty well- 
deserved reputation for being tough on crime. I don’t think anybody questions that, but we also realize we need to be smart on crime, and we need to look at how we achieve the best outcomes for the taxpayers and for the lives which can be salvaged and made productive through their hard work and the oppor-tunity we have provided to them. We also realized that even though incar-ceration does work—I don’t think any-body can dispute the fact that when somebody is in prison, they are not committing crimes in our communities and across the country—but here is the rub: One day almost all of them will be released from prison. The question then is, Will they be prepared to live a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.014 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7375 October 21, 2015 
productive life or will they be that fre-
quent flier who ends up back in prison through the turnstile of a criminal life? 
So in Texas we improved and in-
creased programs designed to help men and women to take responsibility for their crimes and to prepare them for reentry into society. The results were pretty startling. Between 2007 and 2012, our overall rate of incarceration fell by 9.4 percent—almost 10 percent—the crime rate dropped by 16 percent, and we saved more than $2 billion worth of taxpayer money and we were able to shutter three prison facilities in the process. 
I wish to return briefly to the crime 
rate. Former Attorney General Mukasey, a longtime Federal judge in New York, made the point that it is not the incarceration rate that meas-ures the success of our sentencing prac-tices, it is actually the crime rate. 
I know there are many people who 
feel we have overincarcerated, but I think we need to keep our eye on the ball; that is, on the crime rate. As a re-sult of these reforms in Texas, our total crime rate dropped by 16 percent, something worth paying attention to, but even more impressive than these statistics are the stories I have heard from former inmates who have actually taken advantage of this opportunity to turn around their lives. They paint a powerful picture of how these reforms can be used and the potential impact of this legislation across the country. 
Again, nobody is naive enough to 
think everybody is going to have a turnaround story and experience like this, but last week I had the chance to visit with a number of faith-based and nonprofit groups in Houston this time, as well as some of the former inmates they have supported—all of whom are helping inmates prepare to reenter so-ciety set up for success rather than failure. 
I was particularly struck by the 
story of one young man by the name of Emilio Parker. By the time he was 33, Emilio had spent almost half of his life in prison, including several years in solitary confinement. He started using drugs at a very early age, and after he became addicted he found more and more opportunities for crime to feed his addiction. Spending so much time in prison leaves little chance to ac-quire skills to succeed once you are outside, but fortunately for Emilio he found the support needed in a group called SER-Jobs for Progress in Hous-ton. SER stands for Service Employ-ment Redevelopment. A strange acro-nym, SER, but it is a community group whose mission is to equip people such as Emilio for the workforce. Their or-ganization has helped turn around many lives in astounding ways, and Emilio was no exception. 
When he started the job readiness 
program SER offered, he didn’t know how to turn on a computer, but with their help he graduated with the pro-gram, and it helped put him on a new direction in life—one that did not in-
clude prison. 
His success represents the tremen-
dous opportunity we have before us to enact similar reforms on the Federal level in order to offer rehabilitation to inmates, reduce crime, and save tax-payers’ hard-earned money. 
Part of this legislation is to focus on 
the people most likely to take advan-tage of these opportunities, low- and medium-risk inmates. Indeed, what we offer them is credit, if they participate in these programs, to lesser confine-ment; for example, a halfway house or the like. These are the folks we believe are most likely to have learned from their experience in prison and will take advantage of the opportunity and turn around their lives. High-risk criminals who have made a life of crime I think are the least likely to take advantage of these programs and will not be avail-able under this legislation. If it is suc-cessful, we might want to reconsider that and see whether it can be ex-panded. 
The Sentencing Reform and Correc-
tions Act truly represents how the Sen-ate was meant to function: in a bipar-tisan manner that can effect long-last-ing change for the benefit of the Amer-ican people. 
I thank Chairman G
RASSLEY for his 
leadership—this would not have hap-pened without him—and his commit-ment to bring us together to develop a bill that provides needed reforms to our criminal justice system. This is an extraordinary moment, where we have people on differing ends of the political spectrum coming together and finding a place where we can reach consensus. 
I am particularly pleased, as I have 
indicated, that the CORRECTIONS Act, authored by Senator S
HELDON  
WHITEHOUSE and me, is such a key part 
of this package. Pretty much everyone agrees our prisons are dangerously overcrowded and that recidivism rates—when offenders land back in prison—are too high. The hard part is coming up with a solution that ad-dresses these problems and yet breaks the cycle of reincarceration without jeopardizing public safety. And nothing we are doing will jeopardize public safety. That should be the litmus test of anything we do. I do believe this leg-islation strikes that balance by build-ing on our experience in Texas and other States across the country and fo-cusing on rehabilitation for low-level offenders and tough sentences for hard-ened criminals. 
I know the Presiding Officer, who 
was attorney general of his State of Alaska, has had a lot of experience in this area. I remember in law school one of the things we learned is that one of the goals of our criminal justice sys-tem is to rehabilitate people—to help them turn around their lives—but over the years we have almost forgotten that. I think what we have dem-onstrated by the Texas experience—and other experience—is that through faith-based volunteers, through job training, through helping people deal 
with their drug and alcohol addiction— which oftentimes exacerbates their problems and puts them behind bars, like Emilio—we can literally offer a helping hand for those who will take advantage of it. For those who are truly nonviolent and low-level offend-ers, this bill does represent a second chance. 
This bill also reforms and improves 
law enforcement tools, such as manda-tory minimum sentences, without eliminating them or reducing them across the board. This was a tough ne-gotiation because, in particular, some of our Senators were focused on sen-tence reduction, but I have to say I have been very aware that we can’t handle this on an across-the-board basis. Sentences have to be appropriate for the individual behavior and mis-conduct of the defendant themselves, not just some across-the-board pan-acea. By targeting those who are most likely to reoffend and teaching them how to succeed in the real world, we can not only reduce the crime rate—as our experience has shown in Texas— but help people turn around their lives and save billions of dollars. 
So at a time when the news likes to 
report the divisions and polarizations here in Washington—and there are plenty of important fights, and I am not opposed to fighting for principles, but there are a lot of areas like this where we can continue to work to-gether productively. In fact, as I said earlier, the whole system of our Con-stitution was designed to force con-sensus before big decisions such as this are made. That is the way it should be because any time a minority or even one political party can force their will on the other party—as we have seen happen before—it doesn’t end well. When our system works the way it should, by people of good faith coming together, seeing a problem, trying to come up with a solution, and working together on a bipartisan basis, our sys-tem works very well. I believe this is a good example. 
I look forward to working with all of 
our colleagues once this bill is voted out of the Judiciary Committee—which I believe it will be on Thursday—as we anticipate action here on the floor. Perhaps other Senators have other ideas that will actually improve the legislation we have crafted so far, but I do believe the President is amenable to considering a bill in this area. He has said so publicly. Again, this is another of those rare opportunities we can have to work together with the President to try to solve a problem, help save money, and help people turn around their lives. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.016 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7376 October 21, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I will 
vote for the cyber security bill. Obvi-ously, this is a whole new era of attack on our country. On September 11, 2001, we certainly realized that the two big oceans on either side of our country that had protected us for centuries— the Atlantic and the Pacific—no longer provided that protection because we could see, in the case of 2001, an attack from within. Thus, that revised so much of our defense strategy. 
Now we see the other kind of attack 
from within that is stealthy, insidious, and it is constant because the cyber at-tacks are coming to the U.S. Govern-ment as well as the U.S. industry, the business community, and U.S. citizens. The threat of cyber attack is vast and it is varied, from cyber criminals who steal personal information such as credit card and Social Security num-bers, to foreign governments or state- sponsored groups that steal sensitive national security information, that steal our intellectual property, and that put at risk our economy and crit-ical infrastructure. 
I want to give one example of obtain-
ing Social Security numbers through cyber attacks or through other means. What we found in Tampa, FL, is that street crime actually subsided because the criminals had figured that either by cyber attacks or by other means of getting Social Security numbers, they could file false income tax returns and request refunds. So with a laptop, they could do what they had done previously by breaking into and entering some-one’s home to steal money, and it was so much easier. And that is just one small example, but just the theft of se-curity numbers, which they use on false income tax returns—we think that is an attack which is costing the U.S. Government, in income tax, at least $5 billion a year. 
We have heard all about these at-
tacks. Some of us in the Senate have been affected by these attacks. How many times have we heard that hack-ers have stolen our names, our address-es, our credit card numbers? Look what the hackers did to 40 million Target customers and 56 million Home Depot customers. They accessed checking and savings account information of 76 mil-lion J.P. Morgan Bank customers. They stole the personal information of 80 million customers of the health in-surance company Anthem. Those are a few examples. Target, Home Depot, J.P. Morgan, Anthem—that is just a handful of examples. Also, remember that North Korea hacked Sony. Iran hacked the Sands Casino. China hacked the U.S. Government Office of Per-sonnel Management. They have your information and they have my infor-mation because our information is with the Office of Personnel Management. 
The attacks keep coming. We are 
hearing from homeland security, de-fense, intelligence, and private sector leaders that we have to take this threat seriously and do something 
about it. 
I must say that it was one of the 
most frustrating things for this Sen-ator, as a former member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, when we were trying to pass this very same bill 3 and 4 years ago and the business commu-nity, as represented by the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce, wanted nothing to do with it because they thought it was an invasion of their privacy. Times have changed, and the hacking continues. 
We see that finally we are able to get 
through and put together a bill on which I think we can get broad support from many different groups that are concerned about privacy and about sharing of information in the business community. This bill provides the means for the government and the pri-vate sector to share cyber threat infor-mation while taking care to protect the personal information and privacy of our people. We all face the same threat, and our adversaries use similar malware and techniques. Sharing infor-mation is critical to our overall cyber security. 
What this does is it directs the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence, working with other agencies and building on the information sharing that is already taking place, to put cyber threat infor-mation in the hands of the private sec-tor to help protect businesses and indi-viduals. It authorizes private compa-nies to monitor and defend their net-works and share with each other and the government at all levels the cyber threats and attacks—all levels of gov-ernment: State, local, tribal, and Fed-eral. This is a point of contention be-cause these activities are strictly vol-untary. That is part of the problem we had 3 and 4 years ago in trying to enact this legislation. It is strictly vol-untary, limited to cyber security pur-poses, and subject to reasonable re-strictions and privacy protections. 
The bill also creates the legal cer-
tainty and incentives needed to pro-mote further sharing of information. 
So what the legislation does is it sets 
up a hub or a portal inside the Depart-ment of Homeland Security where cyber threat information comes in, it is scrubbed of irrelevant personal infor-mation, and then it is shared inside and outside the government quickly and efficiently because, after all, if you have a cyber attack somewhere in America that suddenly has the oppor-tunity to explode in its application, you have to have a central point at which you can coordinate that cyber attack. That is what this portal, this hub in the Department of Homeland Security is set up to do. 
This Senator feels that this bill bal-
ances the urgent need to address the threat of continued cyber attacks with privacy concerns. As the vice chair of the Intelligence Committee said yes-terday, this bill is just the first step. 
I am delighted that Senator F
EIN-
STEIN just walked onto the floor of the 
Senate. I am quoting what the Senator said yesterday: We can and we ought to 
do more to improve our Nation’s cyber security. 
I say through the Chair to the distin-
guished senior Senator from California that I have shared with the Senate my frustration over the last 4 years, as a former member of the Senate Intel-ligence Committee, that it was so hard to get people to come together. But now, finally, even though it is vol-untary, we at least have a point at which, when a cyber attack comes somewhere in America, we can cen-tralize that, it can be scrubbed of pri-vate information, and then it can be shared in our multiplicity of levels of government and the private sector to help defend against the cyber attacks. 
These cyber attacks are coming 
every day. They are relentless. If we don’t watch out, what is going to hap-pen has already happened to someone and it is going to be happening to innu-merable American businesses. I strong-ly urge the Senate to pass this legisla-tion. 
Since the senior Senator from Cali-
fornia is on the floor, I wish to take this opportunity to thank her for her perspicacity, her patience, and her stick-to-itiveness. Finally, 4 years later, it is here, and we are going to pass it this week. I thank the Senator from California. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
would like to respond to what the dis-tinguished Senator from Florida said. 
Senator, you know what a pleasure it 
was to have you on the intelligence committee. I think you understand the time that we have spent to get this bill done, which is now about 6 years, and to take this first step, not because it is a perfect step but because it is a first step that is voluntary, with new au-thorities that people and companies can use if they want to, and if they don’t want to, they don’t have to. If they want to, it can be effective in ena-bling companies to share cyber secu-rity information and therefore protect themselves. I know you understand this. I am so grateful for that under-standing and for your help. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield for a question? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I will. Mr. NELSON. Will the Senator share 
her thoughts with the Senate about how the Nation’s national security de-fense depends on us being able—we have the guns, the tanks, the airplanes, the missiles, and all of that, but there is a new type of threat against the very security of this Nation, and this legis-lation is a first step. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I can try to. I re-
member that in 2008 there were two significant cyber bank robberies: the Royal Bank of Scotland, I think for $8 million, and Citibank for $10 million. This was not public right away because nobody wanted it known. Then you see the more recent attacks of Aramco 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.018 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7377 October 21, 2015 
being taken down, Sony, and it goes on 
and on. The information is not often shared publicly by companies who should be asking: This happened to our company; can you share anything that might help us handle this? That kind of thing doesn’t happen because every-body is afraid of liability, and so it is very concerning. 
I remember when Joe Lieberman was 
chairman of the homeland security committee, which had a bill. As the Senator will remember, we had the in-formation sharing part of that bill, and we sat down with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, I believe on three occa-sions, to try to work out differences, and we couldn’t. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is massive and all over the United States. It includes small busi-nesses, medium-sized businesses, and some big businesses, and there was deep concern among its members. That took years to work out. 
Finally, the Senate may be ready to 
take a first step, and this first step is to permit the voluntary sharing of cyber information, which, if it is stripped of private data, will be pro-tected with liability immunity and protected because it goes through a single DHS portal and doesn’t go di-rectly to the intelligence community, which was a big concern to the private community. All of this has been worked out in order to try to come up with a basis for taking this first step. 
I am sorry the Senator is no longer 
on our committee because my friend was really a great asset, and Florida is lucky to have my friend and colleague as their Senator. 
This is just the beginning. All of the 
iterations on this cyber legislation have been bipartisan, so that has to say something to people. We have learned as we have done the drafting on this, and we have very good staff who are technically proficient. So they know what can work and what can’t work. 
I hope I have answered that question 
from the Senator from Florida. If I can, I will go on and make some remarks on the managers’ amendment. 
Yesterday Senator B
URRand I spoke 
on this floor to describe the Cybersecu-rity Information Sharing Act of 2015, which is now the pending business. Senator B
URR filed a managers’ pack-
age on behalf of both of us, and I will quickly run through that package. 
This amendment is the product of bi-
partisan negotiations over the past several weeks within the Intelligence Committee and with sponsors of other amendments to the bill. The managers’ amendment makes several key changes to the bill to clarify authorization lan-guage, improve privacy protections, and make technical changes. It also— and I think this is of note—includes the text of 14 separate amendments. Those amendments were offered by our colleagues and I am pleased that we are able to add them to this legislation. 
In sum, this amendment has two 
main components. It makes important changes to the bill that we announced in August to address privacy concerns 
about the legislation. Second, it in-cludes several amendments authored by our colleagues that had agreement on both sides of the aisle. I will run through these amendments that will be part of the managers’ package, and I do so hopefully to reassure Members that these are positive amendments. 
First, it eliminates a provision on 
government use of cyber information on noncyber crime. The managers’ amendment eliminates a provision in the committee-passed bill that would have allowed the government to use cyber information to investigate and prosecute ‘‘serious violent felonies.’’ Eliminating this provision is a very significant privacy change. We made this change because it has been a top bipartisan concern and the provision had been used by privacy groups to claim that this is a surveillance bill. As the chairman made clear on the floor yesterday, it is not. One of the reasons it is not is because it prohibits the government from using informa-tion for crimes unrelated to cyber secu-rity. 
Let me be clear. The chairman said 
it, and I will say it today. This is not a surveillance bill. We have eliminated this provision and helped, I believe, to eliminate these concerns. So, please, let us not speak of this bill as some-thing that it isn’t. 
Second, it limits the authorization to 
share cyber threat information to cyber security purposes. The managers’ amendment limits the authorization for sharing cyber threat information provided in the bill to sharing for cyber security purposes only. This is another significant privacy change, and it has been another top bipartisan and pri-vacy group concern. 
Third, it eliminates a new FOIA ex-
emption. The managers’ amendment eliminated the creation of a new ex-emption in the Freedom of Information Act specific to cyber information that was in the committee-passed bill. Cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared in accordance with the bill’s procedures would still be eli-gible for existing FOIA exemptions, but it doesn’t add new ones. 
Four, it ensures that defensive meas-
ures are properly limited. The bill al-lows a company to take measures to defend itself, as one might expect, and the managers’ amendment clarifies that the authorization to employ de-fensive measures does not allow an en-tity to gain unauthorized access to a computer network. 
Five, it includes the Secretary of 
Homeland Security as coauthor of the government-sharing guidelines. The managers’ amendment directs both the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, rather than solely just the Attorney General, to develop policies and procedures to govern how the government quickly and appro-priately shares information about cyber threats. That should be a no- brainer. Six, it clarifies exceptions to the De-
partment of Homeland Security’s so- called portal. The managers’ amend-ment clarifies the types of cyber infor-mation sharing that are permitted to occur outside the DHS portal created by the bill. Specifically, the bill nar-rows communications outside of the Department of Homeland Security por-tal regarding previously shared cyber threat information. 
Seven, it requires procedures for no-
tifying U.S. persons whose personal in-formation has been shared by a Federal entity in violation of the bill. The managers’ amendment adds a modified version of Wyden amendment No. 2622, which requires the government to write procedures for notifying U.S. per-sons whose personal information is known or determined to have been shared by the Federal Government in a manner inconsistent with this act. 
Eight, it clarifies the real-time auto-
mated process for sharing through the DHS portal. Here the managers’ amendment adds a modified version of the Carper amendment No. 2615, which clarifies that there may be situations under which the automated real-time process of the DHS portal may result in very limited instances of delay, modification or other action due to the controls established for the process. The clarification requires that all ap-propriate Federal entities agree in ad-vance to the filters, fields or other as-pects of the automated sharing system before such delays, modifications or other actions are permitted. 
Senator C
ARPER has played a very 
positive role on this issue. He is the ranking member on the homeland secu-rity committee. He sat down with both Senator B
URRand me earlier this year. 
He has proposed some very good changes, and this is one of them, which is in the managers’ package. 
Also, the clarification ensures that 
such agreed-upon delays will apply across the board uniformly to all ap-propriate Federal entities, including the Department of Homeland Security. 
This was an important change for 
both Senator C
ARPER and Senator 
COONS and for the Department of 
Homeland Security. I am pleased we were able to reach agreement on it. Es-sentially, it will allow a fast real-time filter—and I understand this can be done—that will do an additional scrub of information going through that por-tal before the cyber information goes to other departments to take out any-thing that might be related to personal information, such as a driver’s license number, an account, a Social Security number or whatever it may be. DHS be-lieves they can put together the tech-nology to be able to do that scrub in as close to real time as possible. 
This should be very meaningful to 
the privacy community, and I really hope it is meaningful because I want to believe that their actions are not just to try to defeat this bill, but that their actions really are to make the bill bet-ter. If I am right, this is a very impor-tant addition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.019 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7378 October 21, 2015 
Again, I thank Senator C ARPER and 
Senator C OONS , and I also thank the 
chairman for agreeing to put this in. 
Nine, it clarifies that private entities 
are not required to share information with the Federal Government or an-other private entity. This is clear now. This amendment adds the Flake amendment No. 2580, which reinforces this bill’s core voluntary nature by clarifying that private entities are not required to share information with the Federal Government or another private entity. 
In other words, if you don’t like the 
bill, you don’t have to do it. So it is hard for me to understand why compa-nies are saying they can’t support the bill at this time. There is no reason not to support it because they don’t have to do anything. There are companies by the hundreds, if not thousands, that want to participate in this, and this we know. 
Ten, it adds a Federal cyber security 
enhancement title. The managers’ amendment adds a modified version of another Carper amendment, which is No. 2627, the Federal Cybersecurity En-hancement Act of 2015, as a new title II of the cyber bill. The amendment seeks to improve Federal network security and authorize and enhance an existing intrusion detection and prevention sys-tem for civilian Federal networks. 
Eleventh, we add a study on mobile 
device security. The managers’ amend-ment adds a modified version of the Coats amendment No. 2604, which re-quires the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to carry out a study and report to Congress on the cyber security threats to mobile devices of the Fed-eral Government. 
I wish to thank Senator C
OATS , who 
is a distinguished member of the Intel-ligence Committee and understands this bill well, for this amendment. 
Twelfth, it adds a requirement for 
the Secretary of State to produce an international cyber space policy strat-egy. The managers’ amendment adds Gardner/Cardin amendment No. 2631, which requires the Secretary of State to produce a comprehensive strategy focused on United States international policy with regard to cyber space. 
It is about time we do something like 
this. I am personally grateful to both Senators Gardner and Cardin for this amendment. 
Thirteenth, the managers’ amend-
ment adds a reporting provision con-cerning the apprehension and prosecu-tion of international cyber criminals. The managers’ amendment adds a modified version of Kirk-Gillibrand amendment No. 2603, which requires the Secretary of State to engage in consultations with the appropriate government officials of any country in which one or more cyber criminals are physically present and to submit an annual report to appropriate congres-sional committees on such cyber crimi-nals. 
It is about time that we get to the 
point where we can begin to make pub-lic more about cyber attacks from 
abroad because it is venal, it is star-tling, it is continuing, and in its con-tinuation, it is growing into a real monster. Let there be no doubt about that. 
Fourteenth, it improves the contents 
of the biennial report on implementa-tion of the bill. The managers’ amend-ment adds a modified version of the Tester amendment No. 2632, which re-quires detailed reporting on, No. 1, the number of cyber threat indicators re-ceived under the DHS portal process— good, let’s know—and, No. 2, the num-ber of times information shared under this bill is used to prosecute certain cyber criminals. If we can catch them, we should. We should know when pros-ecutions are made. Then, No. 3 is the number of notices that were issued, if any, for a failure to remove personal information in accordance with the re-quirements of this bill. 
Mr. President, I am spending a great 
deal of time on these details because there are rumors beginning to circulate that the bill does this or does that, which are not correct. This managers’ package is a major effort to encap-sulate what Members on both sides had concerns about. And I think the num-bers of Republican and Democratic amendments that are incorporated are about equal. 
Fifteenth, this managers’ amend-
ment improves the periodic sharing of cyber security best practices with a focus on small businesses. The man-agers’ amendment adds the Shaheen amendment No. 2597, which promotes the periodic sharing of cyber security best practices that are developed in order to assist small businesses as they improve their cyber security. 
I think this is an excellent amend-
ment and Senator S
HAHEEN should be 
commended. 
Sixteenth, the managers’ amendment 
adds a Federal cyber security work-force assessment title. The managers’ amendment adds Bennet-Portman amendment No. 2558, the Federal Cy-bersecurity Workforce Assessment Act, as a new title III to this bill. The title addresses the need to recruit a highly qualified cyber workforce across the Federal Government. 
There are just a few more, but, again, 
I do this to show—and the chairman is here—that we have listened to the con-cerns from our colleagues and we have tried to address them, so nobody should feel we are ramming through a bill and that we haven’t considered the views from others. The managers’ amendment is, in fact, a major change to the bill that reflects this collegial— sometimes a little more exercised, but collegial—discussion. Does the chair-man agree? 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the opportunity to say that I to-tally agree. The vice chairman and I have worked aggressively for the en-tirety of the year where we had dif-ferences, and we found ways to bridge those differences, where we heard from Members, where we heard from associa-
tions, where we heard from businesses. We worked with them to try to accom-modate their wishes, as long as it 
stayed within the spirit of what we were trying to accomplish, which is in-formation sharing in a voluntary ca-pacity. 
The vice chair and I came to the floor 
yesterday and said if an amendment—if an initiative falls outside of that, then we will stand up and oppose it because we understand the role this legislation should play in the process. 
The vice chairman said this is the 
first step. I don’t want to scare Mem-bers, but there are some other steps. We are not sure what they are today or we would be on the floor suggesting those, but if we can’t take the first step, then it is hard to figure out what the next and the next and the next are. So I am committed to continuing to work with the vice chairman and, more importantly, with all Members to in-corporate their great suggestions as long as we all stay headed in the same direction, and I know the vice chair-man and I are doing that. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
thank the chairman very much. If I may, through the Chair, I want the chairman to know how much I appre-ciate this tack he has taken to be flexi-ble and willing throughout this proc-ess, which extends into this managers’ package. So I believe—I truly believe— what we have come up with in this managers’ package and what Members have contributed to it makes it a bet-ter cyber bill. I know the chairman feels the same way. We can just march on shoulder to shoulder and hopefully get this done. 
I will finish up the few other items I 
have to discuss because I want people who have concerns to listen to what is being said because these changes have a major impact on the bill. 
Next, No. 17 establishes a process by 
which data on cyber security risks or incidents involving emergency re-sponse information systems can be re-ported. The managers’ amendment adds Heitkamp amendment No. 2555, which requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to establish a process by which a statewide interoperability co-ordinator may report data on any cyber security risk or incident involv-ing emergency response information systems or networks. This is a process for reporting, and certainly we need to know more. 
Next, No. 18 requires a report on the 
preparedness of the health care indus-try to respond to cyber security threats, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a health care industry cyber security task force. The managers’ amendment adds Alexander-Murray amendment No. 2719. This is a reporting require-ment to improve the cyber security posture of the health care industry. 
I don’t think anyone wants to have 
their health care data hacked into. This is deeply personal material and it should be inviolate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.023 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7379 October 21, 2015 
The provision requires the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to sub-mit a report to Congress on the pre-paredness of the health care industry to respond to cyber security threats. If we really want to help protect health care information, we have to know what is going on, and that is what this amendment enables. It also requires the Secretary to establish a health care industry cyber security task force. 
Next is No. 19, which requires new re-
ports by inspectors general. The man-agers’ amendment adds a modified version of the Hatch amendment No. 2712, which requires relevant agency in-spectors general to file reports with ap-propriate committees on the logical ac-cess standards and controls within their agencies. 
Let’s know what standards and what 
controls they have. I think it is a very prudent request of the Senator from Utah, and I am glad we were able to in-clude it. 
Next is No. 20, which adds a require-
ment for the DHS Secretary to develop a strategy to protect critical infra-structure at the greatest risk of a cy-bersecurity attack. The managers’ amendment adds the Collins amend-ment No. 2623, which requires DHS to identify critical infrastructure entities at the greatest risk of a catastrophic cyber security incident. 
This is where we have had a number 
of concerns recently. The chairman’s staff and my staff are working on this. Remember, this is a voluntary bill, and we do not want any language that might be interpreted to imply that this is not a voluntary bill. I know Senator C
OLLINS has a lot of knowledge of this 
area, and I believe we are going to be able to work this out. 
This amendment does not convey any 
new authorities to the Secretary of Homeland Security to require that critical infrastructure owners and op-erators take action, nor does it man-date reporting to the Federal Govern-ment. Its intent, which I applaud, is for the government to have a better under-standing of those critical infrastruc-ture companies that, if hacked, could cause extremely significant damage to our Nation. 
In conclusion, I would like to thank 
my colleagues for their thoughtful and helpful amendments. I am pleased that we have such a fulsome managers’ package. I believe this managers’ pack-age strengthens our bill. It adds impor-tant clarifications, including meaning-ful privacy protections, it does not do 
operational harm, and it further im-proves the strong bill that the Intel-ligence Committee passed by a strong vote of 14 to 1 earlier this year. 
I wanted to do this so that all Mem-
bers know what is in the managers’ package, and both the chairman and I believe that these additions are in the best interests of making a good bill even better. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The Senator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to acknowledge the remarks of the dis-tinguished Senator from California and the Senator from North Carolina, and I thank them for their important work on the cyber bill. I know we are going to be discussing a lot of that, and why it is important to our national secu-rity. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT  
This afternoon I wish to talk about 
another important bill that is moving its way through the process of becom-ing law, and that is the National De-fense Authorization Act, the NDAA. 
As did many of my colleagues, I 
spent last week back home in my great State of Alaska. In Alaska, it is hard not to see the strength and pride in our military everywhere, every day, every-where we go. I will provide a few exam-ples. 
We have what is called the Alaska 
Federation of Natives Convention, an annual convention that we have with a very important group of Alaskans. The theme this year was ‘‘Heroes Among Us’’ at the convention. It was about he-roes among us because Alaskan Natives serve in the U.S. military at higher rates than any other ethnic group in the country—a real special kind of pa-triotism. I had the honor, really, to meet dozens of these great veterans from all kinds of wars. I met veterans from World War II, the Attu campaign. A lot of Americans don’t realize that Alaska was actually invaded by the Japanese and we had to fight to eject them from the Aleutian Islands. I met veterans from the Philippines cam-paign under General MacArthur. I met veterans from the Korean war who served at the Chosin Reservoir. I had a great opportunity to meet an Honor Flight coming back from Washington, our veterans from World War II, Korea. Of course, just walking around Anchor-age you see and hear military members training all the time. We have a great base, JBER, with F–22s ripping through the sky, our military members keeping us safe. That sound is what we call in Alaska the sound of freedom, when you hear those jets roaring. It is every-where. 
In Alaska, we love our veterans and 
our military. We honor them. We know that providing for the national defense of our great nation, taking care of our troops, and taking care of our veterans is certainly one of the most important things we do in the Senate. Of course, it is not just Alaska. I am sure when the Presiding Officer was home in the great State of Nebraska there was the same patriotic feeling of supporting our troops and the importance of our national defense. 
For the most part, that feeling exists 
here in Washington. I have been hon-ored to sit on two committees that focus on these issues a lot: on the Armed Services Committee and Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. These are very bipartisan committees and where support for our national defense, our troops, and our veterans is across the board on both sides of the aisle—no 
doubt about it. But I do say ‘‘for the most part’’ because, as the Presiding Officer knows, nothing is truly as it seems in Washington, DC. 
I have spoken on the floor, as a num-
ber of Senators have, about what moti-vated a number of us last year to actu-ally throw our hat in the ring and run for the U.S. Senate. Like the Presiding Officer, I know a lot of us were con-cerned about the country going in the wrong direction, about a dysfunction in Washington, about a government that has run up an $18 trillion debt, no eco-nomic growth, our credit rating being downgraded, no amendments being brought to the Senate floor, no budget for the Federal Government attempted, 
no appropriations bills attempted for years. The most deliberative body in the world was certainly a body that had been shut down, and a lot of us saw a need to change that. 
So we are starting to change that. 
We are back to regular order. We are talking about debating bills. There have been dozens, if not hundreds, of amendments already this year—last year there were only 14 amendments— and we passed a budget. We passed 12 appropriations bills to fund the govern-ment—very bipartisan—and we are fo-cusing on the issues, whether it is cyber security, defense or taking care of our veterans, something the vast majority of the American people want us to focus on. 
For example, we brought to the floor 
two critical appropriations bills just a couple of months ago—the Defense ap-propriations bill and the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs bill. These passed out of the Appropriations Committee by huge bipartisan majori-ties, 27 to 3 on the Defense appropria-tions bill and 21 to 9 on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill. This is what the American people want us to do—get back to regular order, fund the government, and put together a budget. So far, so good. That is what we are called to do. 
Here is where the dysfunction of 
Washington, DC, began to rear its head again: These bills that are critical to our troops, our defense, and our vet-erans—all with strong bipartisan sup-port in committee—were brought to the floor of the Senate and they were filibustered. They were filibustered. The bill to fund our military, that funds our national defense and takes care of our veterans was filibustered— blocked—stopped by our friends on the other side of the aisle. I am not sure why. I still don’t know why. As a mat-ter of fact, I haven’t seen anyone who actually voted to filibuster these im-portant bills come down to the Senate floor and say: Here is why we voted against funding our troops. Here is why we voted against funding our veterans. 
I think the overwhelming majority of 
Americans, regardless of what State they live in, would say: No, no, no. You need to vote for these bills that are funding our military, veterans, and na-tional defense. That is one of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.025 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7380 October 21, 2015 
important things we want you to do. 
The bottom line on those votes is that our troops, our veterans, and our na-tional defense were shortchanged be-cause they didn’t get funded. 
Let me move on to the Defense au-
thorization bill, what I want to talk about today. This is an annual under-taking that sets the policies, programs, and defense strategy for our military. It also authorizes spending on national defense and our military. Again, it is certainly one of the most important tasks this body does, and I think most Senators on both sides of the aisle would agree with that. 
Once again, as with the appropria-
tions bill, we were working closely to-gether on a bipartisan basis. I was on the Armed Services Committee and this moved through the committee and it was very bipartisan. It was voted out on a strong bipartisan vote to come to the floor. I commend Chairman M
CCAIN, who did a great job on that as 
the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, and Ranking Member R
EED 
of Rhode Island did a fantastic job. I must admit that this Senator feared a little bit of a replay in terms of the scenario we saw with the appropria-tions bill—meaning strong bipartisan support out of the committee and then coming to the Senate floor and being filibustered. I feared this, in part, be-cause at one point during the Defense authorization debate the minority leader came and stated that the De-fense authorization bill was ‘‘a waste of time.’’ 
A waste of time? Tell that to the ma-
rines, the soldiers, the airmen, the sail-ors, and their families—those members of the military who are defending our country right now—that this bill was a waste of time. I guarantee they would not agree with that statement. Fortu-nately, neither did the Senate. To the contrary, the Senate has now voted on the Defense authorization bill twice, once as an original bill and once as part of a conference report with very strong bipartisan and veto-proof ma-jorities, with 71 Senators the first time around and 73 when we voted on it a couple of weeks ago. I mention the phrase ‘‘veto-proof majority’’ because incredibly the President of the United States, the Commander in Chief, has said he is going to veto this bill when it comes to his desk. It was just sent to him yesterday. 
I don’t know how the Commander in 
Chief is going to explain that to the troops or to their families or to the American people or to the 73 Senators who voted for that bill. It is important to recognize that although we may think this is all inside Washington and no one is really following it, something like this impacts morale when the Commander in Chief is saying: Hey, troops, I am going to veto this. 
This is a copy of the Marine Corps 
Times. I subscribe and read the Marine Corps Times. A lot of marines and members of the military read this all over the world. Guaranteed, our men and women deployed overseas read the 
Marine Corps Times. In this edition there is an article about how President Obama has vowed to veto the Defense authorization bill. We have marines fighting overseas who are reading this, and they are not getting it. 
This week in the Marine Corps 
Times: 
The MOAA [Military Officers Association 
of America] and other military advocacy groups have argued against the presidential veto, calling the legislation a critical policy measure that cannot be delayed. The meas-ure has been signed into law in each of the last 53 years, and includes a host of other specialty pay and bonus reauthorizations. 
In a statement from MOAA officials 
in this article that thousands of our Active-Duty troops are reading: 
The fact is that we are still a nation at 
war, and this legislation is vital to fulfilling wartime requirements. There comes a time when this year’s legislative business must be completed, and remaining disagreements left to be addressed next year. 
To govern is to choose. To govern is 
to prioritize. 
President Obama’s administration 
has spent years negotiating the Iran deal and this body spent weeks debat-ing the President’s Iran deal. We put a lot of time into it, and the President’s administration put an enormous amount of time into it. 
On the Iran deal, part of the hope 
from Secretary Kerry, the President, and others was that once it got passed by the U.S. Congress—by the way, on a partisan minority vote—that Iran would somehow start to change its be-havior and say: Look, America is some-one we want to partner with. 
Since the Senate passed the Iran 
deal, let’s see what has happened. Iran has sent troops to Syria. Iran has backed Hamas, which is now engaging in knife-murdering attacks against Israelis. The Iranian leader has stated that Israel shouldn’t exist within the next 25 years. Iran has violated the U.N. Security Council ballistic missile resolutions, and this Senator and many others think Iran has already violated the deal by firing ballistic missiles with a range of 1,000 miles. Iran has sentenced an American reporter for the Washington Post for spying. I don’t think the behavior that a lot of the supporters for this deal anticipated is happening. 
More broadly, I think it is important 
to put into context what is going on with our national security, the NDAA, the moving forward with the Iran deal, and the President’s threat to veto the NDAA. The President’s Iran deal, once implemented, will be giving tens of bil-lions of dollars to Iran, the world’s big-gest state sponsor of terrorism—but the President threatens to veto the De-fense bill that actually funds our mili-tary. The President’s Iran deal will lift sanctions on Iranian leaders such as General Soleimani, who literally has the blood of American soldiers on his hands—but the President threatens to veto U.S. troop pay bonuses and im-proved military retirement benefits. The President’s Iran deal gives Iran ac-
cess to conventional weapons, ballistic missile technology, and advanced nu-clear centrifuges—but the President threatens to veto funding for advanced weapons systems for our Armed Forces. Finally, the President’s Iran deal cer-tainly is going to allow more funding for terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas—but the President is threat-ening to veto a bill that provides addi-tional resources for our troops to fight terrorists such as ISIS. 
To govern is to choose. To govern is 
to prioritize. Has it really come to the point where the White House is more focused on freeing up funds for Iranian terrorists than funding America’s brave men and women in uniform? I certainly hope not. 
I ask all of my fellow Senators who 
voted for this bill in a very strong bi-partisan way and my fellow Alaskans and Americans to reach out to the White House. Let them know that you oppose the President’s veto of this bill. 
What we need is a strong military, 
particularly now. We need to support our troops and our veterans, and we need President Obama to sign—not veto—this bill which is critical to our national defense. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
43RD ANNIVERSARY OF THE CLEAN WATER ACT  
AND EPA ’S CLEAN WATER RULE  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this past 
Sunday was the 43rd anniversary of the enactment of the Clean Water Act. In 1972, the Clean Water Act amended the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, which was the first major U.S. law to address water pollution. This law was enacted with bipartisan support—I could really say on a nonpartisan issue—because the Congress in 1972 and the administration recognized that clean water was in our national inter-est. It was important to our public health, it was important to our envi-ronment, and it was important to our economy. This law established the basic structure for regulating pollutant discharges into the waters of the United States, and it has been the cor-nerstone of our efforts to protect our Nation’s waterways. 
Several times we have done cost 
analysis of the cost of regulation versus the benefit of clean water. It is overwhelmingly on the side of the ben-efit to our community, better health, better environment, and a better econ-omy. On this occasion I would like to speak about the recent efforts to pro-tect America’s waterways, such as the EPA’s final clean water rule, and why we should defend these efforts and allow nationwide implementation. 
In May, the EPA released their final 
clean water rule, which completed an-other chapter in the Clean Water Act’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.021 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7381 October 21, 2015 
history. As the Clean Water Act 
worked to restore the health of our Na-tion’s water resources, we saw the U.S. economy grow, demonstrating that America does not have to choose be-tween the environment and a robust economy. A clean environment helped build a robust economy. 
Two Supreme Court decisions, how-
ever, call on the EPA and the Army Corps to clarify the definitions of the waters of the United States. The EPA’s final rule restores some long overdue regulatory certainty to the Clean Water Act. I might tell you, in review-ing this rule, it basically reestablishes the longstanding understanding of what were the waters of the United States and what was subject to regula-tion. 
This rule allows the Clean Water Act 
to continue its important function of restoring the health of our Nation’s waters. The rule became effective this August, but immediately following the implementation and on this anniver-sary, there have been unprecedented attacks on the final rule. As the rule came out, a Federal district court in North Dakota granted a preliminary injunction, blocking its implementa-tion. 
The EPA continued to implement the 
rule in all States but the 13 States that filed the suit that led to the injunc-tion. However, in October, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit decided to stay the implementation of the rule for the entire country. This at-tempt to overturn the clean water rule is dangerous, shortsighted, and a step away from good governance, public health, and commonsense environ-mental protection. 
Let me tell you what is at risk. What 
is at risk are our Nation’s streams and 200 million acres of wetlands. Over half of our streams and over 200 million acres of wetland are now at risk of not being under regulation under the Clean Water Act. 
These protections are needed for 
drinking supplies for one out of every three Americans. I am very concerned about the impact on all States, but let me just talk for a moment, if I might, about my own State of Maryland. Marylanders rely upon our water as part of our life. We live on the water. Seventy percent of Marylanders live in coastal areas. We depend upon clean water. We are particularly concerned about our drinking supply of water as well as the health of the Chesapeake Bay. 
We are at risk with the waters of the 
United States confusion out there be-cause of the Supreme Court decisions and now the stay of this rule by the court. The Clean Water Act and EPA’s final rules are essential to the health of the Chesapeake Bay. Wetland pro-tections are especially critical to the Chesapeake Bay because the wetlands soak up harmful nutrient pollution. 
This past Monday, I was in Howard 
County at a NOAA announcement of the Chesapeake Bay B-WET grant. These are bay, watershed, education, 
and training funds. These are small dollars that go to institutions to help educate our children. In this case, the Howard County Conservancy received a grant because they bring all of the stu-dents from the Howard County public schools to an outdoor experience to rate and judge the streams in our com-munity. 
The streams, of course, flow into the 
Chesapeake Bay. They are giving us a report card. I must tell you, that re-port card is not going to be as good as it should be. Without the protections in the Clean Water Act, it is going to be more difficult to meet the goals we need to in order to protect the Chesa-peake Bay and all of the watersheds in this country for future generations. 
The health of the bay is closely 
linked to upstream water quality and the restoration and protection of head-waters. It should go without saying that these waters are located in States beyond Maryland’s borders. Improve-ments to upstream water quality are positively correlated with the water quality of the bay. We need a national program. That is what the Clean Water Act is. It is a national commitment be-cause we know that the watersheds go beyond State borders. 
In Maryland, we set up the Chesa-
peake Bay Partnership. Yes, Virginia and Maryland are working together, but we also have the cooperation of Pennsylvania, of New York, of West Virginia, of Delaware. Why? Because these States contribute to the water supplies going into the Chesapeake Bay. We need to protect these waters. 
Protecting of America’s waters is 
critically important to public health. So what is at stake here? What is at stake if we derail the clean water rule? The public health of the people of Maryland and all States around this country. Public health and the envi-ronment in my State and the States of my colleagues have become seriously at risk from this decision that hinders this essential commonsense guidance. 
I hope the court moves swiftly to af-
firm the rule in its final decision and restores the invaluable protections needed for the drinking supplies of one out of every three Americans. As we recognize the anniversary of the Clean Water Act, I want us to continue to de-fend this Nation’s waters from pollu-tion. This act ensures that every cit-izen receives the clean water they need and deserve. 
The EPA’s final clean water rule pro-
vides further regulatory clarity that we need to ensure the health of our water resources. I urge my colleagues to continue to defend and fight for clean water as we recognize the 43rd anniversary of the Clean Water Act. Every Congress should, as its legacy, add to the protections that we provide for clean water in this country. That should be the legacy of every Congress, but we certainly don’t want to hinder that record. Therefore, we need to im-plement the EPA’s clean water rule na-tionwide. I urge my colleagues to sup-
port such action. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2612, AS MODIFIED  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
call for the regular order with respect to the Franken amendment No. 2612. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2612, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask that the amendment be further modified to correct the instruction line in the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is so further modified. 
The amendment, as further modified, 
is as follows: 
Beginning on page 4, strike line 9 and all 
that follows through page 5, line 21, and in-sert the following: 
system that is reasonably likely to result in 
an unauthorized effort to adversely impact the security, availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or infor-mation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cybersecurity 
threat’’ does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement. 
(6) C
YBER THREAT INDICATOR .—The term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information that is necessary to describe or identify— 
(A) malicious reconnaissance, including 
anomalous patterns of communications that appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering technical information related to a cybersecurity threat or security vulner-ability; 
(B) a method of defeating a security con-
trol or exploitation of a security vulner-ability; 
(C) a security vulnerability, including 
anomalous activity that appears to indicate the existence of a security vulnerability; 
(D) a method of causing a user with legiti-
mate access to an information system or in-formation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to unwit-tingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(E) malicious cyber command and control; (F) the harm caused by an incident, includ-
ing a description of the information exfiltrated as a result of a particular cyber-security threat; 
(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
threat, if disclosure of such information is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Thank you. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2581, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I call for 
the regular order with respect to the Cotton amendment No. 2581. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
The Senator from Louisiana. 
MENTAL HEALTH REFORM ACT  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, for 25 
years I have worked in the Louisiana public hospital system. You cannot help but notice when you work in a public hospital system, but also in pri-vate hospitals, how often mental health issues are directly a part of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.026 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7382 October 21, 2015 
patient who comes to see you. It does 
not just have to be a physician seeing patients in the emergency room. Each of our families, mine included, has a family member or a friend with serious mental illness. It is nonpartisan. It cuts across demographic lines. 
If I go before a group anywhere in my 
State, indeed anywhere in the Nation, and bring up the need to address seri-ous mental illness, all heads nod yes. It is true of my family. It is true of yours. It is true of almost everybody watching today. I am old enough to remember when people would not speak of cancer. There was a stigma associated with having cancer. That is long gone, much to our advantage, but for some reason, there continues to be a stigma, a shame, associated with mental illness. I will argue that stigma and sense of shame has retarded what we can do. 
This is something that we have to ad-
dress, we have to discuss, and we have to go forward. The discussion right now, frankly, is being driven by trag-edy: Lafayette, Louisiana; Newtown; Charleston; Oregon; Tennessee. We have heard stories and they are beyond heartbreaking, but what is not spoken of are the broken families, the parents that know there is something wrong with their child but do not know where to go to receive help, ending up in an overcrowded emergency room or with their child in a jail or prison when a more appropriate setting would be else-where. 
It is in the midst of these terrible 
tragedies that at least we can hope they can serve as a catalyst for society and Congress to begin to fix America’s broken mental health system. Maybe something good can happen, even from tragedies as horrific as these. 
The question is, If one of the roles of 
Congress is to respond to societal needs that justify Federal involvement, should we not ask ourselves why has there been such a failure to address the issue of serious mental illness? I am pleased to say that my colleague, Sen-ator C
HRIS MURPHY , and I wish to 
change that. We have introduced the bipartisan Mental Health Reform Act, which now has 10 cosponsors, both Re-publican and Democrat. 
Our bill begins to fix our mental 
health system and attempts to address the root cause of mass violence, which is recognized but untreated mental ill-ness. How does our bill begin to do so? First, patients too often cannot get the care they need and too often have a long delay between diagnosis and treat-ment. Access delayed is access denied. Access is hampered by a shortage of mental health providers and too few beds for those with serious mental ill-ness who truly need to be hospitalized. 
Related to this, right now people 
with major mental illness tend to die from physical illness as much as 20 years younger than someone who does not have serious mental illness. As a physician, I know if we treat the whole patient, if we integrate care, it is bet-ter. Medicaid, though, by policy, will not pay for a patient to see two physi-
cians on the same day. 
So imagine this: A family practi-
tioner sees a patient who clearly has major mental illness and, because the patient is right there, would like him to walk down the hallway to see her friend the psychiatrist, to have both addressed immediately while the pa-tient is there. Medicaid will not pay the psychiatrist. On the other hand, the patient might be seeing a psychia-trist and have seriously high blood pressure or evidence for diabetes out of control, but the psychiatrist cannot say: Wait a second. Let me walk you down the hallway to see my colleague, the family practitioner, because Med-icaid will not pay for that. By the way, private health insurance will. This is a policy change we need for public health insurance. Our bill would allow pa-tients to use both mental and physical health services the same day. 
Secondly, most people have their 
first episode of serious mental illness between the ages of 15 and 25, starting down a path that ends with their life and their family’s lives tragically al-tered. This bill attempts to identify those young folks, stopping that path from ever opening up, and preventing the first episode of serious mental ill-ness or, if it does occur, leading them on a path of wholeness, a path towards wellness. 
Another thing our bill does is it es-
tablishes a grant program focused on intensive early intervention for chil-dren who demonstrate those first signs that can evolve into serious mental ill-ness that may only occur in adoles-cence or adulthood. A second grant program supports pediatricians who are consulting with mental health teams. This program has already been successful in States such as Massachu-setts and Connecticut. 
Third, without appropriate treat-
ment options, prisons, jails, and emer-gency rooms have become the de facto mental health care providers. More than three times as many mentally ill are housed in prisons and jails than in hospitals, according to the National Sheriffs’ Association. Overcrowded U.S. emergency rooms have become the treatment source of last resort for psy-chiatric patients. We incentivize States to create alternatives where pa-tients may be seen, treated, and super-vised in outpatient settings, as opposed to being incarcerated. 
Our bill creates an Under Secretary 
for Mental Health within the U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. This Under Secretary’s responsi-bility would be to coordinate mental health services across the Federal sys-tem to help identify and implement ef-fective and promising models of care. 
It reauthorizes successful programs, 
such as the community mental health block grant and State-based data col-lection. The bill also increases funding for critical biomedical research on mental health. On top of this, it strengthens the transparency and en-forcement of mental health parity by 
requiring the U.S. Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Treasury to audit the implementa-tion of the mental health parity move-ment to determine the parity between mental and physical health services. 
Our bill does other things, but the 
most important thing it does is it helps prevent tragedies. It helps families, and it helps those broken individuals affected by mental illness become whole. 
In 2006, William Bruce of Maine was a 
24-year-old who needed help. He suf-fered with schizophrenia and had been hospitalized. Without contacting his parents, our broken health care system allowed William to be released—even though his doctors said he was ‘‘very dangerous indeed for release to the community.’’ Sadly, 2 months later he murdered his mother at home with a hatchet. This story is tragic and heart-breaking, and even worse, it could pos-sibly have been prevented if we had worked then to fix our broken mental health system. We wish to fix it now so there is not another such episode in the future. 
The time for mental health reform is 
now. If not now, when? If not us, who? If not now and not us, there will be more Lafayettes, Newtowns, Charles-tons, Tennessees, Oregons, and more broken families. 
This bill does not wave a magic 
wand, but it puts us on a path where we can say these things that once oc-curred perhaps no longer will. 
Thank you. I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Con-
necticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I am on 
the floor today to join my good friend from Louisiana, Senator C
ASSIDY , as 
we formally introduce to the Chamber the Mental Health Reform Act of 2015. I thank him personally for all the time he has put into this not only as a Mem-ber of the Senate but previous to this as a Member of the House of Represent-atives. 
This effort is patterned after a bill 
Senator C
ASSIDY and my namesake, 
Representative T IMMURPHY of Penn-
sylvania, worked on for years in the House of Representatives. 
I wish to begin by sharing a story 
with you—that is the way Senator C
AS-
SIDY ended. I will talk about a woman 
from Bloomfield, CT, named Betsy. She has a 28-year-old son, John, who suffers from schizoaffective disorder. It is a se-rious mental illness whose signs began showing when John was 15 years old. He was hospitalized—think about this—15 different times between the ages of 15 years old and 18 years old, generally only for time-limited stays ranging from about 5 days to maybe 2 weeks. Despite the severity of the con-dition, he was told upon discharge there was really nowhere for him to go, no permanent solution for this young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.029 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7383 October 21, 2015 
man. He was just an adolescent, but his 
parents were told there was no place for him to be treated. What resulted was not only John getting to a break-ing point but his parents as well. 
As we know, serious mental illness 
doesn’t affect just the individual per-son, it also affects family members who are trying to care for them. 
Without needed supports and serv-
ices, John became increasingly remote and psychotic until he was hospitalized again. Upon discharge this time, John went to a shelter—the only place he could go. Since he couldn’t follow the shelter’s rules, John, whom his mother said was ‘‘young, fragile, vulnerable and mentally unstable,’’ was kicked out to survive homeless on the streets. 
John finally—finally—was able to get 
a bed at a place that was able to house him for longer than 2 weeks, Con-necticut Valley Hospital. That ability to get John stabilized for a longer pe-riod of time, get him into a real treat-ment plan, allowed him to then trans-fer into a community bed in Middle-town, CT. That is where John is today. John has been living successfully out in the community for 3 years. But we spent millions of dollars on John’s care, which led to no better outcome for him. We wasted millions of dollars and potentially thousands of hours of time because he was shuttled in and out of hospitals without any long-term treatment and without any hope for him and his family. 
What Senator C
ASSIDY and I are try-
ing to say is that there is a better way. We are already spending billions of dol-lars on inadequate mental health care in this country. We need to do better, but a lot of this is just about spending money in a more effective way. 
One of the programs our bill helps 
fund is an early-intervention program for individuals who show their first epi-sode of psychosis. The program the Na-tional Institutes of Mental Health just evaluated—with findings released yes-terday—was the RAISE Program. And in Connecticut we run a similar pro-gram called the STEP Program. What this study showed yesterday is that if you provide wraparound services to an individual who shows a first episode of psychosis—comprehensive, immediate services—you can get a dramatic de-crease in the number of episodes they show later in life. In Connecticut, we found that the STEP Program reduced hospitalizations by nearly 50 percent after individuals were given those wraparound services immediately. When they did need hospitalizations later on, they were on average 6 days less than when you didn’t provide those wraparound services. 
These are the types of programs that 
could have helped Betsy’s son John early so that he could have started his recovery as a teenager rather than in his twenties. They could have saved the U.S. Government and the State of Connecticut a lot of money as well. 
The trendlines beyond the anecdotes 
are very disturbing. Mental illness has been on the rise for the past few dec-
ades. One out of five adults today is coping with mental illness. If you look at the time period from 1987 to 2007, the number of people with mental disorders who qualify for SSI has risen by 2
1⁄2 
times. From 1980 to 2000, we put up to 72,000 people in our jails who prior to deinstitutionalization would have been 
in psychiatric hospitals—people who are in jail primarily or only because of their psychiatric disorder. 
Just in the last 2 years alone, the 
number of people that HRSA estimates to be living in a mental health short-age area has gone from 91 million—that is pretty bad to start with—up to 97 million. That is just 2 years of data. Since 2005, we have closed 14 percent of our inpatient beds in this country. So what is happening is a dramatic in-crease in the number of people who are suffering from mental illness and a rather dramatic decrease in both out-patient and inpatient capacity. We have to provide more resources to meet the demand, but we also have to spend money better. 
Senator C
ASSIDY covered our piece of 
legislation accurately, so I won’t go into detail, but I wish to talk about our process. What we decided to do at the beginning of this year was bring to-gether all of the groups—the provider groups, the advocacy groups, the hos-pital groups—who have worked on this issue for years and then bring in those in the House of Representatives who have been working on this as well: Rep-resentative T
IMMURPHY and E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON . 
They have a bipartisan reform bill in 
the House. We decided not to start from scratch but to take their piece of legislation, knowing that it has a good chance of passage in the House, and try to build on it and improve it. 
We spent 6 months meeting with all 
of these groups and coming up with our own consensus product that today has the support of a cross-section of behav-ioral advocacy groups all across the country, including the National Alli-ance for the Mentally Ill, the National Council for Behavioral Health, the American Psychological Association, the American Psychiatric Association, social workers, the American Founda-tion for Suicide Prevention, and the list goes on. We also went out to our colleagues as well, knowing that noth-ing in the Senate can pass without not just bipartisan support but bipartisan support that reflects the diversity of both of our caucuses. We think we were able to build a good foundation of co-sponsors for this bill: Senators F
RANKEN , STABENOW , BLUMENTHAL , and 
SCHUMER on the Democratic side, and 
Senators M URKOWSKI , COLLINS , VITTER , 
and C APITO on the Republican side. We 
hope that this coalition of groups on the outside, this alliance with a reform effort in the House that we believe has legislative legs, and a good one-for-one with some cosponsors in the Senate, will allow us to move this bill forward, and we have to. We have to. So I will end where Senator C
ASSIDY  
began his remarks, which is why the Nation’s attention has turned to this question of how we reform our mental health system. We lived through a tragic and gut-wrenching episode of mass destruction in Newtown, CT. Sen-ator C
ASSIDY has had his own experi-
ence with mass tragedy. The reality is that the reasons why we see these epi-sodes of mass shootings are com-plicated, but if you read the report on Adam Lanza’s intersection with Con-necticut’s mental health system, you will see that it failed him. It failed him and it failed his family. I don’t know that correcting the mental health sys-tem alone would have changed what happened in Newtown, but I know that if we fix our mental health system, we will have a downward pressure on the episodes of mass violence that happen in this country. 
But, as Senator C
ASSIDY said, we 
should fix our mental health system because it is broken for everyone, re-gardless of whether an individual has a predisposition towards violence, be-cause, of course, the reality is that people with mental illness are much more likely to be the victims of vio-lence than they are to be the perpetra-tors of violence. So there is no inherent connection between mental illness and violence. But these mass shootings have drawn the Nation’s attention to what Congress can agree on right now that will try to improve public safety across this Nation. 
We are not going to get a background 
checks bill this year. I hoped we could, but we won’t. What we can get is a mental health reform bill, and that will help everyone—the case in Maine, the individual in Bloomfield, and mil-lions of others who have had a miser-able experience with a mental health system that is broken today, in part because of lack of coordination and in part because of lack of funding. 
I am so thankful to Senator C
ASSIDY  
for being with me on the floor today. I am grateful for his friendship and for his cooperation on bringing this truly bipartisan Mental Health Reform Act to the floor of the Senate. We rec-ommend it to our colleagues. We look forward to the upcoming hearings in the HELP Committee that we both sit on, and we hope to be back on the floor of the Senate as soon as possible to move forward on its passage through this body. 
I say thank you to my colleague in 
the Senate, Senator C
ASSIDY . 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
to express my strong support for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.030 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7384 October 21, 2015 
bill before the Senate, S. 754, the Cy-
bersecurity Information Sharing Act, and I want to thank the bill’s man-agers for their leadership in drafting this bill and putting a lot of hard work into the bill. 
Cyber security challenges that 
threaten us are very real challenges. We receive almost daily reminders of the importance of effective cyber secu-rity to protect our private data and the safety and security of the entire Na-tion from cyber attacks. These attacks have compromised the personal infor-mation of so many Americans as well as sensitive national security informa-tion. That national security issue might even be the biggest of the ones we hope to deal with. 
The legislation before us will encour-
age the government and the private sector to work together to address these cyber security challenges. This bill helps create a strong legal frame-work for information sharing that will help us respond to these threats. The bill authorizes private companies to voluntarily share cyber threat infor-mation with each other and with the government. In turn, the bill permits the government to share this type of information with private entities. 
The bill reduces the uncertainty and, 
most importantly, the legal barriers that either limit or prohibit the shar-ing of cyber threat information today. At the same time, the bill includes very significant privacy protections to strike a balance between maintaining security and protecting our civil lib-erties. For example, it restricts the government from acquiring or using cyber threat information except for limited cyber security purposes. 
So, as I did at the beginning, I want 
to salute the leadership of the chair and vice chair of the Select Committee on Intelligence, Senator B
URRand Sen-
ator F EINSTEIN , for their efforts on this 
bill. I know from the last couple of Congresses that this type of legislation isn’t easy to put together. In the 112th Congress, I cosponsored cyber security legislation along with several of my colleagues. This involved working across several committees of jurisdic-tion. Last Congress, as then-ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, I continued to work with the Select Committee on Intelligence and others on an earlier version of this bill. Unfor-tunately, Democratic leadership never gave the Senate an opportunity to de-bate and to vote on that bill in the last Congress. 
Senators B
URR and F EINSTEIN were 
undaunted, however, and this Congress they diligently worked and continued to seek input from relevant commit-tees of jurisdiction, including the Judi-ciary Committee that I chair. They in-corporated the views of a broad range of Senators and worked to address the concerns of stakeholders outside of the Congress. This has produced their man-agers’ amendment. 
This is a bill that enjoys broad bipar-
tisan support. As with most pieces of legislation that come before the Sen-
ate, it is not a perfect piece of legisla-tion from any individual Senator’s point of view, but in finding common ground, it has turned out to be a good bill that addresses a very real problem. 
It is time for us to do our job and to 
vote. This is how the Senate is sup-posed to work. Now is the time for ac-tion because the question isn’t whether there will be another cyber attack, the question is when that attack will hap-pen. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I am here 
to briefly talk on S. 754, the cyber se-curity bill. Yesterday Vice Chairman D
IANNE FEINSTEIN and I came to the 
floor and encouraged our Members who had amendments or who had an inter-est in debating the bill to come to the floor. It was my hope that we could fin-ish in a couple of days with the co-operation of Members. We have not gotten that level of cooperation. There-fore, this will take several more days to finish. But it doesn’t lessen the im-portance for those Members who have amendments in the queue—meaning they are pending—to come to the floor and talk about their amendments if they would like to. At some point, we will culminate this process, and those amendments that have yet to be dis-posed of will have votes with a very limited amount of debate time in-cluded. 
It is my hope that we will have a 
wholesome debate and that people will have an opportunity to know what is in this bill if they don’t today. But more importantly, through that debate we are able to share with the American people why a cyber security bill is so important and, more importantly, why we have done it in a way that we think it will be embraced and endorsed by not just corporate America but by indi-viduals throughout the country. 
Let me announce today that this bill 
will be done either Monday evening or Tuesday morning based upon what the leadership on both sides can agree to as it relates to the debate. The Vice Chair and I also came to the floor and we made this statement: We have worked aggressively in a bipartisan way to in-corporate in the managers’ package, which is currently pending, 14 amend-ments, and 8 of those amendments were included in the unanimous consent agreement made earlier this year when we delayed consideration of the bill until the day when we moved forward. There were several amendments on which we weren’t able to reach an agreement or that we believed changed the policy significantly enough that this was not just an information shar-
ing bill that was voluntary for corpora-tions throughout this country. In the absence of being able to keep this bill intact in a way that we thought we needed to, the Vice Chairman and I have agreed to lock arms and to be op-posed to those additional amendments. 
Having said that, the debate to date 
has focused on the fact that there are technology companies across this coun-try that are opposed to this bill. Yes-terday the Vice Chairman and I repeat-edly reminded our colleagues and the American people that this is a vol-untary bill. There is nothing manda-tory in it. The reality is that if you don’t like what is in this, if for some reason you don’t want to participate in what I would refer to as a community watch program—it is real simple; it is voluntary—do not participate. Choose not to inform the Federal Government when hackers have penetrated your system and stolen personal data out of it. Just choose not to tell us. But do not ruin it for everybody else. In a minute I am going to go through again why I think the cyber security bill should become law, why I think this is the first step of how we protect the personal data of the American people, and why hundreds, if not thousands, of businesses support this information sharing bill. But I can’t stress that enough for those who oppose this. Most of them are, in fact, companies that hold the most private data in the world. Let me say that again. Those who are expressing opposition to this bill hold the largest banks of personal data in the world. 
The decision as to whether they are 
for the bill or against the bill is their decision. The decision whether they utilize this voluntary program to fur-ther protect the personal data that is in their system is between them and their customers. But I have to say that it defies reason as to why a company that holds that much personal data wouldn’t at least like to have the op-tion of being able to partner with the Federal Government in an effort to minimize data loss, whether it is at their company or whether it is in their industry sector or whether it is in the global economy as a whole. 
The last time I checked, the health of 
U.S. businesses was reliant on the health of the U.S. economy, and the health of the U.S. economy is affected by the health of the global economy. I know the Presiding Officer understands that because he was in business like I was for 17 years. 
It really does concern me that one 
could be opposed to something that in-sulates the U.S. economy from having an adverse impact by the cyber secu-rity act and believes that they are OK even though it might tank the U.S. economy. 
At the end of the day, I want to try 
to put this in 101 terms, the simplest terms of what the information sharing bill does. I am going to break it into three baskets. It is about business to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.032 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7385 October 21, 2015 
business. This bill allows a company 
that has been hacked—where somebody has penetrated their computer system and has access to their data—to imme-diately pick up the phone and call their competitor and ask their competitor whether they have had a similar pene-tration of their system. 
It is only reasonable to expect that 
the first person you would go to is a company that has a business that looks exactly like yours. In that particular case, this legislation provides that company with protection under the anti-trust laws. Anti-trust forbids com-panies from collaborating together. What we say is that if it has do with minimizing the loss of data, we want to allow the collaboration of competitors for the specific reason of discussing a cyber attack. 
The Senate recognizes I have de-
signed something in this that doesn’t require a corporate lawyer to sit in the room when the decision is made. I have no personal dislike for lawyers other than the fact that they slow things down. To minimize the loss of data means you have to have a process that goes in real time from the bottom of the chain all the way to the decision-making and the communication back down, not only to that business, but to the entire economy. Having a lawyer that has to think whether we can le-gally do this defeats the purpose of try-ing to minimize data loss. So we give them a blanket exemption under the anti-trust laws so they know up front that they can pick up the phone and call their competitor, and there is no Justice Department that will come down on them as long as they confine it to the discussion of cyber attack. 
At the same time we initiate what I 
call business to government, which means that when the IT department is talking to their competitor, the IT de-partment can put out a notification through the Federal portal that they have been attacked, and that initiates the exchange of a limited amount of in-formation that has been predetermined by everybody in the Federal Govern-ment who needs to do the forensics of who attacked, what tool they used, and what defensive mechanism could be put up in the way of software that would eliminate the breach. 
In the statute we have said, one, you 
can’t transmit personal data unless it is absolutely crucial to understanding the forensics of the attack. We have also said in statutory language to the government agencies: If for some rea-son personal data makes it through your filters, you cannot transmit that personal data anywhere else within the Federal Government or to the public. 
We have gone to great lengths to 
make sure that personal data is not disclosed through the notification process of a hack. I understand that the personal data has already been accessed by the individual who com-mitted the act, but we want to make sure that the government doesn’t con-tribute to the distribution of that data. In order to create an incentive in a 
voluntary program for a business to initiate that notification to the Fed-eral Government, we provide liability protection. Anytime a company allows personal data or data on their business to get out, there could potentially be a shareholder’s suit. What we do is pro-vide a blanket liability protection to make sure that a company can’t be sued for the government notification of a security breach where data has been removed and it is in the best interest of the government to know it, to react to it, and for the general population of businesses in America to understand it. 
So we have business-to-business col-
laboration with your competitor, anti- trust protection, business-to-govern-ment liability protection, no personal data transmitted, and the last piece is government to business. 
It is hard for me to believe that the 
government didn’t have the statutory authority to convey to businesses across America when a cyber attack is in progress. The Federal Government has to be asked to come in and typi-cally will be asked by the company that has been attacked, but how about their competitors? How about the in-dustry sector? How about the whole U.S. economy? There is no authority to do that. This bill creates the authority 
in the Federal Government to receive that information from a company that has been penetrated, to process it, to understand who did it, to understand the attack tool they used, to determine the defensive mechanism of software that it can be put on, and then to no-tify American businesses that there is an attack happening now, and here is the attack tool and software you can buy off the shelf and put on your com-puter system to protect you. That is it. That is the entire information sharing bill, and it is voluntary. 
I will touch on eight items very brief-
ly. Why is there a need for cyber legis-lation? I don’t want to state the obvi-ous, but we have already seen that in-dividuals and nation states penetrate the private sector and steal personal data, and the Federal Government can steal personal data. I thought it would hit home with my colleagues when the Office of Personnel Management was breached, and now we are up to 22 to 24 million individuals who were com-promised. More importantly, the per-sonal data at OPM extended to every individual who had ever applied for a security clearance, who had ever been granted security clearance, and who had security clearances and are now re-tired, but for some reason that applica-tion remained in the database. That application, which consists of 18 pages, has the most personal information one can find. It lists your parents and their Social Security numbers, your broth-ers, your sisters, where you lived since you graduated from college. It even has a page that asks you to share the most obvious way that someone might blackmail you. It has probably some of the most damaging personal informa-tion that one can have breached. Cyber attacks have harmed multiple 
U.S. companies. If this weren’t serious, would the President of China and the President of the United States, when they met several weeks ago, have come to an agreement about how they would intercede if one country or the other commits a cyber attack against each other? Probably not. 
Our bill is completely voluntary, and 
I think it is safe to say that those who want to share data can, in fact, share data on this. 
I mentioned the words ‘‘real time.’’ 
What we want to do is create a real- time system because we want a part-nership. We want a partnership with other private companies and we want a partnership with the private and public sector, and you can’t get a partnership by mandating it. All you can get is an adversarial relationship. We maintain that voluntary status in the hope that the sharing of that information is, in fact, real time. We can control—once you transmit to the Federal Govern-ment—how to define ‘‘real time.’’ I have no control over a private com-pany’s decision once they know they have been breached to the point that they actually make a notification to the Federal Government, but with the liability protection and anti-trust cov-erage, we are convinced that we are structured from the beginning to cre-ate an incentive for real time to take place. 
We protect personal privacy. Many 
have come to the floor and have sug-gested that this is a surveillance bill. Let me say to my colleagues and to the American people: There is no capa-bility for this to become a surveillance bill. The managers’ amendment took those items that people were concerned with and eliminated it. We can be ac-cused of a lot of things, but to accuse this of being a surveillance bill is ei-ther a sign of ignorance or a sign that one is being disingenuous. It is not a surveillance bill. Be critical of what we are attempting to do, be critical of what we do, but don’t use the latitude to suggest that this is something that it is not. 
We require private companies and the 
government to eliminate any irrele-vant personal, identifiable information before sharing the cyber threat indica-tors or putting up defensive mecha-nisms. 
This bill does not allow the govern-
ment to monitor private networks or computers. It does not let government shut down Web sites or require compa-nies to turn over personal information. 
This bill does not permit the govern-
ment to retain or use cyber threat in-formation for anything other than cyber security purposes, identifying a cyber security threat, protecting indi-viduals from death or serious bodily or economic harm, protecting minors, or investigating limited cyber crime of-fenses. 
This bill provides rigorous oversight 
and requires a periodic interagency in-spector general’s report to assess 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.036 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7386 October 21, 2015 
whether the government has violated 
any of the requirements in this bill. The report also will assess any impact this bill may have on privacy and civil 
liberties. In the report, we require the IG to report to us whether anybody does anything outside what the statute allows them to do, but we also ask the IG to make a gut call on whether we have protected privacy and civil lib-erties. 
Finally, our managers’ amendment 
has incorporated an additional provi-sion to enhance privacy protections first. Our managers’ amendment omit-ted the government’s ability to use cyber information to investigate and prosecute serious and violent felonies. Let me raise my hand and say I am guilty. I felt very strongly that that should have been in the bill. If we find during an investigation that an indi-vidual has committed a felony that is not related to a cyber attack, I thought we should turn that informa-tion over to law enforcement but, no, we dropped it. I don’t want there to be any question as to whether this is an effective cyber information sharing bill. 
Our managers’ amendment limited 
cyber threat information sharing au-thorities to those items that are shared for cyber security purposes. Both of these changes ensure that nothing in our bill reaches beyond the focus of cyber security threats that are in-tended to prevent and deter an attack, and nothing in this bill creates any po-tential for surveillance authorities. 
Now, as I said, despite rumors to the 
contrary, this bill is voluntary. It is a voluntary threat indicator to share with authorities and does not provide in any way for the government to spy on or use library and book records, gun sales, tax records, educational records, or medical records. There is something in that for every member of every State. 
I can honestly look at my librarians 
and say we haven’t breached the public libraries’ protection of personal data. I will say librarians are not fans of this legislation. I don’t think they have read the managers’ amendment that spells out the concerns we heard and then said: This can’t go there. I am not sure we can statutorily state it any clearer than what we have done. 
Given that cyber attackers have 
hacked into, stolen, and publicly dis-closed so much private, personal infor-mation, it is astounding to me that pri-vacy groups would oppose this bill. It has nothing to do with surveillance, and it seeks to protect private informa-tion from being stolen. 
There are no offensive measures. This 
bill ensures that the government can-not install, employ or otherwise use cyber security systems on private sec-tor networks. In other words, no one can hack back into another computer, even if the purpose is to protect against or squash a cyber attack. It can’t be done. It is illegal. 
The government cannot retain or use 
cyber threat information for anything other than cyber security purposes, in-
cluding preventing, investigating, dis-rupting, and prosecuting limited cyber crimes, protecting minors, and pro-tecting individuals from death or seri-ous bodily harm, or economic harm. 
The government cannot use cyber 
threat information in regulatory pro-ceedings. Let me state that again. The government cannot use cyber threat information in regulatory proceedings. If somebody believes this is not vol-untary and that there is some attempt to try to get a mandatory hook in here where regulators can turn around and bypass the legislative responsibility of the Congress of the United States, let me just say, we are explicit. It cannot be done. But we are also explicit that the government cannot retain this in-formation for anything other than the list of items I discussed. This provides focused liability protection to private companies that monitor their own sys-tems and share cyber threat indicators and defensive mechanisms in accord-ance with the act, but the liability pro-tection is not open-ended. This doesn’t provide liability protection for a com-pany that engages in gross negligence or willful misconduct. I am not a law-yer, but I have been told that ties it up pretty tightly; that it makes a very small, narrow lane that companies can achieve liability protection, and that lane means they are transferring that information to the Federal Govern-ment. 
Last, independent oversight. This bill 
provides rigorous oversight. It requires a periodic interagency inspector gen-eral’s report to assess whether the gov-ernment has violated any of the re-quirements of this act. The report also will assess any impact that this bill may have on privacy and civil liberties as well as an assessment of what the government has done to reduce any im-pact. 
This bill further requires an inde-
pendent privacy and civil liberties oversight board to assess any impact this bill may have on privacy and civil liberties and is, in fact, reviewed inter-nally by an inspector general. The in-spector general checks to make sure they live by the letter of the law. The inspector general makes an assessment on the privacy and civil liberties, and we set up an independent board to look at whether, in fact, privacy and civil liberties have been protected. 
I say to my colleagues, if there is 
more that they need in here, tell us what it is. The amendment process is open. 
Here is where we are. Privacy folks 
don’t want a bill, period. Some Mem-bers don’t want a bill, period. I get it. I am willing to adapt to that. I only need 60 votes for this to pass, and then I have to conference it with the House that has two different versions. Then I have to go to the other end of Pennsyl-vania Avenue, and I have to convince the President and his whole adminis-tration to support this bill. Let me quote the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. They support 
this bill. The National Security Coun-cil tomorrow is going to come out in support of this bill. Why? Because most people recognize the fact that we need this, that this is the responsible thing to do. This is why Congress was cre-ated. 
If, in fact, there are those who object, 
don’t participate. I say to those busi-
nesses around the country, I am not going to get into your decisionmaking, although I think it is flawed. You hold most of the personal data of any com-panies out there. Yet you don’t want to see any coordinated effort to minimize data loss in the U.S. economy. I think that is extremely shortsighted. I think your customers would disagree with you, but the legislation was written in a way that allows you to opt out and to say: I don’t want to play in this sand-box. 
I say to my colleagues and to the 
American people: Is that a reason for us not to allow the thousands of com-panies that want to do it, representing hundreds of thousands and millions of customers who want to protect their credit card number, their health records, all the personal data that is out there on them—if they want to see that protected, should they not have that done because some companies say they don’t want to play? No. We make it voluntary, and we allow them to opt out. They can explain to their cus-tomers why. If I am with another tech company and they are participating in this, they must be more interested in protecting my data. I think it is a tough sell myself as a guy in business for 17 years. 
I know what is up here. Some are 
looking at this as a marketing tool. They are going to go out and say: We don’t participate in transferring data to the Federal Government. Oh, really. Wait until the day you get penetrated. Wait until the day they download all of that personal information on all of your customers. You are going to be begging for a partnership with the Fed-eral Government. Then we are going to extend it to you, whether you liked it or not, whether you voted for the bill or supported the bill or spoke in favor of the bill or ever participated in it. If we pass this bill, which I think we will, they will have an opportunity to part-ner with the Federal Government and to do it in an effective way. In the meantime, I think there will be just as many businesses using a marketing tool that says: We like the cyber infor-mation sharing bill, and if we ever need to use it, we are looking forward to partnering with the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, and the National Security Agency because we want to minimize the exposure of the loss of data our customers could have. 
Mark my words. There is a real bat-
tle getting ready to brew here. Again, putting on my business hat, I like the idea of being able to go out and sell the fact that I am going to partner if some-thing happens much better than selling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.037 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7387 October 21, 2015 
the pitch that I am going to do this 
alone. Think about it. A high school student last week hacked the personal email account of the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security and the Director of the CIA. This is almost ‘‘Star Trek.’’ ‘‘Beam me up, Scotty.’’ 
There are people who believe that 
this is just going to go away. It is not going away. Every day there is an at-tempt to try to penetrate a U.S. com-pany, an agency of the Federal Govern-ment for one reason: to access personal data. The intent is there from individ-uals and from nation states. For com-panies that think this is going to go away or think they are smart enough that it is not going to happen to them, I have seen some of the best and they are one click away from somebody downloading and entering their system and that click may not be protected by technology. It may be the lack of abil-ity of an employee to make the right decision on whether they open an email, and, boom, they have just ex-posed everybody in their system. 
So I will wrap up because I see my 
good friend and colleague Senator W
YDEN is here. We will have several 
days, based upon the process we have in front of us, to talk about the good, and some will talk about the bad, which I don’t think exists, but let me assure my colleagues that the ugly part of this—the ugly part of this—is that cyber theft is real. It doesn’t dis-criminate. It goes to where the richest pool of data is. In the case of the few companies that are not supportive of this bill, they are the richest deposi-tories of personal data in the world. I hope they wake up and smell the roses. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I would 
like to inform my colleague, the distin-guished chairman of our Intelligence Committee, I am always thinking about the history of the committee. I believe Chairman B
URR, the ranking 
minority member Senator F EINSTEIN , 
and I have been on the Intelligence Committee almost as long as anybody in history. 
I always like to work with my col-
league. This is an area where we have a difference of opinion. I am going to try to outline what that is and still try to describe how we might be able to work it out. 
Mr. BURR. May I thank my col-
league? 
Mr. WYDEN. Of course. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank my 
colleague. I think he diplomatically re-ferred to me as old, but I know that wasn’t the case. He is exactly right. We have served together for a long time. We agree on most issues. This is one that we disagree on, but we do it in a genuine and diplomatic way. Contrary to maybe the image that some portray to the American people, we fight dur-ing the day and we can have a drink or go to dinner at night, and we are just as likely to work on a piece of legisla-tion together next week. So that is 
what this institution is and it is why it is so great. 
Mr. WYDEN. Well said. There is 
nothing better than having Carolina barbecue unless it is Oregon salmon. 
Yes, we old jocks, former football play-ers and basketball players, we have tough debates and then we go out and enjoy a meal. 
Here is how I would like to start this 
afternoon. The distinguished chairman of the committee is absolutely correct in saying that cyber security is a very substantial problem. My constituents know a lot about that because one of our prominent employers, SolarWorld, a major manufacturer in renewable en-ergy, was hacked by the Chinese sim-ply because this employer was trying to protect its rights under trade law. In fact, our government indicted the Peo-ple’s Liberation Army for their hack-ing into this major Oregon employer. So no question that cyber security is a major problem. 
Second, there is no question in my 
mind that information sharing can be very valuable in a number of instances. If we know, for example, someone is as-sociated with hackers, malware, this sort of thing, of course it is important to promote that kind of sharing. The difference of opinion is that I believe this bill is badly flawed because it doesn’t pass the test of showing that when we share information, we have to have robust privacy standards or else millions of Americans are going to look up and they are going to say that is really not cyber security. They are going to say it is a surveillance bill. So that is what the difference of opinion is. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2621, AS MODIFIED  
Let me turn to how I have been try-
ing to improve the legislation. I am going to speak for a few minutes on my amendment No. 2621 to the bill that we have been discussing and that is now pending in the Senate. Obviously, any-body who has been watching the debate on this cyber security bill has seen what we would have to call a spirited exchange of views. Senators are debat-ing the substance of the legislation and, as I just indicated to Chairman B
URR and I have indicated to ranking 
minority member Senator F EINSTEIN , 
there is agreement on a wide variety of points and issues. 
Both supporters and opponents of the 
bill agree that sharing information about cyber security threats, samples of malware, information about mali-cious hackers, and all of this makes sense and one ought to try to promote more of it. Both supporters and oppo-nents now agree that giving corpora-tions immunity from customer law-suits isn’t going to stop sophisticated attacks such as the OPM personnel records breach. 
I am very glad that there has been 
agreement on that point recently, be-cause proponents of the bill sometimes said that their legislation would stop hacks such as the one that took place at OPM. When technologists reviewed 
it, that was clearly not the case, and the claim has been withdrawn that somehow this bill would prevent hacks like we saw at OPM. 
The differences of opinion between 
supporters and opponents of the bill— who do agree on a variety of these issues—surround the likely privacy im-pact of the bill. Supporters have essen-tially argued that the benefits of this bill, perhaps, are limited—particularly now that they have withdrawn the claim that this would help against an OPM attack—but that every little bit helps. But there is no downside to them to just pass the bill. It makes sense. Pass the bill. There is no downside. 
Opponents of the bill, who grow in 
number virtually every day, have been arguing that the bill is likely to have a significant negative impact on the per-sonal privacy of a large number of Americans and that this greatly out-weighs the limited security benefits. If an information sharing bill doesn’t in-clude adequate privacy protections, I am telling you, colleagues, I think those proponents are going to have people wake up and say: I really don’t see this as a cyber security bill, but it really looks to me like a surveillance bill by another name. 
(Mr. TOOMEY assumed the Chair.) Colleagues who are following this and 
looking at the bill may be trying to sort through this discussion between proponents and opponents. To help clarify the debate, I would like to get into the text of the bill for just a minute. 
If colleagues look at page 17 of the 
Burr-Feinstein substitute amendment, which is the latest version with respect to this bill, Senators are going to see a key section of the bill. This is the sec-tion that discusses the removal of per-sonal information when data is shared with the government. The section says very clearly that in order to get immu-nity from a lawsuit a private company has to review the data they would pro-vide and remove any information the company knows is personal informa-tion unrelated to a cyber security threat. This language, in my view, clearly creates an incentive for compa-nies to dump large quantities of data over to the government with only a cursory review. As long as that com-pany isn’t certain that they are pro-viding unrelated personal information, that company gets immunity from law-suits. Some companies may choose to be more careful than that, but this leg-islation and the latest version—the Burr-Feinstein substitute amend-ment—would not require it. This bill says with respect to personal data: When in doubt, you can hand it over. 
My amendment No. 2621 is an alter-
native. It is very simple. It is less than a page long. It would amend this sec-tion that I have just described to say that when companies review the data they provide, they ought to ‘‘remove, to the extent feasible, any personal in-formation of or identifying a specific 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.042 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7388 October 21, 2015 
individual that is not necessary to de-
scribe or identify a cybersecurity threat.’’ The alternative that I am of-fering gives companies a real responsi-bility to filter out unrelated personal information before that company hands over large volumes of personal data about customers or people to the government. 
The sponsors of the bill have said 
that they believe that companies should only give the government infor-mation that is necessary for cyber se-curity and should remove unrelated personal information. I agree with them, but for reasons that I have just described, I would say respectfully that the current version of this legislation does not accomplish that goal, and that is why I believe the amendment I have offered is so important. 
For an example of how this might 
work in practice, imagine that a health insurance company finds out that mil-lions of its customers’ records have been stolen. If that company has any evidence about who the hackers were or how they stole this information, of course it makes sense to share that in-formation with the government. But that company shouldn’t simply say here you go, and hand millions of its customers’ medical records over for distribution to a broad array of govern-ment agencies. 
The records of the victims of a hack 
should not be treated the same way that information about the hacker is treated. Companies should be required to make a reasonable effort to remove personal information that is not need-ed for cyber security before they hand information over to the government. That is what my amendment seeks to achieve. That is not what is in the sub-stitute amendment. 
Furthermore, if colleagues hear the 
sponsors of the substitute saying this bill’s privacy protections are strong and you have heard me making the case that they really don’t have any meaningful teeth and they are too weak, don’t just take my word for it. Listen to all of the leading technology companies that have come out against the current version of this legislation. 
These companies know about the im-
portance of protecting both cyber secu-rity and individual privacy. The reason they know—and this is the case in Pennsylvania, Oregon, and everywhere else—is that these companies have to manage the challenge every single day. Companies in Pennsylvania and Oregon have to ensure they are protecting both cyber security and individual pri-vacy. Those companies know that cus-tomer confidence is their lifeblood and that the only way to ensure customer confidence is to convince customers that if their product is going to be used, their information will be pro-tected, both from malicious hackers and from unnecessary collections by their government. 
I would note that there is another 
reason why it is important to get the privacy protections I am offering in my amendment at this time. The compa-
nies that I just described are com-peting on a global playing field. These companies have to deal with the im-pression that U.S. laws do not ade-quately protect their customers’ infor-mation. Right now these companies— companies that are located in Pennsyl-vania and Oregon—are dealing with the 
fallout of a decision by a European court to strike down the safe harbor data agreement between the United States and the European Union. The court’s ruling was based on the argu-ment that U.S. laws in their present form do not adequately protect cus-tomer data. Now, I strongly disagree with this ruling. At the same time, I would say to my colleagues and to the Presiding Officer—he and I have worked closely on international trade as members of the Finance Com-mittee—and I would say to colleagues who are following this international trade question and the question of the European Union striking down the safe harbor for our privacy laws, in my view this bill is likely to make things even more difficult for American companies that are trying to get access to those customers in Europe. 
To give just a sampling of the leading 
companies that have come out against the CISA legislation, let me briefly call the roll. There is the Apple company. They have millions of customers. They know a great deal about what we have to do to deal with malicious hackers and to protect privacy. There is also Dropbox, Twitter, Salesforce, Yelp, Reddit, and the Wikimedia Foundation. I point to the strong statement by the Computer & Communications Industry Association. Their members include Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo, Netflix, eBay, and PayPal. Those individual companies I have mentioned have millions of customers. The organization that speaks for them says: ‘‘CISA’s prescribed mechanism for sharing of Cyber threat information does not sufficiently protect users’ pri-vacy.’’ 
On top of this, there has been wide-
spread opposition from a larger spec-trum of privacy advocacy organiza-tions. Here the groups range from the Open Technology Institute to the American Library Association. 
I was particularly struck by the 
American Library Association’s com-ments in opposition to this bill. I think the leadership said—paraphrasing— something to the effect of when the American Library Association opposes legislation that authors say will pro-mote information sharing, they indi-cate there was a little something more to it than what the sponsors are claim-ing. 
Wrapping up, I want to make clear, 
as I said yesterday, that I appreciate that the bipartisan leadership of our committee has tried to respond to these concerns. They know that these large companies with expertise in col-lecting data and promoting cyber secu-rity have all come out against the bill. I heard talk about privacy protections. 
I don’t know of a single organization that is looked to by either side of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans, for expertise and privacy that has come out in favor of the bill. 
So the sponsors of this legislation 
and the authors of the substitute amendment, which I have tried to de-scribe at length here this afternoon, are correct in saying that they have made some changes, but those changes do not go to the core of the bill. 
For example, the amendment I have 
described would really, in my view, fix this bill by ensuring that there was a significant effort to filter out unre-lated personal and private information that was sent to the government under the bill. 
So I hope Senators will listen to 
what groups and the companies that have expertise in this field have said. I hope Senators on both sides of the aisle will support the amendments I and oth-ers have offered. The Senate needs to do better than to produce a bill with minimal effects on the security of Americans and significant downside for their privacy and their liberty. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2626, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
would like to speak for 5 or 6 minutes on the cyber bill. 
Unfortunately, I am here to express 
my distaste for the manner in which this bill has proceeded. I have an amendment that is not going to be voted on. Let me describe some of the characteristics of that amendment. 
First of all, it is bipartisan. It is Sen-
ator G
RAHAM ’s and my amendment. 
Second, it has had a hearing. We have 
had a hearing on it in the Judiciary Committee. Considerable work has gone into it. 
Third, it has the support of the De-
partment of Justice. It repairs holes in our criminal law for protecting cyber security that we worked on very care-fully with the Department of Justice and which we have had testimony in support of from our Department of Jus-tice prosecutors. 
Last, it was in the queue. It was in 
the list of amendments that were agreed to when we agreed to go to the floor with this bill. 
So I don’t know how I am going to 
vote on this bill now. But if you have a bipartisan amendment that has had a hearing, that was in the queue, and that has the support of the Department of Justice and you cannot even get a vote on it, then something has gone wrong in the process. 
I remember Senator S
ESSIONS coming 
to the floor and wondering how it is that certain Senators appoint them-selves masters of the universe and go off in a quiet room someplace and de-cide that certain amendments will and will not be heard. I am very sympa-thetic to Senator S
ESSIONS ’ concerns 
right now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.044 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7389 October 21, 2015 
Let me tell you what the substance 
of our amendment would do. 
First, there are people out there 
around the world in this cyber universe of fraud and crime who are trafficking in Americans’ financial information for purposes of fraud and theft. If they don’t travel to America or if they don’t have a technical connection to Amer-ica, we cannot go after them. There is an American victim, but we cannot go after them. That is a loophole that harms Americans that this bill would close. 
I cannot believe there is one Member 
of this institution who would oppose closing a loophole that allows foreign criminals access to Americans’ finan-cial information for fraudulent pur-poses but puts them beyond the reach of our criminal law. That is one part of what our bill does. 
Second, it raises penalties for people 
who intrude on critical infrastructure. You can go all around this country, you can go to military installations that have way less security concerns than our critical infrastructure, like our electric grid, and you will see chain-link fences that say department of whatever, U.S. Government, stay out. You cannot go in there to picnic, you cannot go in there because you are curious, you cannot go in there for a hike, and the reason is because there is a national security component to what is going on in there. 
Well, there is a huge national secu-
rity component to our critical infra-structure, like our electric grid. All this would do is raise the penalties. You could still go in, but if you get caught doing something illegal there, then it is a little different if you are attacking America’s critical infra-structure than if you are just prowling around in some other portion of the Web that does not have that. 
Again, I think if that came to a vote, 
we would probably get 90 percent of this body in favor. Who is in support of allowing people to mess around in our critical infrastructure? 
The third is botnet brokers. Botnets 
are out there all over the Internet. They are a plague on the Internet. There is no such thing as a good botnet. Everyone would be better off if they were removed. They are like weeds on the Internet. There are people who are brokers who allow access to botnets, and because our laws are so out of date, if you are just brokering access to a botnet for criminal pur-poses, there is no offense. Why would we not want to empower our Depart-ment of Justice to be able to go after people who are criminal brokers allow-ing access for criminals to botnets to use for criminal purposes against Americans? I don’t understand that. 
Lastly, botnet takedowns. A botnet 
is a weed. We wait until somebody ac-tually encounters that weed and is harmed by it before we allow our De-partment of Justice to act. We should be out there taking down botnets on a hygiene basis all the time. We are lim-ited because of this artificiality. That 
is the fourth piece of the bill. It em-powers botnet takedowns like the Bugat takedown we just did. We should be doing a lot more of that. Again, un-less somebody here is in the botnet caucus and is in favor of more botnets out there, this is something which would probably pass unanimously. Yet I cannot get a vote. 
It is bipartisan, has had a hearing, is 
in the queue, is supported by the De-partment of Justice, and those are the four sub-elements of it. For some rea-son, the masters of the universe have gone off and had a meeting in which they decided this is not going to be in the queue. I object to that procedure. 
I am sorry we are at this stage at 
this point because I think that on the merits this would win. This is a bipar-tisan, good, Department of Justice-sup-ported, law enforcement exercise to protect people against cyber criminals. I don’t know what the sense is that there is some hidden pro-botnet, pro- foreign cyber criminal caucus here that won’t let an amendment like mine get a vote. 
I will yield the floor. I see Senator 
C
ARPER here, and he has done great 
work to try to be more productive than my amendment reflects. I hope we can sort this out to a point where an amendment like mine, which was in the queue in the original deal that got us to this bill, can now get back in some kind of a queue so that we can get this done. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. I appreciate the yield-
ing by Senator W
HITEHOUSE . Let me 
just say that if your provision, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , does not end up in this 
bill and we actually do pass it, I am sure we will conference with the House. There will be an opportunity to revisit this issue. So I hope you will stay in touch with those of us who might be fortunate enough to be a conferee. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I appreciate that 
very much, more than the Senator can know. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise 
today in support of the cyber security information bill introduced by my col-leagues, Senators B
URRand F EINSTEIN . 
I want to commend my colleagues and their staff for their leadership and for their tireless efforts on this extremely important piece of legislation. 
As ranking member and former 
chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I have been following cyber security and this information sharing proposal in particular literally for years. In fact, when Senator F
EINSTEIN first in-
troduced an information sharing bill in 2012—that was like two or three Congress’s ago—it was referred to Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, on which I served. That bill was ultimately folded into a com-prehensive cyber security bill that I had the honor of cosponsoring with Senators Joe Lieberman, S
USAN COL-
LINS, Jay Rockefeller, and Senator 
FEINSTEIN . We were not able to pass 
that bill, but I think it has paved the way for other cyber legislation, includ-ing the bill that is before us today and a number of the amendments that are going to be offered to that bill in the managers’ amendment, especially. 
Last Congress, I worked with our 
ranking member on homeland security, Dr. Tom Coburn, and our House coun-terparts to get not one, not two, not three, but four cyber security bills en-acted into law, signed by the President. I believe these four bills laid a very strong foundation for some significant improvements on how the Department of Homeland Security carries out its cyber security mission and really for this bill before us too. 
What the legislation Dr. Coburn and 
I worked on during the last Congress did, in essence, was to better equip the Department of Homeland Security to operate at the center of the kind of ro-bust information sharing program that the Burr-Feinstein bill would set up. How do they do that? One, make sure the Department of Homeland Security would have the ability to attract and retain top-flight talent, much like the National Security Agency already has. 
The legislation actually takes some-
thing called the cyber ops center, NCCIC, within the Department of Homeland Security and makes it real and functional and an entity that peo-ple would use and listen to. 
Finally, we took an old law called 
FISMA, the Federal Information Shar-ing Management Act—we took some-thing that was just a paperwork oper-ation, this FISMA legislation—like a once-in-a-year check to see how good a cyber security agency might be—and turned it into not a paperwork oper-ation, not a once-every-365-days oper-ation, but a 24/7 surveillance operation on the lookout for intrusions within and across the Federal Government broadly. 
That legislation, affectionally known 
as FISMA, was also designed to make clear what the division of labor was be-tween the Office of Management and Budget, OMB, and the Department of Homeland Security on protecting the dot.gov domain. We made it clear that the job of OMB is to, if you will, steer the ship. The job of the Department of Homeland Security is to row the ship, to row the boat. That is a good division of labor given that OMB only has six employees who work on this stuff and the Department of Homeland Security has hundreds. So I think we figured out the sharing of labor, the division of labor, and also made sure the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has the re-sources—the horses, the resources—and the technology they need. 
Sharing more cyber security threat 
information among and between the private sector and the Federal Govern-ment players who are on the frontline in cyber security is critical for na-tional security. Over the last couple of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.046 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7390 October 21, 2015 
years, we have witnessed many trou-
bling cyber attacks against our banks, but not just our banks, against retail-ers, health providers, government agencies, and God knows how many others. 
Some of those launching these at-
tacks were just criminals. Some of them were just criminals. They want to steal information. They want to make money off of our personal infor-mation, off our intellectual property, like our intellectual seed corn, if you will, for companies large and small and for universities as well. Others just want to be disruptive or they want to make political points. Some actors, however, are capable or would like to develop the capability to use a cyber attack to harm people and cause phys-ical damage. 
It is long past time for this body to 
take action to more effectively combat these threats we now face in cyber space. That is why earlier this year I introduced a similar information shar-ing bill. This bill largely mirrored the administration’s original proposal. 
The administration asked me to in-
troduce their information sharing bill. Before I did that, we actually had a hearing in the committee on homeland security. Part of the centerpiece of the hearing was the administration’s pro-posal. We got some good ideas on how to make it better. We made it better and introduced that bill to use, if you will, as a point-counter point in a con-structive, positive way with the legis-lation that worked its way through the Intelligence Committee. But we did not stop there. We took information from a lot of experts and stakeholders. 
The measure we are discussing today 
shares the same goals as my original bill—largely the administration’s original bill—to increase the sharing of cyber threat information between the Federal Government and the private sector and between different entities within the private sector. I am pleased that we are finally discussing these critical issues on the Senate floor. 
The substitute amendment we are de-
bating today makes a number of im-provements to the bill that was first made public after the Intelligence Committee reported it out. It also in-cludes several changes that I, as well as several of my colleagues, have been calling for—including the chairman of our committee. 
I would like to thank Senators B
URR 
and F EINSTEIN . I thank their staff for 
working closely with our staff and oth-ers to produce what I believe is a sig-nificantly smarter and stronger bill. Is it perfect? No, not yet. But I can say there is always room for improvement. That is why we still have a debate on a number of amendments and those like the one mentioned by Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE that may be germane in a dif-
ferent kind of way in conference. 
While there may not be agreement on 
everything in this bill, I believe most of our colleagues would come to the conclusion that it really will help to improve our Nation’s cyber security 
and, by extension, our national secu-rity and, by extension, our economic security. 
First, the bill would ensure that the 
government—our government—is pro-viding actionable intelligence to pri-vate sector entities that are seeking to better protect themselves in cyber space. Businesses around our country are hungry for information they can use to fend off attacks and better pro-tect their systems and their customers. This bill would make the Federal Gov-ernment a much stronger partner for them. 
Many companies that I have talked 
to of late also want to share more in-formation with the Federal Govern-ment about what they are seeing on-line every day, but they are unsure of the rules of the road. In other words, companies want more predictability and they want more certainty when it comes to working with our govern-ment. This bill would give them that by clarifying that they won’t be put-ting themselves in legal jeopardy if they choose to share cyber threat in-formation with our Federal Govern-ment. 
If companies do want to avail them-
selves of the legal protections the bill offers, they would have to, with two narrow exceptions, use the information sharing portal at the Department of Homeland Security. This puts the De-partment of Homeland Security, a ci-vilian entity, at the center of the infor-mation sharing process. I think this is smart and the right thing to do. In fact, many experts and companies that I have talked to across the country as recently as last week out in Silicone Valley and out on the west coast—they agree with what I have just said. 
I know many Americans are uneasy 
with companies they do business with directly handing over data to an intel-ligence or law enforcement agency. The Department of Homeland Security will carry out its responsibilities under this bill through the cyber ops center I mentioned earlier called the National Cyber Security and Communications Integration Center—that is a mouthful. We affectionately call it N-Kick. It is the cyber ops center. It includes folks from DHS and other Federal agencies. It includes a number of representatives of financial services, the utility indus-try, our retail industry, and so forth, all together under one roof, talking to-gether and working together to help us support one another and make it strong and more secure. 
One of the bills I worked on with Dr. 
Coburn last Congress formally, as I said earlier, authorized this center. We are pleased to see that this bill would make the most out of the resources we have already invested in this cyber ops center, NCCIC. 
Earlier this month, Secretary Jeh 
Johnson of the Department of Home-land Security told our Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee that beginning in November, the cyber ops center, NCCIC, will have 
the capability to automate the dis-tribution and receipt of cyber threat indicators. I will say that again—to 
automate the distribution and the re-ceipt of cyber threat indicators that they receive from others, including those in the private sector. In other words, the Department of Homeland Security will have the ability to share information with other agencies in real time—not next month, not next week, not tomorrow, not in an hour, but in real time, which is really what this lit-tle bill before us today requires. 
I know that the real-time sharing is 
incredibly important to the bill’s spon-sors, and it is important to me and probably to many of our colleagues and stakeholders. Equally important, how-ever, is the ability of the Department of Homeland Security to apply what I call a privacy scrub to the information it receives from industry, the threat indicators that come from industry— see something, say something—stuff that they send to the Department of Homeland Security. 
In the bill that I authored with oth-
ers in my committee, including our chairman, we allow the Department of Homeland Security to, if you will, re-ceive information through its portal from various entities that witness threat indicators, to see it and to put it through the portal, to bring it through the portal to do a privacy scrub. That is one of the things the De-partment of Homeland Security has ex-pertise in doing. 
I used an example at lunch earlier 
today. I talked about baseball. I know the Presiding Officer has some interest in baseball. There are teams called the Phillies in Philadelphia and the Pi-rates in Pittsburgh. I would just say to him, thinking about baseball for a minute, let’s say you are in the play-offs. Let’s say you have a team in the playoffs. You are in the ninth inning, and you need to get somebody out of the bullpen to close. You have a one- run lead. You look to the bullpen. He is now retired, but Mariano Rivera was the best closer in baseball history. You have Mariano Rivera in the bullpen to come in and close the game, and you have three other guys you just called up from the Minor League, so maybe from AAA. 
You say: Well, whom do I put in to 
close the game? Do I put in the best closer we have ever had in baseball his-tory or do I bring in three rookies, three Minor League guys? 
Well, you bring in Mariano Rivera. When it comes to being able to do 
privacy scrubs, the Department of Homeland Security—that is what they do. That is what they do. Now they have the horses, the ability, and the technology to do it even better. 
I know some of my colleagues are 
concerned that a privacy scrub will slow down the information sharing process. I share those concerns, but I have been assured by the Department— the bright, smart people at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security—that less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.047 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7391 October 21, 2015 
than 1 percent of the information it re-
ceives would actually ever need to be reviewed by a human, by a person. The rest—roughly 95 percent to 99 percent— would be shared with other agencies at machine speed. Bingo. 
I am very pleased that DHS has come 
to an agreement on this process with its agency partners. We will be up and running with a portal in the way I have described in the next couple weeks. 
One of the amendments I filed speaks 
to this privacy scrub process. It would make clear that the Department of Homeland Security could carry out an automated privacy scrub in real time and without delay. In fact, my amend-ment would add just one word to the bill so that DHS could continue to automatically remove irrelevant or er-roneous data from cyber threat infor-mation. 
I am very pleased that Senators 
B
URR and F EINSTEIN have taken this 
amendment into consideration and have now modified their substitute amendment to make sure the Depart-ment of Homeland Security can do what it does best, and that is to apply a privacy scrub—pulling out personally identifiable information that actually shouldn’t be passed on to other Federal agencies. The substitute amendment now calls on DHS to work with its agency partners to agree on a process to share information while protecting privacy. This is a process DHS is al-ready undertaking. 
I thank Senators B
URR and F EIN-
STEIN , as well as our friends at the De-
partment of Homeland Security and other agencies, for working so hard to find agreement on this language and for working with my staff and me on this important matter. 
Another amendment I put forward 
with our committee chairman, Senator J
OHNSON , aims to improve what we call 
cyber hygiene across the Federal Gov-ernment and to prevent attacks against Federal agencies. This lan-guage is based on a bill that Senator J
OHNSON and I introduced and had re-
ported out of our homeland security committee by a unanimous vote. The amendment does three main things. 
First, it would require all Federal 
agencies to implement specific best practices and state-of-the-art tech-nologies to defend against cyber at-tacks. For example, we had experts tes-tify about the importance of strong au-thentication and data encryption. This amendment would make sure that agencies are taking these common-sense steps to bolster their cyber secu-rity defenses. 
Second, the amendment would accel-
erate the deployment and adoption of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s cyber intrusion and detection program, known as EINSTEIN, as in Albert Einstein, but you don’t have the ‘‘Albert’’ in the name of this tech-nology; it is called EINSTEIN. 
For my colleagues who may not be 
familiar with EINSTEIN, with respect to homeland security and cyber secu-rity, let me take a couple of minutes to 
describe its main features. 
We had EINSTEIN 1 present at the 
beginning, EINSTEIN 2 was follow-on technology, and then there is EIN-STEIN 3. EINSTEIN basically analyzes Internet traffic entering and leaving Federal civilian agencies to identify cyber threats and to try to stop at-tacks. 
This system has been rolled out in 
phases over the last several years. EIN-STEIN 1 is the first step. It sees and actually records Internet traffic, much like a guard at a checkpoint watches cars go by and maybe writes down and records the license plates. EINSTEIN 2 detects anything out of the ordinary and sets off alarms if a piece of malware is trying to enter a Federal 
network. For example, a car comes through and it is not supposed to come through. That would set off an alarm and enable EINSTEIN 2 to actually de-tect a cyber intrusion. It doesn’t do anything about blocking. It doesn’t block the car, in this example. It doesn’t block anything. EINSTEIN 3A, the latest version, uses unclassified and classified information to actually block the cyber attack. 
So initially EINSTEIN 1 records basi-
cally what is being detected, EIN-STEIN 2 actually detects bad stuff coming through in terms of an intru-sion, and EINSTEIN 3A blocks it. The problem is that less than half of our Federal civilian agencies actually have EINSTEIN 3A in place. They have the ability to record an intrusion, the abil-ity to detect an intrusion, but not the ability to block an intrusion. They need the ability to block. What our leg-islation would do would be to make sure that agencies have EINSTEIN in place, including the ability to block in-trusions, within 1 year. 
Finally, our amendment incorporates 
the language originally drafted by Sen-ator S
USAN COLLINS , the former chair 
of the homeland security committee and a great colleague of ours for many years, Senator M
ARKWARNER , Senator 
KELLY AYOTTE , Senator C LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL, Senator D ANCOATS , and Senator 
BARBARA MIKULSKI . They are all co-
sponsors of the amendment Senator C
OLLINS offered. These provisions 
would strengthen the ability of the De-partment of Homeland Security to shore up cyber defenses at civilian agencies and to address cyber emer-gencies across the Federal Govern-ment. 
Again, I am incredibly grateful that 
Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator B URR 
agreed to include our language in the substitute amendment language that worked its way through our com-mittee. We had hearings and had the opportunity to mark up the legislation. It worked the way it is supposed to work. And I think that without excep-tion it had bipartisan support coming through our committee. It is the per-fect complement to the information sharing bill we are discussing this week. I think it makes a good bill that much better. I thank the Senators for working 
with me and Senator J
OHNSON on it. 
Just one more thing before I close. I 
know the Presiding Officer thinks a lot about root causes, and rather than just address the symptoms of a problem, let’s think about what is the root cause of the problem. The Senator who is waiting to follow me on the floor, the former Governor of Maine, thinks simi-larly. I do too. It is not enough to just address the symptoms of these prob-
lems. A part of what we need to be thinking about is, How do we get to the root cause? 
Until fairly recently, a lot of our fi-
nancial services institutions in this country were under constant attack by somebody who was trying to overload their Web sites and essentially trying to shut them down. It is sort of like when we were first standing up the Af-fordable Care Act, they had so much traffic on their Web site that it would kind of break down. 
There are so many cyber threats 
from around the world. We think Iran is behind it. They are trying to do that, to bring down our financial services business—and sometimes with some success. 
About a year ago, when we got very 
serious about negotiating with the Ira-nians and our partners—the French, the Brits, the Germans, the Russians, and the Chinese—some kind of an agreement where the Iranians would give up any hope they had of having a nuclear weapon and the terms for our lifting our economic sanctions—when it became clear that those were serious negotiations, that something might ac-tually happen from those negotiations, guess what happened to those attacks. We call them DDoS. What do you sup-pose happened? Well, guess what, they started letting up little by little until the time we actually voted here to let that agreement be enacted and hope-fully be administered and imple-mented. That was a root cause being addressed. 
Another root cause we had over in 
China—for years the Chinese have sought to use cyber attacks to get into our most successful businesses, some of our research and development oper-ations in those businesses, and work being done within Federal agencies on research and development—actually, the intellectual seed corn for creating jobs and opportunity in this country. The cyber attacks were—we believe it was China trying to steal information from our universities. They were doing a lot of research that could lead to eco-nomic activity and job creation. We didn’t like it. We don’t do that. We don’t do that to them, and we don’t want them to do that to us. We com-plained about it and complained about it and called out some of the folks whom we thought were behind this in China. 
President Xi visited us in this city 
about 3 week ago. He and our President had some tough, direct, and probably not entirely comfortable conversa-tions. One of them dealt with this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.049 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7392 October 21, 2015 
issue, what we believe is the intrusion 
by Chinese actors in order to steal our intellectual seed corn, in order to maybe have a short step, a shortcut to economic development, economic ac-tivity. They would not have to spend the money, the time, and the energy to do all the research that would lead to this innovation and job-creation activ-ity. The agreement that came out of that was the Chinese and our country have agreed that neither side will knowingly steal this kind of informa-tion from the other. ‘‘Knowingly’’ is a very broad term, and so we have to make sure that ‘‘knowingly’’ actually means something. Secretary Jeh John-
son, the head of the Homeland Security Department, and Attorney General Lo-retta Lynch have been assigned to build on this initial agreement and see what we can make of it. 
I will close with this. A lot of people 
in our country don’t understand what all this cyber security stuff is—intru-sion, EINSTEIN, and all the items we are talking about that are in the legis-lation which is before us this week. They do know this: It is not good when people can steal the kind of informa-tion that needs to be protected. Wheth-er it is part of the government domain, military or intelligence secrets; wheth-er it is economic secrets or develop-ments that lead to economic gain; whether it is personally identifiable in-formation that can be used for black-mail purposes or to monetize and to somehow make money off of that infor-mation, we know it is not good. There is no one silver bullet to actually stop this kind of activity, but there are a lot of silver BBs, and some of them are pretty big. 
The legislation that is before us 
today, bolstered by similar legislation that has come out of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, is a pretty good-sized BB. They are not going to enable us to win this war by themselves, but they will en-able us to make real progress. It will make us feel a good bit more secure than we have, knowing that this is an enemy across the globe and that a number of enemies wish us harm. They are not going to give up. There is a lot of money involved. They will be back at us, and we have to bring our ‘‘A’’ game to work every day in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and other Federal agencies working in tandem with the private sector. 
Hopefully, with this information, the 
folks in the private sector—if they want to get the liability protection and share information with the Federal Government, we want them to use the portal through the Department of Homeland Security. The Department of Homeland Security, to the extent that privacy scrub is needed—it does not happen often. It happens less than 1 percent of the time with the informa-tion that comes through the portal. The legislation before us, with the amendments that are offered, will en-able us to have that kind of security about our private information and at 
the same time to do a very good job— a much better job—in protecting what is valuable to us. 
Mr. President, I think that is about 
it for me. I appreciate very much the opportunity to speak. I appreciate the patience of Senator K
ING, and I will 
yield the floor to him. 
I will just say in closing—no, Senator 
BLUNT , I will yield to you next. It is 
good to be with both of you. I look for-ward to working with you on these and, with respect to the Senator gentleman from Missouri, very closely on related matters. 
Thank you so very much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Delaware. He and I have worked on legislation together to protect data security, to have one standard for notifying people whose in-formation has been accessed by people who shouldn’t have it, and we are going to continue to work on that and look for opportunities, whether it is this bill or some other bill, to add that impor-tant element to what we are doing here. 
I come to the floor today, as I am 
sure many others have, to express sup-port for this bill—for the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—a bill that gives us tools we don’t currently have, and to break down barriers that we do currently have. This is a bill that would allow individuals who see the in-formation they are responsible for being attacked to call others in their same business and say: Here is what is happening to us right now. If you are not seeing it already, you should be looking for it. When they do that, it doesn’t violate any competitive shar-ing of information. What it does is bring everybody into the loop of de-fense as quickly as possible and allow them to look for help from the govern-ment as well. 
So I express support for this bill. We 
know that day after day Americans who read, watch, or listen to the news learn of another cyber attack. Some in-volve attacks of government systems, while others involve the private sector. 
In 2012 and 2013, hacker groups linked 
to Iran targeted American bank Web sites and sustained an attack on those Web sites in a way that was designed to disrupt people trying to do business— trying to pay their own personal bills, trying to do things people should ex-pect to be able to easily do. 
Early in 2014, we learned that cyber 
criminals had stolen 40 million credit card numbers from a major retailer and had probably compromised an addi-tional 70 million accounts. We also have learned that a lot of times when we hear about these, they seem bad enough at first, but they seem a whole lot worse later when we find out what really happened, when we see how deep these criminals were able to go, how deep these terrorists were able to go, how deep these government-sponsored entities were able to go to get at infor-
mation they shouldn’t have. 
In September of that same year, Sep-
tember 2014, we learned another major retailer had suffered a data breach. In that case there were 56 million credit card holders. 
In February of this year, we learned 
a health insurance provider’s system had been hacked, and 80 million cus-tomers were affected. This was a data breach that particularly impacted my State—particularly impacted Missou-rians—and we saw a huge change in the IRS fraud that occurred this year be-cause, we believe at least, because criminals suddenly had all this sen-sitive personally identifiable informa-tion they had stolen. Suddenly some-body besides you was filing your tax re-turn. Only later did the people who really had the income tax return to file find out that somebody had filed it for them. 
In June of this year—maybe the most 
surprising to all of us who have heard over and over again that the private sector is struggling, we suddenly found out the U.S. Office of Personnel Man-agement increased a previous estimate of how many people were affected by its own data breach. The files of Fed-eral employees and people related to those files was revised upward to 21.5 million people. Then we found out that also included roughly 5.5 million sets of fingerprints. 
I am not exactly sure what you could 
do with somebody’s fingerprints on the Internet today. I can only imagine what you might be able to figure out to do with those fingerprints. Remember, your fingerprints don’t change, and probably the government entity re-sponsible for that hacking that has those fingerprints is always going to have those fingerprints as they think of new and malicious ways to use them. So we are talking about well over 100 million Americans who already have their personal information in the hands of people it shouldn’t be in. 
The challenge before us is as clear as 
it is urgent. Virtually every aspect of our society and our economy rely on information technology. It has enabled tremendous economic growth, it has enabled tremendous efficiencies in every sector, but it has put all kinds of information out there in ways that, looking back, we are going to wonder why we made that information so available in so many places and left so unprotected. 
Federal, State, and local govern-
ments rely on that information tech-nology as well. As the technology ad-vances, its widespread adoption has also opened us to new dangers. Modern cyber security threats are sophisti-cated, they are massive, and they are persistent. This doesn’t just happen every day, it happens all the time every day. 
The culprits of these attacks and in-
trusions range in terms of their mo-tives and their abilities. We just heard of a teenager who figured out how to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.051 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7393 October 21, 2015 
get into the personal account of the 
CIA director—at least that is the pub-lic media report—and the homeland se-curity director. This is not a particu-larly sophisticated individual, but ob-viously a pretty capable person who gets to two individuals that one would think would be the most cautious. 
Some of these people are bent on 
sheer vandalism—just the thrill of cyber vandalism—while others are de-termined to steal intellectual prop-erties from American companies. The motive there is clear. It is easier to steal intellectual property than it is to go through the hard work of creating it. Suddenly that information is out there, and the people who created it have been robbed. 
I hear this all the time when I visit 
companies in my State. We have seen cyber intrusions used for espionage. We have seen one major company attacked for no reason other than to embarrass the company because a foreign govern-ment didn’t like something the com-pany had done. It is quite a way to have a movie review, that we are just going to destroy as much of your tech-nology as we can by a cyber invasion. 
A great many more of these people 
are motivated by greed—pilfering other people’s identities, getting access to other people’s account information, and selling that information on the black-market. This becomes a real op-portunity for them. The more you re-move it from the person who initially got it, the harder it is to find out who initially got it and what they did with it. 
Underneath all this is the implica-
tion of more serious attacks that can cause physical harm and can cause mass disruption of critical infrastruc-ture of the country that is very de-pendent on cyber security. This really begs the question: What are we doing to protect our country and our citizens from these cyber adversaries? I have been in Senate for 5 years. I have had the great opportunity to represent the people of Missouri here for 5 years. And during every one of those 5 years, we have been talking about how important it is that we do something about cyber security. This is the only approach I have seen in those 5 years that has bi-partisan support. It has a bicameral consensus. This is something that can happen. 
This is a problem that it is time to 
stop talking about. Do we want some other government to have everybody’s fingerprints before we do something about it? This is the time to do some-thing about it. As a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intel-ligence, I am certainly here to support the chairman of that committee and the vice chairman of that committee to finally pass this bill, a bill to en-hance the public-private partnerships that can provide the kind of cyber de-fense we need. 
We need to do that and we need to 
encourage lots of sharing. We need to encourage sharing of attacks. We need to encourage early on, as I said, the 
ability to call somebody else in your same business and to contact them and say: This is happening right now. That is the best time to say it. The other op-tion is to say: This happened to us late last night or happened yesterday, but this is happening to us. Is it happening to you? 
There is lots of misunderstanding 
about this concept. Without getting too technical, cyber threats are the malicious codes and algorithms used to infect computer systems and attack networks. They are techniques that use bits and bytes. They are the ones and zeros of the digital age that allow hackers to intrude upon private sys-tems, steal information, perpetrate fraud, or disrupt activities over the Internet. 
In very dangerous circumstances, 
these techniques can be used to re-motely control critical infrastructure management systems, such as super-visory control and data acquisition systems. I saw something on the news the other day where some hackers, for no intent other than maybe just to see if they could do it, had figured out how to take over one of the cars that was driving itself. Suddenly the car wasn’t driving itself; the hacker was driving the car. 
When a particular company finds 
itself subjected to some novel new ap-proach, the quicker they can share that, the better. When the government discovers a new method being used to infiltrate information technology sys-tems abroad or here, they need to be able to share that with American com-panies quickly so they can protect themselves. There are things the pri-vate sector sees that the government does not, and there are things the gov-ernment sees that the private sector does not. This legislation gives the ob-ligation and opportunity to both of them to join together in this important fight. Modern communications net-works move at an incredibly rapid pace. We need to be fighting back at that same kind of rapid pace. 
This bill establishes a strictly vol-
untary program. Unlike some of the other programs we have talked about to secure ourselves in a post-9/11 world, this is a strictly voluntary program that leverages American ingenuity to unleash the arsenal of democracy against cyber adversaries. 
When it comes to the cyber threat, 
we have to act for a common purpose. Throughout this debate there has been a great deal of discussion about the need to protect liberty in the informa-tion age. I truly think liberty and secu-rity are not at odds with one another in this legislation. When it comes to this bill, it comes the closest to having the balance we all would like to see. It takes into consideration the impor-tance of liberty, but it also takes into consideration what happens as we pro-tect our security. 
I would close by saying of all the at-
tacks we have had, and as bad as they have been, none of them have been the 
sort of catastrophic infrastructure at-tack that we may see that would im-pact the grid, that impacts our ability to communicate, impacts our ability to make the water system work, or im-pacts our ability to make the electrical system work. If that happens, the Con-gress will not only act, the Congress will overreact. 
This is the right time to have this de-
bate. Let’s put this legislation on the books right now. Let’s give the people a law that makes sense at a time when we have the time to debate it, instead of waiting to see the direction we will turn to when we should have debated this and moved in this direction right now. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bipartisan bill that I think will wind up on the President’s desk and be-come law. 
Mr. President, I yield to my patient 
friend from Maine, who has been wait-ing. He and I serve on the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence together, and I look forward to his comments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the United 
States is under attack. We are under attack—not a week ago, a month ago, September 11 or yesterday, but right at this moment. We are under attack from state actors, from terrorist nonstate actors, and from garden-vari-ety criminals. This cyber issue is one of the most serious that we face. 
When I first got here, I was appointed 
to the Armed Services and Intelligence Committees. On those two committees over the past 3 years, at least half of our hearings have touched upon this issue and the threat that it presents to this country. The leaders of our intel-ligence community and our military community, in open session and in closed session, have sounded the alarm over and over and over. The most dra-matic—I don’t remember what the hearing was—was when one of our wit-nesses said: ‘‘The next Pearl Harbor will be cyber.’’ 
As the Senator from Missouri just 
pointed out, we are fortunate that we have had a number of warning shots but none have been devastating. But we have had warning shots—at Sony, at Target, at Anthem, at the Office of Personnel Management of the U.S. Government, and at the home email of the Director of the CIA. We have had large and small intrusions and cyber attacks that have been more than an-noying, but, so far, they haven’t been catastrophic. That is just a matter of time. That is why we have to move this bill. 
This bill isn’t a comprehensive an-
swer to this question, but it is at least a piece of it. It is a beginning. We are going to have to talk about other as-pects of our cyber strategy, but at least we can pass this bill, which came 
out of the committee 14 to 1. It is bi-partisan, and it has support in the House. Let’s do something. 
I do not want to go home to Maine 
and try to explain to my constituents, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.052 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7394 October 21, 2015 
when the natural gas system or the 
electric system is brought down, that we couldn’t quite get around to it be-cause of the difference of committee jurisdictions or because we had other priorities or because we were tied up on the budget. This is a priority. It is something we should be doing imme-diately, and I am delighted that we have moved to it. 
Now, as I have sat in the Intelligence 
Committee every Tuesday and Thurs-day afternoon for the past 3 years, it occurred to me several months into those debates and the discussions of this and other issues that really we in the Intelligence Committee and also we in this body really are working with and weighing and balancing two con-stitutional provisions. 
The first is the preamble of the Con-
stitution. The most basic responsi-bility of any government, anywhere, anytime, is to provide for the common defense. That is why governments are formed, to provide the security, and also to insure domestic tranquility. Those two together are the basic func-tions of why we are here—to protect our people from harm. And that is clearly what this bill is talking about. 
But the other constitutional provi-
sion in the picture that we also have to weigh is the Fourth Amendment: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and sei-zures, shall not be violated. . . . ’’ That is a fundamental premise of who we are as a people. 
These two provisions of the Constitu-
tion are intentioned—neither one dominates, neither one controls the other—and it is our job in this body to continuously weigh and calibrate these two provisions and their balance in light of threats and evolving tech-nologies. 
When the Fourth Amendment was 
written, nobody had ever heard of tele-phones. They certainly had never heard of the Internet. They never thought about any of these things. But they said: The rights ‘‘shall not be vio-lated.’’ It is interesting—‘‘unreason-able searches and seizures.’’ They didn’t know the threats we would be facing when they said it was a funda-mental premise of the U.S. Constitu-tion that we should protect against both foreign and domestic enemies. That is what we have to do, and that is what this bill does. 
This bill is very carefully worked up, 
with a lot of discussion and negotia-tion, to be effective in protecting the public, while, at the same time, to be effective in protecting the public’s pri-vacy rights in respecting these two principles. We have had warning after warning after warning, and now it is time for us to act. 
The good news about the United 
States is that we are the most wired nation in the world. Technology has been a huge boon to our economy and to our people, and we are way ahead of a lot of the rest of the world in our interrelationship with technology and 
how we have used it to enhance our lives. That is the good news. The bad news is that we are the most wired country in the world, because that means we are the most vulnerable— asymmetric vulnerability. We are more vulnerable because we are more con-nected. That means we have to take great care in this country to be sure that we don’t allow that vulnerability to result in a catastrophic loss for our people. 
Not only are we talking about na-
tional security issues, but we are talk-ing about individual people’s lives. If the electric grid went down, people’s lives would and could be lost—in hos-pitals, at traffic intersections, across 
the country. If the natural gas sys-tem—the vast pipeline system that links our country in terms of energy— somehow went awry because of a cyber intrusion into the operating system, that would have devastating con-sequences for human lives and also, of course, for the economy of our country. Somebody could get into the routing system of a railroad, and a train car-rying hazardous material would be caused to derail. These are the kinds of things that can happen and will likely happen unless we take steps to protect ourselves. 
Some of these attacks and intrusions 
are sponsored by nation-states. We know that. Some of them are sponsored by just garden-variety criminals who are trying to steal our money. Or some of them are large international crimi-nal organizations that are trying to steal our commercial intelligence and how we build our products and how we compete. Some of them are terrorist organizations that see this as a cheap way to attack America. Why go to all the trouble to build a bomb and smug-gle it into the country and all the risk that entails, when you can disrupt the country in just as great a way with a few strokes on a laptop? 
It is economic security, national se-
curity, economics. It has been esti-mated worldwide that cyber crime costs our country $445 billion a year. That is to the global economy—a half trillion dollars a year. Some 200,000 jobs in the United States could be and are being affected, and 800 million per-sonnel records were stolen, and 40 mil-lion were Americans. 
The cost of cyber crime is estimated 
to be between 15 and 20 percent of the value created by the Internet. We al-ways talk that we don’t want any taxes on the Internet. This is a tax. This is a tax we are all paying. The users of the Internet are paying to ward off this epidemic of cyber crime. 
It is not only the government. Of 
course, it is companies, such as Sony, Target, Anthem, the industrial base, JP Morgan, Home Depot. The list goes on and on. Most importantly, it is not just the big guys. Sometimes we feel that OK, this is the large banks, the large insurance companies that have to worry about this. In the State of Maine, we have to worry about it. My staff and I in Maine have reached 
out to businesses large and small across the State. Every single one, with one exception, listed cyber intru-sion as one of their greatest issues. 
The Maine Credit Union League, with 
$2.5 million a year, and local credit unions are having to deal with cyber intrusion. 
One of our Maine health care pro-
viders has experienced thousands of at-tempts to steal confidential data every year. Keeping the data safe is costing them more than $1 million. This is costing us real money. 
At one of our Maine financial institu-
tions, 60 to 70 percent of the emails they get in the bank are phishing emails trying to compromise their se-cured data. 
One of our utilities spent over $1 mil-
lion a year just on preventative costs to defend against cyber crime. This is in a State of 1.3 million people. This is real. This is real in our State. 
I had a forum over the August break 
with businesses throughout Maine— mostly small businesses and homeland security. We had 100 businesses come just to visit and sit for a day to talk about this issue. These were small businesses, and all of them were seeing 
these kinds of problems. 
One was a small business with 35 em-
ployees that did a deal overseas, and a cyber criminal in effect stole their pay-ment. They sent a fake invoice to the customer overseas, the customer paid it, and the money went to the crook, not to my company in Maine. That is the kind of thing that is happening, and that is one of the reasons we have to take action today. 
No business is immune. No individual 
is immune. And, of course, this country is not immune. 
The price of inaction is just too high. 
This is something we must attend to. As I mentioned, this bill is not the whole answer, but it is a part of the an-swer. 
Some people say: Well, it is not broad 
enough. My answer is this: OK, I under-stand that, but let’s do what we can do and then take it one step at a time. 
Some people say it compromises pri-
vacy. I don’t believe that it does. Ex-traordinary measures were imported into this bill in order to protect the privacy of individuals. This is not about individual data. This is about a company voluntarily telling the gov-ernment and perhaps some other com-panies: Here is what I am seeing as an attack. How can we collectively defend ourselves against it? 
That is what this bill is really all 
about. We have to take action, and now is the time. 
I thank the chair and the vice chair 
of the Intelligence Committee, the members of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, the members of the Judiciary Committee, and all of those who have contributed to the finalization of this important piece of legislation. 
There is an attitude out there that 
we can’t get anything done around 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.054 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7395 October 21, 2015 
here. I think this gives us an oppor-
tunity to prove that idea wrong. We can get things done. We should get things done. This is a chance for us to protect our people, to provide for the common defense—which is our most solemn constitutional responsibility— in a way that also protects the inter-ests of the Fourth Amendment and in-dividual privacy rights. 
I hope we can move swiftly, complete 
the consideration of this bill this week, work out our differences with the House, and get this matter to the President. We have no place to hide if we don’t get this done. This is what we are here for. 
Again, I thank my colleagues who 
worked so hard to bring us to this point. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, before 
the Senator leaves the floor, I wish to thank him on a well-planned, well- thought-out, and very convincing pres-entation, and an argument that, frank-ly, I can add very little to. So I will make my remarks very brief. 
I thank the Senator from Maine for 
highlighting the absolute importance of the passage of this legislation. And, I might add, he is one of the most seri-ous and hard-working members of the Senate Armed Services Committee as well. I won’t go any further. 
Mr. President, I rise in strong sup-
port of S. 754. I thank my colleagues, Chairman B
URR and Vice Chairman 
FEINSTEIN , for their ongoing leader-
ship. 
In the short 2 months since this bill 
was last on the Senate floor, the need for action on information sharing has only increased. It is not for a lack of trying. We have continuously failed to make progress on this bill. As the Sen-ator from Maine just made clear, that must change. Enacting legislation to confront the accumulating dangers of cyber threats must be among the high-est national security priorities of the Congress. 
The need for congressional action, in 
my view, is also enhanced by the ad-ministration’s inability to develop the policies and framework necessary to deter our adversaries in cyberspace. 
Earlier this week we learned just how 
ineffective the administration has been in addressing our cyber challenges. Within days of reaching an agreement to curb the stealing of information for economic gain, China—China—repeat-edly, reportedly, continues its well-co-ordinated efforts to steal designs of our critical weapons systems and to wage economic espionage against U.S. com-panies. It is not a surprise, but it serves as yet another sad chapter in this administration’s inability to ad-dress the cyber threats. 
I guess in the last couple of days it 
has been made known that some hack-er hacked into the information of both the Director of the CIA and the chair-man of the homeland security com-mittee. That is interesting. As the 
President’s failed China agreement clearly demonstrates, our response to cyber attacks has been tepid at best and nonexistent at worst. Unless and until the President uses the authority he has to defer, deter, defend, and re-spond to the growing number in sever-ity of cyber threats, we will risk not just more of the same but embolden ad-versaries in terrorist organizations that will continuously pursue more se-vere and destructive attacks. 
Addressing our cyber vulnerabilities 
must be a national security priority. Just this week, Admiral Rogers, the head of Cyber Command, reiterated, ‘‘It’s only a matter of time before someone uses cyber as a tool to do damage to critical infrastructure.’’ 
My colleagues don’t have to agree 
with the Senator from Maine or me or anybody else, but shouldn’t we listen to Admiral Rogers, the head of Cyber Command, probably the most knowl-edgeable person or one of the most knowledgeable who said, ‘‘It is only a matter of time before someone uses cyber as a tool to do damage to critical infrastructure.’’ 
According to the recently retired 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, our military enjoys ‘‘a significant military advan-tage’’ in every domain except for one— cyber space. As General Dempsey said, cyber ‘‘is a level playing field. And that makes this chairman very uncomfort-able.’’ 
I will tell you, it makes this chair-
man very uncomfortable as well. 
Efforts are under way to begin ad-
dressing some of our strategic short-falls in cyber space, including the training of a 6,200-person cyber force. However, these efforts will be meaning-less unless we make the tough policy decisions to establish meaningful cyber deterrence. The President must take steps now to demonstrate to our adver-saries that the United States takes cyber attacks seriously and is prepared to respond. 
This legislation is one piece of that 
overall deterrence strategy, and it is long past time that Congress move for-ward on information sharing legisla-tion. We have been debating similar cyber legislation since at least 2012. I am glad this body has come a long way since that time in recognizing that government mandates on the private sector, which operates the majority of our country’s critical infrastructure, will do more harm than good in cyber space. The voluntary framework in this legislation properly defines the role of the private sector and the role of the government in sharing threat informa-tion, defending networks, and deterring cyber attacks. 
At the same time, it is unfortunate 
that it has taken over 3 years to ad-vance this commonsense legislation. The threats we face in cyber space are real and imminent, as well as quickly evolving. All aspects of the Federal Government, including this body, must commit to more quickly identifying, 
enacting, and executing solutions to counter cyber threats. If we do not, we will lose in cyber space. 
As chairman of the Armed Services 
Committee, I consider cyber security one of the committee’s top priorities. That is why the National Defense Au-thorization Act provides a number of critical authorities to ensure that the Department of Defense can develop the capabilities it needs to deter aggres-sion, defend our national security in-terests, and when called upon, defeat our adversaries in cyber space. I find it unacceptable that the President has signaled his intent to veto this legisla-tion that, among other key Depart-ment of Defense priorities, authorizes military cyber operations and dramati-cally reforms the broken acquisition system that has inhibited the develop-ment and delivery of key cyber capa-bilities. 
More specifically, the National De-
fense Authorization Act extends liabil-ity protections to Department of De-fense contractors who report on cyber incidents or penetrations, and it au-thorizes the Secretary of Defense to de-velop, prepare, coordinate and, when authorized by the President, conduct a military cyber operation in response to malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a U.S. per-son by a foreign power. The NDAA au-thorizes $200 million for the Secretary of Defense to assess the cyber vulnera-bilities of every major DOD weapons system. Finally, Congress required the President to submit an integrated pol-icy to deter adversaries in cyber space in the fiscal year 2014 National Defense Authorization Act. I tell my colleagues that we are still waiting on that pol-icy. This year’s NDAA includes funding restrictions that will remain in place until it is delivered. 
As we dither, our Nation grows more 
vulnerable, our privacy and security are at greater risk, and our adversaries are further emboldened. The stakes are high, and it is essential that we pass the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act without further delay. 
Let me also mention in closing that 
probably the most disturbing comment I have heard in a long time on this issue in this challenge is when Admiral Rogers said that our biggest challenge is we don’t know what we don’t know. We don’t know what the penetrations have been, what the attacks have been, whether they have succeeded or not, where they are in this whole realm of cyber and information at all levels. When the person we placed in charge of cyber security says we don’t know what we don’t know, my friends, that is a very serious situation. 
I want to congratulate again both 
the managers of the bill in their co-
ordination and their cooperation in this bipartisan effort. 
I yield the floor. Mr. KING. Will the Senator yield for 
a question? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I will be pleased to 
yield. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.055 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7396 October 21, 2015 
Mr. KING. I ask the Senator, would 
you agree that this bill represents an important part of our cyber defense but that in order to deter attacks in the long term, we must have a cyber policy that goes beyond simple defensive measures? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I would certainly agree, 
I would say to my friend from Maine, because if the adversaries that want to commit cyber attacks against the United States of America and our allies believe that there is no price to pay for those attacks, then where is the demotivating factor in all of this which would, if they failed, then keep them from doing what they are doing? It seems to me that this is an act of war, and I don’t use that term lightly but I am trying to use it carefully. If you damage intentionally another nation’s military or its economy or its ability to function as a government—I would ask my friend from Maine—wouldn’t that fit into at least a narrow interpre-tation of an act of war? If so, then should we only have defenses? Have we ever been in a conflict where we only have defenses and not the capability to go out and deter further aggression? 
Mr. KING. I would suggest to the 
Senator that if you are in a fight and all you can do is defend and never punch, you are going to eventually lose that fight. I think this is an important area. The theory of deterrence, as dis-tasteful as it might have been, the mu-tually assured destruction during the nuclear era did in fact prevent the use of nuclear arms for some 70 years. I think we need to be thinking about a deterrence that goes beyond simply de-fensive measures. I commend the chair-man for raising this issue and appre-ciate your thoughtful consideration. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it seems 
as though every week, the American people learn of yet another data breach in which Americans’ sensitive, private information has been stolen by cyber criminals or foreign governments. This is a critical national security problem that deserves action by Congress. But our actions must be thoughtful and re-sponsible, and we must recognize that strengthening our Nation’s cyber secu-rity is a complex endeavor with no sin-gle solution. 
According to security researchers 
and technologists, the most effective action Congress can take to improve our cyber security is to require better and more comprehensive data security practices. That is why earlier this year, I introduced the Consumer Pri-vacy Protection Act. That bill requires companies to utilize strong data secu-rity measures to protect our personal information and to help prevent breaches in the first place. Companies that benefit financially from gathering and analyzing our personal information should be obligated to take meaningful steps to keep it safe. 
But rather than taking a comprehen-
sive approach that addresses the mul-tiple facets of cyber security, the Re-publican majority appears to be fo-
cused entirely on passing the Senate Intelligence Committee’s cyber secu-rity information sharing bill. While legislation to promote the sharing of cyber threat information could, if done right, be useful in improving our cyber security, it is a serious mistake to be-lieve that information sharing alone is 
the solution. Information sharing alone would not, for example, have prevented the breach at the Office of Personnel Management, nor would it have pre-vented other major breaches, such as those at Target, Home Depot, Anthem, or Sony. 
Instead of ensuring that companies 
better safeguard Americans’ data, this bill goes in the opposite direction, giv-ing large corporations more liability protection and even more leeway on how to use and share our personal in-formation with the government—with-out adequate privacy protections. 
Also troubling is the fact that the 
Republican majority has been intent on jamming this bill through the Sen-ate without any regard for regular process or opportunity for meaningful public debate. Only last year, the Re-publican leader declared his commit-ment to ‘‘a more robust committee process’’ and plainly stated that ‘‘bills should go through committee.’’ But the bill was drafted behind closed doors by the Senate Intelligence Committee, and it has not been the subject of any open hearings or any meaningful public debate. The text of the bill was only made public after it was reported to the Senate floor, and no other com-mittee of jurisdiction—including the Judiciary Committee—was allowed to consider and improve the bill. 
The Judiciary Committee was pre-
vented from considering this bill even though it contains numerous provi-sions that affect matters squarely within our jurisdiction. First and fore-most, the bill creates a framework of information sharing that could se-verely undermine Americans’ privacy. The bill also overrides all existing law to provide broad liability protections for any company that shares informa-tion with the government. It also over-rides important privacy laws such as the Electronic Communications Pri-vacy Act, ECPA, and the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act, FISA, over which the Judiciary Committee has long exercised jurisdiction. CISA even amends the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, and creates new exemptions from disclosure. 
This is just the latest attempt by the 
majority leader to bypass the Judici-ary Committee and jam a bill through the Senate that contains provisions within the jurisdiction of the com-mittee. The bill reported by the Senate Intelligence Committee includes a broad and unnecessary FOIA exemp-tion. FOIA falls under the exclusive ju-risdiction of the Senate Judiciary Committee and changes affecting this law should not be enacted without full and careful consideration by the Judi-ciary Committee. This important 
transparency law certainly should not be amended in closed session by the Senate Intelligence Committee. 
Shortly after the text of the bill was 
released, I shared with Chairman G
RASSLEY my concern that the Judici-
ary Committee should also consider this bill. He assured me that there would be a ‘‘robust and open amend-ment process’’ if this bill were consid-ered on the Senate floor. But only a few weeks later, the Republican leader-ship—with Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s sup-
port—attempted to jam the Intel-ligence Committee’s bill through the Senate as an amendment to the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, NDAA, without any opportunity for meaningful debate. Republicans and Democrats joined together to reject the majority leader’s effort to force the cyber security bill onto the NDAA. De-spite this rebuke from both sides of the aisle, just a few weeks later, the major-ity leader again attempted to jam the 
bill through the Senate in the final days before August recess, without any serious opportunity to debate and offer amendments. 
The majority leader’s actions have 
been part of a consistent disregard for regular order. He has talked about pro-viding an opportunity for fair debate, but at the same time, he has used all procedural mechanisms to stifle proc-ess on this bill. Yesterday afternoon, the Senate moved to consideration of this bill—but then not even 2 hours later, the majority leader moved to end debate. That speaks volumes about whether the majority leader is really interested in a full and open debate, and it is not how the U.S. Senate should operate—particularly when it comes to a bill with such sweeping ramifications for Americans’ privacy. 
Senator F
EINSTEIN , the ranking 
member of the Intelligence Committee, has consistently said that the Senate ‘‘should have an opportunity to fully consider the bill and to receive the input of other committees with juris-diction in this area.’’ She has worked hard to improve the underlying bill with a managers’ amendment that ad-dresses a number of my concerns, par-ticularly in regard to FOIA, limiting the sharing of information for cyber se-curity purposes only, and ensuring that the bill would not allow the govern-ment to use information to investigate crimes completely unrelated to cyber security. I appreciate these improve-ments, and Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s efforts 
to include them in the bill. But again, this bill still has some serious prob-lems and requires a full, public debate. The bill still includes, for example, a FOIA exemption that I believe is over-ly broad and unnecessary. 
In July, the Department of Homeland 
Security wrote a letter to Senator F
RANKEN stating that in their view the 
bill raises significant operational con-cerns and certain provisions threaten to severely undermine Americans’ pri-vacy. Last week, the Computer & Com-munications Industry Association—an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.057 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7397 October 21, 2015 
organization that includes Google, 
Facebook, and Yahoo!—voiced serious concerns that the bill fails to protect users’ privacy and could ‘‘cause collat-eral harm’’ to ‘‘innocent third parties.’’ And this week, major tech companies such as Apple, Dropbox, Twitter, and Yelp have vocally opposed the bill cit-ing concerns for their users’ privacy. 
The latest version of the bill contains 
a number of improvements that I and other Senators have been fighting for, and I am glad to see that we are mak-ing progress. But we still have work to do on this bill, and the Senate must have an open and honest debate about the Senate Intelligence Committee’s bill and its implications for Americans’ privacy. I agree that we must do more to protect our cyber security, but we must be responsible in our actions. Legislation of this importance should not be hastily pushed through the Sen-ate, without a full and fair opportunity for Senators to consider the ramifica-tions of this bill. Unfortunately, by moving so quickly to end debate, it ap-pears that the majority leader is trying to do just that. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I wish 
to support the Cybersecurity Informa-tion Sharing Act of 2015. 
Cyber security is the most pressing 
economic and national security threat facing our country today. As a member of the Senate Select Committee on In-telligence, I am keenly aware of the damage cyber attacks cause on our Na-tion. As vice chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I believe we must have a clear and comprehen-sive approach to funding cyber secu-rity. 
In boardrooms and around kitchen 
tables, concern over cyber security is heightening. It is gaining new traction following the cyber attack on the Of-fice of Personnel Management, which compromised the personal information of more than 22 million Federal em-ployees, contractors, and their fami-lies. 
The American people expect serious 
action by Congress. This can and must be done, while respecting privacy and avoiding data misuse by the govern-ment or businesses. Congress must act with a sense of urgency to pass the Cy-bersecurity Information Sharing Act. If we wait for another major cyber at-tack, we risk overreacting, overregu-lating, overspending, and overlegis-lating. The time to act is now. 
Our Nation is under attack. Every 
day, cyber attacks are happening. Cyber terrorists are working to damage critical infrastructure by taking over the power grid or disrupting air traffic control. Cyber spies are moving at breakneck speeds to steal state secrets, intellectual property, and personal in-formation. Cyber criminals are hack-ing our networks, stealing financial in-formation, and disrupting business op-erations. These cyber attacks can dis-rupt critical infrastructure, wipe out a family’s entire life savings, take down entire companies, and put human lives at risk. In the past year alone, we’ve 
seen cyber attacks against Sony, Home Depot, UPS, JP Morgan Chase, Experian, T-Mobile, Scottrade, and the list goes on. The economic losses of cyber crime are stunning. In 2014, the Center for Strategic and International Studies and McAfee estimated the an-nual cost from cyber crime to be over $400 billion. 
I have been working on cyber issues 
since I was elected to the Senate. Our cyber warriors at the National Secu-rity Agency are in Maryland, and I have been working with the NSA to en-sure signals intelligence was a national security focus even before cyber was a method of warfare. 
In my role on the Intelligence Com-
mittee, I served on the Cyber Working Group, which developed findings to guide Congress on getting cyber gov-ernance right, protecting civil lib-erties, and improving the cyber work-force. 
As vice chairwoman of the Appro-
priations Committee and the Com-merce, Justice, and Science Sub-committee, I put funds in the Federal checkbook for critical cyber security agencies. These include the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which inves-tigates cyber crime; the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology, which works with the private sector to develop standards for cyber security technology; and the National Science Foundation, which researches ways to secure our Nation. As a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on De-fense, I fight for critical funding for the intelligence and cyber agencies, in-cluding the National Security Agency, Central Intelligence Agency, and Intel-ligence Advanced Research Projects Activity, who are coming up with the new ideas to create jobs and keep our country safe. These funds are critical to building the workforce and pro-viding the technology and resources to make our cyber security smarter, safer, and more secure. 
This bill does three things from a na-
tional security perspective. First, it al-lows businesses and government to vol-untarily share information about cyber threats. Second, it requires the Direc-tor of National Intelligence to share more cyber threat information with the private sector, both classified and unclassified. Third, it establishes a De-partment of Homeland Security ‘‘por-tal’’ for cyber info-sharing with the government to help dot-gov and dot- com in a constitutional manner. These three provisions are an innovation. De-spite all the amazing talent companies have, many are being attacked and don’t even realize it. This legislation allows unprecedented dot-com and dot- gov cooperation. There are also key provisions on privacy protections and liability protection for companies that monitor their own networks or share information. 
Why do we need a bill to make these 
vital partnerships happen? America is under attack every second of every day. The threat is here, and it is now. 
If we do not act or if we let the perfect be the enemy of the good, this country will be more vulnerable than ever be-fore, and Congress will have done noth-ing. 
This bill is not perfect. The Depart-
ment of Homeland Security’s role has been criticized by many, including my-self. I have been skeptical about their ability to perform some duties assigned in this bill. I am still skeptical, al-though less so than before. But this bill takes important steps to diversify gov-
ernment and private sector actors, so we are not just focusing on DHS, but also keeping civilian agencies in charge. We cannot have intelligence agencies leading this effort with the private sector. Some would like to see that go further, but that is what the amendment process is for. 
People in the civil liberties commu-
nity worry that this bill could allow government intrusions into people’s privacy. This was of tantamount con-cern for me. If we don’t protect civil liberties, the added security is for naught because we lose what we value most: our freedom. The authors of this bill, especially Senator F
EINSTEIN , have 
made key improvements on issues of law enforcement powers and protecting core privacy concerns. While not every-one is entirely pleased, this bill has made important strides to balance in-formation sharing and privacy. 
The business community is con-
cerned because it fears strangulation and overregulation. They worry that they will open themselves up to law-suits if they participate in the program with the government. I have heard from Maryland businesses and these are valid concerns. Importantly, this bill has made strides in accommo-dating business and builds a voluntary framework to allow businesses to choose that protection. Protection does not come without responsibility for participants, but this bill links the need for cyber security, appropriate li-ability protection, and the expertise of our business community in a way that answers a lot of companies’ concerns. We cannot eliminate all government involvement in this issue because it simply won’t work, and we will lose key government expertise in the De-partment of Defense, Federal Bureau of Investigation, and elsewhere. However, we can work to try to minimize it while maintaining the government’s role in protecting national security. 
I am so proud that the Senate came 
together in a bipartisan way to draft and pass this legislation. The Senate must pass this legislation now. Work-ing together, we can make our Nation safer and stronger and show the Amer-ican people we can cooperate to get an important job done. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2557 
Mr. President, today I wish to speak 
about my amendment to the cyber se-curity bill. This amendment would pro-vide an additional $37 million for the Office of Personnel Management, OPM, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.035 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7398 October 21, 2015 
to accelerate completion of its infor-
mation technology, IT, modernization and thwart future cyber attacks. 
This additional funding would allow 
OPM to make needed upgrades to cyber security and network systems 1 year ahead of schedule. This means OPM will not have to wait another year to protect sensitive personnel data by im-plementing hardware and software up-grades recommended by security ex-perts. 
The $37 million is designated as an 
emergency under the Budget Control Act of 2011. 
For over a year, the Office of Per-
sonnel Management’s systems were compromised. This hack exposed the fi-nancial and personal information of 22 million Federal employees and their families, contractors, job candidates and retirees. This is unacceptable. 
OPM’s retirement services and back-
ground investigation databases contain the most sensitive data OPM holds, in-cluding Social Security numbers, health information and fingerprints. 
I have heard from employees across 
the government. Data breaches under-mine morale and complicate their abil-ity to serve the American people. 
OPM has moved to provide protec-
tions, but that is not enough. Securing these systems must be done now. We can’t wait for the next budget cycle. 
I urge support for my amendment. 
This is a crisis, so we ought to treat it like one. Twenty-two million Ameri-cans who entrusted their data and fin-gerprints to the government deserve the highest standard of protection. 
There is a reason OPM was exploited. 
Federal cyber security has been weak. The Appropriations Committee has consistently given agencies the re-sources they asked for to protect their dot-gov systems. But under sequester- level budgeting it hasn’t been enough. Constrained agencies don’t ask for what is truly needed to do the cyber se-curity job. 
Tight budgets mean immediate prob-
lems get requested and funded before other much needed IT protection and maintenance. We aren’t even doing the simple things. 
After the OPM breach, the Office of 
Management and Budget, OMB, con-ducted a cyber sprint. OMB asked agen-cies to take four minimal steps: No. 1, deploy Department of Homeland Secu-rity malicious activity detectors; No. 2, patch critical vulnerabilities; No. 3, tighten privileged user policies; and No. 4, accelerate deployment of multi-factor authentication. 
While there was improvement, only 
14 of the 24 agencies met the fourth goal. Some of it is a lack of will, but some is a lack of resources. 
OPM knows it needs to harden its in-
formation technology. 
That is why I am offering this 
amendment, providing $37 million in emergency spending to harden OPM systems now—not a year from now. These funds meet the criteria for being designated as emergency spending as set out in the Budget Control Act of 
2011. OPM’s needs are urgent, tem-porary, and, regrettably, unforeseen. 
What does it mean to designate funds 
as emergency spending? It means no offsets, so we don’t pay for this amend-ment by drawing from existing funding used to defend the Nation or help America’s families. 
The need is urgent—our adversaries 
are still trying to attack us. The need is temporary—these are one-time costs to accelerate IT reform. And the need is unforeseen which is sadly the reason they were not requested in the Presi-dent’s fiscal year 2016 budget in Feb-ruary. 
Some say this funding is premature, 
and OPM is not ready to deploy it ef-fectively. However, those reports were written before Beth Cobert became OPM Acting Director. She is turning OPM around, but she needs the re-sources to secure OPM’s IT systems, and cyber security is a critical issue. 
Government can’t be reckless with 
the sensitive data it has. We must do better with dot-gov and get our own house in order. We know what OPM needs to do—they have the will, they have a business plan, and now they need the wallet. 
Vote for my amendment No. 2557 to 
get OPM the resources it needs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 3594 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, last 
week when I was back in my home State of Wisconsin, I had the privilege of hosting a roundtable with college students from all across the south-eastern area of the State. The focus of the conversation was how we in Con-gress could help keep college affordable and accessible. During the course of that conversation, it was abundantly clear that most of the students were very frustrated that Congress could not take some of the most commonsense steps to make that happen. I told them that I shared their frustration and en-sured them that I would be going back to Washington, DC, this week to fight on their behalf. 
This morning I hosted a Google 
Hangout and spoke with campus news-papers from across the State of Wis-consin to reiterate my commitment on this issue. So here I am, almost 1 month from the day that I last stood here on the Senate floor, 1 month since a single United States Senator stood up and blocked a commonsense and bi-partisan measure that would have con-tinued to provide critical financial sup-port for America’s low-income college students. 
In the short month since our efforts 
to reauthorize the Federal Perkins Loan Program were obstructed, the im-mediate impacts are already becoming quite clear. Last week, the Coalition of Higher Education Assistance Organiza-tions began surveying colleges and uni-versities that participate in the Per-kins loan program to learn more about how this obstruction is impacting their students. After a few days, they heard 
from over 100 students outlining how allowing Perkins to expire is harming students and institutions alike. There are real impacts being felt by real stu-dents right now across America. If we don’t act, this damaging impact will ripple across our community. There-fore, we cannot sit idly by. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of H.R. 3594, which is at the desk, that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, on be-
half of the leadership, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, this is 
incredibly frustrating. I am going to spend a few minutes talking about how this objection, this obstruction is im-pacting the students of America and the higher education institutions of America. There are real impacts that are being felt right now. Students who have previously received Perkins loans will lose their future eligibility if they change institutions or academic pro-grams. Students seeking Perkins loans for the upcoming winter and spring se-mesters will not be eligible at all if we don’t act soon to reauthorize this pro-gram. Finally, all future students will be ineligible for this program. 
This afternoon right before I came 
down to the Senate floor, I received a letter from the president of the Univer-sity of Wisconsin’s system, Ray Cross— a letter that was co-signed by all 14 of 
the UW system university chancellors. In their message, they shared compel-ling insight into how the sudden end to the Federal Perkins Loan Program is already affecting Wisconsin students. They then closed their letter with this: 
[W]e need to keep this program in place. 
After all, our job is to help students who would not otherwise be able to attend higher education and to help them overcome bar-riers, particularly financial barriers, all of which helps to ensure access, retention, com-pletion, and a skilled workforce. These are goals upon which all of us can agree. 
One month ago our colleagues in the 
House of Representatives—a body rare-ly called a place of agreement—took up and passed a measure that would ex-tend this student loan program for 1 year. I previously called up that bill here in the Senate and asked unani-mous consent that we extend the Fed-eral Perkins Loan Program. While I look forward to a broader conversation about improving Federal supports for students as we look to reauthorize the Higher Education Act, I don’t believe— and I still don’t—that we can sit idly by while America’s students are left with such uncertainty. 
As everyone heard, I asked unani-
mous consent to proceed to the consid-eration of the bill, and one Senator stood up on behalf of Republican lead-ership and blocked our ability at this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.033 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7399 October 21, 2015 
point in time to extend the Federal 
Perkins Loan Program by 1 year. 
Again, I understand a desire, and 
frankly, share a desire to have a broad-er conversation about Federal student aid as part of the Higher Education Act reauthorization effort. I still do not think it is right or fair to let this pro-gram expire to the detriment of thou-sands of students in need. Frankly, this is a perfect example of why the Amer-ican people are so upset with Wash-ington. 
Since 1958, the Federal Perkins Loan 
Program has been successfully helping Americans access affordable higher education with low-interest loans for students who cannot borrow or afford more expensive private student loans. 
In Wisconsin, the program provides 
more than 20,000 low-income university and college students with more than $41 million in aid, but the impact of this program isn’t just isolated to the Badger State. In fact, the Federal Per-kins Loan Program aids over half a million students with financial need each year across 1,500 institutions of higher learning. 
The schools themselves originate, 
service, and collect the fixed interest loan rates, and what is more, institu-tions maintain loans available for fu-ture students because these are revolv-ing funds. 
Since the program’s creation, insti-
tutions have invested millions of dol-lars of their own funds into the pro-gram. In addition to making higher education accessible for low-income students, the program serves as an in-centive for people who wish to go into public service by offering targeted loan cancellations for specific professions in areas of high need, such as teaching, nursing, and law enforcement. 
As a member of the Senate Health, 
Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee, and as a Senator representing a State with such a rich history of high-er education, it is among my highest priorities to fight to ensure that the Federal Perkins Loan Program con-tinues for generations to come, but un-fortunately, as we saw, one single Sen-ator stood up again today and said no to students across America who ask for nothing more than an opportunity to pursue their dreams—students such as Andrew. 
Andrew is currently a student at the 
University of Wisconsin in Stevens Point. Without the support of his Per-kins loan, Andrew said he would not have had the means to attend college. He has little to no income at his dis-posal. Today, not only is Andrew mak-ing the dean’s list every semester, but he now has his sights set on attending law school, also at the University of Wisconsin. Andrew said: ‘‘Without the assistance I get from the Perkins Loan I would be forced to either take out other high-interest loans, or delay my graduation date, or drop out—which is the last thing I want to do.’’ 
Today this body also stood up and 
once again said no to students such as Nayeli Spahr. Nayeli was raised by a 
single mother who was an immigrant and worked two full-time jobs. Nayeli attended 10 different schools in 3 dif-ferent States before she finished high school. Without the Federal Perkins Loan Program, Nayeli said her oppor-tunity to get a college education would have been ‘‘an illusionary dream.’’ 
Today Nayeli is the first in her fam-
ily to finish college and is now in her last year of medical school. She is planning to work with those who are underserved in our urban communities. She finished by saying: 
The Perkins loan program helped me reach 
this point. And its existence is essential to provide that opportunity for other young adults wanting to believe in themselves and to empower their communities to be better. Please save it! 
You don’t have to look very far to 
find the dramatic impact that this in-vestment has on America’s students. There are thousands of stories like the ones I just shared, representing thou-sands of students who are still benefit-ting from the opportunities provided to them by this hugely successful pro-gram. 
I am disappointed and frustrated that 
our bipartisan effort in the Senate has again been obstructed. I will continue to fight to extend support for Amer-ica’s students in the form of extending the Federal Perkins Loan Program so that we can find a way to show the half-million American students who rely on this loan program that we are standing with them and that we are committed to helping them build a stronger future for themselves and our country. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and 
yield back the remainder of my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I join 
my colleague from Wisconsin and other Members who are here on the floor to talk about the Perkins Loan Program. It is a really important program. It serves the needs of many of the stu-dents in our States, and it serves a unique need. It provides flexibility that other programs don’t provide, and it also allows the colleges and univer-sities to actually contribute to it. 
I hope we can get this 1-year exten-
sion done, and I hope that the objec-tion will be overridden by the common sense of doing something that the House has already done. By the way, the House of Representatives did it for 1 year also at no cost to the Federal Government because there is no reason to pay for a 1-year extension of a pro-gram that is a loan program where the colleges and universities take the pay-ments that are made—the repay-ments—and put them back into the program. So this program is at no cost, and it is certainly an important pro-gram that we ought to continue. 
I know there is discussion about 
broader education reform, and I sup-port that. I know this program is not perfect. There are other ways that we could possibly improve it. I am per-
fectly willing to enter into that discus-sion and debate it. We should have that debate. We should debate how to make 
sure college is more affordable for all students, but let’s not at this point stop this program that is working and is providing for young people in my State and around the country what they need to be able to afford a quality education. 
I was out here a few weeks ago talk-
ing about this program, and at that time I talked about some specific schools and the people in my State who depend on this program. It is the oldest Federal program out there that allows students to be able to take advantage of some kind of help in order to get through school, and boy, it is needed now more than ever with tuition costs going up and more and more families feeling the squeeze. 
When I go back home, I hear from 
parents and the students themselves. It is tough. Wages are flat, and in many cases declining. Yet expenses are up, and this is one of them, along with health care and electricity bills. This is not the time to stop the program but to continue this really important pro-gram. At the same time, we need to en-gage in the important debate of how we can reform higher education more gen-erally in order to ensure that every-body has access to an affordable edu-cation. 
Since 1958, this program has provided 
more than $28 billion in loans. It is a program that supports 60 different schools in my State. In the Buckeye State of Ohio, we have 60 schools that have loans under this program. Last year, more than 25,000 Ohio students received financial aid through this pro-gram—3,000 young people at Kent State and over 1,700 at the Ohio State Uni-versity in Columbus. 
One of those students is an out-
standing young woman. Her name is Keri. She is a junior at Kent State. She interned for me last summer. When I talked to Keri about this program, she said that this is something she abso-lutely needs to be able to stay in school. 
Keri is a young woman for whom I 
have a lot of respect because she fought the odds. She was in foster care. She went from one foster home to another while she was growing up. Yet she not only fought the odds. She is now excel-ling in college and doing a great job, but she doesn’t have the resources to stay in college without this program. She is a Pell grant recipient, but she also needs the Perkins Loan Program to be able stay in school. 
This is not just about numbers, folks. 
This is about people. This is about Keri. This is about young people whom we want to be able to have the oppor-tunity and to be able to get the edu-cation they need to get ahead, because it does provide help for those who are most in need. 
Well beyond Ohio, of course, 1,700 
postsecondary institutions now partici-pate in this program. It shouldn’t be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.059 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7400 October 21, 2015 
controversial. Again, the House passed 
it for 1 year. It is something that does not require a new appropriation. It is a flexible program. So many of our stu-dent loan programs, including the Pell Grant Program and so on, are pro-grams where the schools cannot pro-vide any kind of flexibility. With many of our families and many of our stu-dents, Keri being an example, that flexibility is really important. Cir-cumstances change. They may find themselves in a situation where they need a little help to stay in school so they can finish their academic major. They may find they need a little bit of help because of an unfortunate event that they could not anticipate hap-pening in their families, and this pro-gram provides that flexibility. Again, the colleges and universities actually contribute to it. It is a matching pro-gram where they have to step up and be counted. 
Let’s not allow these students to fall 
through the cracks, and let’s consider what happens if we do allow that to happen. Students who are applying for the winter semester, which starts in January, or the spring semester may well find that they are not able to re-ceive the aid they need. 
I am told that students can lose their 
eligibility if they change institutions or if they change their majors. These kids could fall between the cracks even if they have a Perkins loan now. 
Finally, of course, if we don’t act 
pretty soon, then next fall when there will be up to 150,000 freshman looking for a Perkins loan, they may find they are not eligible for it. This is not ac-ceptable. Let’s be sure we do every-thing we can here to make sure that college is not road-blocked for low-in-come students who are trying to get a college degree and pursue their dreams. Let’s help them get ahead. 
Let’s pass this. It creates certainty 
for the students who benefit from the loans, it creates certainty for these colleges and universities, and it en-sures that students who need this fund-ing are not stopped and blocked by these high tuitions. 
I wish to thank my colleagues Sen-
ator C
OLLINS and Senator C ASEY , whom 
I see is on the floor. I also wish to thank Senator B
ALDWIN , Senator 
AYOTTE , Senator M URPHY , and I see 
Senator C OONS and others who are 
here. 
This is bipartisan, and it is some-
thing we can do here in the Senate, just as the House has already acted. Let’s not block this program because this could block the students from at-taining the educational background they need to be able to succeed in life. Let’s move forward with this while at the same time continuing our discus-sion on the need to ensure that higher education is more broadly reformed to 
allow everybody to have that oppor-tunity to pursue their dreams. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, let me 
associate myself with the remarks of Senator B
ALDWIN and Senator 
PORTMAN . I thank them for making 
this bipartisan clarion call to bring this body together on behalf of stu-dents. There are over 6,000 students in my State of Connecticut. 
I believe Senator B
LUMENTHAL is 
going to give some remarks as well to add Connecticut’s list of schools and to debate this issue on the floor. 
We have over 1,000 students at the 
University of Connecticut, over 700 at Yale University, 600 at the University of Bridgeport, 500 at Central Con-necticut, and 400 in Eastern Con-necticut. All across Connecticut, stu-dents are able to attend college be-cause of the Perkins Loan Program. As one of the few Members of the Senate who is still paying back my student loans, who is also saving as fast as I can for my two boys who will hopefully go to college, this debate we are having today strikes me as crazy. We should be having a debate about how we ex-pand access to college. Instead, we are simply trying to protect the existing access we have. 
In 10 years the United States has 
gone from the No. 1 country in the world with respect to the number of 25- to 35-year-olds with college degrees to number 12 in the world. In 10 years we have gone from first to twelfth. The answer for that is the cost of college. The cost of college is making it unaffordable for people to start and unaffordable for many others to com-plete it. 
The Perkins Loan Program is one 
that doesn’t require any additional ex-penditure of taxpayer dollars. Those 6,000 kids in Connecticut will get to continue to attend college with Per-kins loans, with no additional obliga-tion on behalf of taxpayers. That is as good a deal as we can get—no addi-tional expenditure from the Federal Government and hundreds of thousands of kids all across the country—6,000 of them in Connecticut—get to continue in college. 
I simply wanted to come to the floor 
to express my bewilderment that the Republican leadership is standing in the way of simply preserving the stu-dent loan programs that are on the books today. If we go back home to our districts, we are not going to hear from a lot of people who are sympathetic to this argument. They want Congress to be talking about how to make college more affordable. They would be as be-wildered as many of us are that Repub-licans in the Senate are trying to make college less affordable, when there is absolutely no additional expenditure required in order for us simply to pre-serve the Perkins Loan Program as it currently exists. 
Let me just add one story to the 
mix—the story of Amanda, who is a senior at the University of Hartford. Her family makes about $67,000 a year. People are going to be familiar with her story because that is just a little bit too much for her to be able to qual-
ify for a Pell grant. So she has to work two different jobs to put money on top of her Stafford loans, to put money on top of the contribution her parents make, just to get into the neighbor-hood of being able to afford college, but what makes that final difference for Amanda is the Perkins loan. 
The only reason she is able to go to 
the University of Hartford is because of the Perkins loan. She is doing every-thing we ask. Her parents are putting in some money, she is taking out loans, and she is working two jobs. She says: 
I can’t imagine how difficult it would have 
been if federal funding sources such as the Perkins loan had been eliminated as options for me. I’ve utilized the Perkins loan offered to me, in the full amount, every single year to resolve my account balance. Even now, in my senior year, I have no choice but to work two jobs and I’m barely getting by. Without the Perkins and other financial aid, I truly believe that I would have had to transfer to a community college where I would not have been able to accomplish nearly as much as I have here at the University of Hartford. 
On behalf of her and the six other 
students in Connecticut who will lose their Perkins loan eligibility as long as this Republican objection lasts, I hope it will come together. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I stand to 
join in with the voices we have already heard from, including Senator M
URPHY  
of Connecticut and Senator P ORTMAN  
of Ohio—bipartisan, of course—who have stood in support of the unanimous consent request of Senator B
ALDWIN , 
blocked by the opposing party, that we move forward with reauthorizing the Perkins Loan Program. 
The voice that I think is so often 
missing from the deliberations in the Senate is the voice we just heard brought forward by Senator M
URPHY of 
Connecticut, the voice of our constitu-ents—the constituents who connect with us when we are home in our States; the constituents who reach out to us by letter and by email. I just wanted to add the voices of my con-stituents from the State of Delaware. 
Apparently, our colleagues have 
failed to hear from thousands—even hundreds of thousands—of our home State constituents who rely on Federal Perkins loans. This program is a crit-ical lifeline for students across the country who would be well on their way to a college degree if it weren’t for the skyrocketing, unsustainable costs of higher education. I think Congress’s failure to reauthorize the Perkins Loan Program is already having a negative impact on students and on households across our country. We can see the real-world impact in our home States if we will but listen to our constituents. 
Let me give two examples of Dela-
wareans who have recently reached out to me. 
Frank, an incoming University of 
Delaware student, was counting on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.060 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7401 October 21, 2015 
Perkins Loan Program to help cover a 
gap in affording the cost of his higher education. Now that those funds are no longer available, now that the Perkins loans have expired, his family is strug-gling to figure out how they will pay for his education. 
There is also Taylor, a Delawarean, 
already a college student, who had signed up for a promising new course of study because of a Perkins loan that would make the additional cost pos-sible. Without this funding moving for-ward, future students like Taylor will also have to turn to private loans— sometimes less accessible, sometimes less affordable—to fill that gap. Frank and Taylor’s stories are just a few ex-amples of many that I have received in my office from constituents or con-versations I have had at home in Dela-ware. 
When I am with working Dela-
wareans, there is no topic raised more frequently amongst those in my age bracket of how they can afford to send their kids to college. Just the other night, standing around on the sideline of a soccer game, I heard a whole group talking about how can we possibly af-ford the skyrocketing expenses of high-er education. 
So the question we are here today to 
address isn’t the great big question of how can we make college affordable, it is just a simple question of how can we extend the Perkins Loan Program. I am proud to join with my colleagues in calling for a permanent extension of this program. In my State of Delaware, nearly 2,000 Delawareans last year re-ceived Perkins loans from 2013 to 2014. Those are 2,000 of my constituents who had the chance to go to college, invest in their education, improve their lives for the better, and that is in just 1 year of the program. 
In the 50 years since Perkins was cre-
ated, the program has awarded nearly $30 billion through 26 million loans across this entire country. Those are big, abstract numbers, but for my col-leagues who remain undecided on whether to support the extension, I urge them to think about the Franks, the Taylors, their constituents, and folks from towns and cities, big and small, all across this country. They are not asking for a free education. The av-erage Perkins loan is just $2,000. It is not even a rounding error in the scope of the total Federal budget that we fight over here week in and week out, but that is an amount that one stu-dent, one family can singlehandedly determine—for an aspiring teacher or a business owner or an inventor or some-one who just wants to advance them-selves through education—whether they can continue their steady forward progress. 
This extension alone is not the High-
er Education Act reauthorization many of us have been calling for; it is not the substantial education investment many of us know would be a huge boost to our country, its competitiveness, and our constituents’ well-being; it is not a perfect solution to the Dela-
wareans I talk to every day who won-der how they can afford college; it is an important start. So let’s come together and act. Even the House of Representa-tives, of all places, has acted on a bi-partisan basis to extend the Perkins Loan Program. We can and should do the same. 
I thank my colleagues for their work 
on this critical issue, and I urge this Chamber to come together to approve an extension of the Federal Perkins Loan Program without delay. 
Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the same subject that my colleague from Delaware just raised and so many others before him. It is bi-partisan. This loan program, which we have had the luxury, I guess, all these years of relying upon, has allowed us to say that as a country we value higher education. We value that for no matter what family a person is from or what level of income. As I have often said, we believe not only in the context of early learning, when someone is at the beginning of their learning years, but much later when they are in the years of higher education, that they can learn more now and earn more later. That linkage, that direct nexus be-tween learning and earning, is a sub-stantial factor in whether someone can have a good job and a career and suc-cess in their life. 
However, for a lot of folks, the cost 
of college, as so many have outlined today, becomes an impossible barrier over which they cannot climb, espe-cially if they are low income. All they are asking for is a fair shot—a fair shot at learning, a fair shot at going to an institution of higher education. 
We know this program has meant so 
much not only to folks across the country, but when we look State by State and examine the number of stu-dents, the number of families who are affected now, it is extraordinary, whether we are talking about the Pre-siding Officer’s home State of Colorado or Senator C
OONS and his constituents 
in Delaware or Connecticut or Wis-consin or Ohio. Wherever we are, we can see the numbers. 
In Pennsylvania, 40,000 students 
today are beneficiaries of the Perkins Loan Program. We are told as well that this isn’t just a program that affects all different income levels; this is a program which is designed and has ben-efited those who most need it. We are told that one-quarter of recipients are from families with incomes of less than $30,000. The maximum loan amount per student is $5,500. If someone is going to a school where it costs $45,000 or $50,000, that may not seem like a lot, but for a lot of students who are at in-stitutions that are not so high in cost, that is a big number—or a fraction of that number is a big number. If you are going to graduate school, you can get up to $8,000 from the Perkins Loan Pro-gram. It is a 10-year repayment period. 
As the Senator from Ohio pointed out, it is a revolving fund. So as one stu-dent is paying their Perkins loan back over 10 years, another student is bene-fiting from that revolving fund. 
We have all had individuals in our 
States—I have talked a couple of times about Nikki Ezzolo. Nikki is a recent graduate of Edinboro University. She had a long and difficult pathway through her higher education years. She is a single mom. She was in school and then out of school. When she fi-nally got through school and had the benefit of a Perkins loan, among other things, she said the following in talk-ing about her own circumstances as a single mom: 
I am proud to be a college grad and my 
daughter is proud of me too. I am so grateful for getting a Perkins loan to help me. I know that I wouldn’t be where I am right now— 
Meaning with a job after graduating 
from Edinboro— 
without it, and that is a really scary 
thought. 
So she is thinking about where she 
would have been without a Perkins loan. Where she would have been is highly likely out of school and there-fore not working. And the job she got is with a major company in our State. 
So that is Nikki. I also mentioned on the floor a cou-
ple of weeks ago—and I will not repeat it, but I just want to remind folks of her name. Kayla McBride. She is a re-cent graduate of Temple University in Philadelphia. She is in one corner of the State in Philadelphia, the opposite corner of the State where Nikki went to school in Edinboro. She indicated she received a Perkins loan to help with tuition after her mother was laid off. 
Then we have another example, 
someone I met during the break, right near my hometown. We were meeting with students all across the State about this issue. One of them was in Wilkes-Barre. His name is Anthony Fanucci, the student body President, and a senior at Wilkes University in Wilkes-Barre. Anthony’s father works overtime to pay for his tuition, and Anthony works every weekend and two jobs over the summer. His Perkins loan helped him stay in school. I met An-thony and he spoke that day in public. Among the things he said was the fol-lowing: 
My strengths got me to Wilkes University, 
but without financial funding, your strengths and your resume and what you’ve done before that mean nothing. I never ever seek pity for my financial situation because my financial situation is far from rare. 
He is talking about so many students 
out there who face a fork in the road at some point. If they have Perkins, they can likely stay in school. If they don’t have Perkins, many of them—far too many—will not be able to continue their higher education. 
We know the program expired on 
September 30. Here is what it means for—here is the practical implications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.062 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7402 October 21, 2015 
for students. No new students can re-
ceive loans, and while the current re-cipients are ‘‘grandfathered’’ for 5 years, there is uncertainty because we have never been in this circumstance where the program has expired and we don’t know exactly what will happen with regard to the implementation of any kind of new changes or new policy by the administration. It is important 
to note that some will not be bene-fiting from the grandfathering provi-sion. A student would not be grand-fathered if they do one of the following: if they change their major, if they alter their course of study, or if they transfer. I should also mention the cut-off for the grandfathering was June 30, 2015. 
Let’s consider one of those cir-
cumstances—if they change their major. We are told by a recent study in our State that 75 percent of students will change their major at some point in their years in college. Let’s just say that it is 50 percent or 33 percent. Whatever the number is, that is a lot of students changing their major and thereby maybe taking themselves out of the protection of that grandfathering provision for Perkins loans now that we are in the period after it has expired. 
Financial aid officials who have writ-
ten to us talk about other cir-cumstances. I won’t read a full letter, but in one letter we got from a finan-cial aid official they talked about ‘‘sig-
nificant changes in a family’s financial circumstances’’ and ‘‘unexpected finan-cial difficulties.’’ That is the real world of real students and real families with-out Perkins or at least with the uncer-tainty with regard to Perkins. Neither situation in my judgment is accept-able. Not having a 1-year extension to a Perkins loan program makes no sense to me and to a lot of students. If we had an extension, we could debate if someone wanted to make changes or debate the elements of a program, but having it expire makes no sense. Even if the expiration doesn’t definitively impact you, the uncertainty about that should not be part of a college stu-dent’s experience. While they are studying, while they are getting through their coursework, especially as freshmen, they should have the cer-tainty or at least the expectation that it will continue to help them. 
In summary we should, No. 1, con-
tinue to work together in a bipartisan fashion to solve this problem. The good news is, despite the partisan rancor and divisions in Washington and in the Senate and the House, on this we have broad bipartisan support—something on the order of 28 co-sponsors, and at last count 6 are Republicans. So we have got folks in both parties working on this. 
We all believe that we have an obli-
gation to do everything we can to sup-port higher education. No student should have to drop out of college be-cause Congress has not done its job. 
We have more work to do on this, and 
I would urge those who have concerns about it or want to have another point 
of view be debated, that I hope we could work together to get through this impasse and get the Perkins loan at least extended for 1 more year as was done in the House most recently by voice vote. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
this discussion by very good Senators— and I congratulate the Senator from Pennsylvania and the other Senators who have spoken. The Senators from Pennsylvania and Wisconsin are both on the education committee and we have worked well together and we will continue to discuss this. This shows how difficult it is to do what most Americans have said they would like to see us do, which is to simplify, deregu-late, and make it easier and simpler for students to go to college. That is what we are trying to do in the Senate. 
Almost every witness who came be-
fore us said this: It is too complicated to fill out a form for the current form of student aid, so simplify it. The wit-nesses have said: Have one under-graduate student loan, have one loan for graduate students, and have one loan for parents. Right now under-graduate students might have three different loans with different interest rates and different terms. 
The application process is so com-
plicated that it turns away millions, we have been told, of students who are frustrated by that. The repayment pro-gram, which is very generous—not for the Perkins loan, which I will get to in a minute, but for all other direct loans—is so complicated that students don’t take advantage of it. 
We are toward the end of our work in 
the Senate education committee to take our giant student loan program, which loans more than $100 billion tax-payer dollars a year and has more than $1 trillion dollars of outstanding loans, and simplify it to make it easier and cheaper for students to go to college. 
One way to do that is to replace the 
Perkins loan with a direct loan that has a lower interest rate and a more generous repayment plan. What we are proposing to do is to replace the Per-kins loan with a direct loan that is available to every single student who is enrolled in an eligible accredited col-lege. You show up, you enroll, you get the loan. That is available to you. The interest is 4.29 percent today. That is lower than your Perkins loan, and when you pay back the direct loan, you may pay it back like a mortgage over 10 years or you may pay it back over 20 or 25 years, not paying more than 10 or 15 percent of your disposable income. And if you haven’t paid it back after those years, it is forgiven. That is what the taxpayers have said to the stu-dents. So that lower interest rate and generous repayment program are not a part of the Perkins loan program. What we, a bipartisan group of Senators, are saying is that we need to replace the 
Perkins loan with that better oppor-tunity. 
Let’s be clear about who is affected 
by this. Perkins loans are about 1 per-cent of all student loans. So, about 99 percent of those students who have stu-dent loans are not affected by this dis-cussion. Of those who have Perkins loans, you can keep your Perkins loan. The Department of Education notified all the institutions early in this cal-endar year and said the Perkins loan expires in the fall. If you grant a new Perkins loan this fall, it will be a 1- year loan. For everybody else who has already got a Perkins loan, you can keep receiving Perkins loans through the end of your program. So, in almost every case, you either got a 1-year loan if you got a new loan for the first time, or if you are already in a program, you keep it through to the end of your pro-gram. That is the situation. 
It is important for students to know 
that the bipartisan effort here is to simplify the student loan program and 
give them a lower interest rate and a better repayment program. Why would you not want that instead of this? One might say we may want to have both. Sure, you would like to have both, but the Congressional Budget Office says it will cost $5 billion over 10 years to con-tinue the Perkins loan program. The testimony we heard and our rec-ommendation by this bipartisan group of Senators is we have a better use for that $5 billion. 
We might have a higher amount of 
money that you could borrow. We know there are going to be more Pell grants granted if we simplify the appli-cation process and the repayment proc-ess. We would like to give students the opportunity to use their Pell grants year-round. Some way we have got to pay for that, and one way to pay for that is to simplify the system. If we take $5 billion to continue the Perkins loan program so we can give students a higher interest loan and a worse repay-ment program, we are also taking money away from the new Pell grants, from the possibility of a year-round Pell grant, and from the other reforms that we would like to make. Why should we be trying to change this now, when the Department has notified all the institutions that this is how things are going to be? 
We are toward the end of our work in 
our committee. We work in a very good bipartisan way. We don’t agree on ev-erything; we don’t expect to. But Sen-ator M
URRAY and I have the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act. We expect to be able to do that with the Higher Education Act. The Senators will have a chance to offer amend-ments in the committee and on the floor. If the full Senate decides that it wants to keep the Perkins loan pro-gram and take $5 billion out of the funds available to give year-round Pell grants to students or the extra Pell grants that we would be able to grant by simplifying the application and in-stead continue a program with a higher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.063 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7403 October 21, 2015 
interest rate and a worse repayment 
program, then the full Senate can do that. I won’t recommend it and I won’t vote for it, but that is the purpose here. 
It is important for everyone consid-
ering this to know that President Bush recommended that the program end. President Obama recommended that the program be changed and folded in, in effect, with the regular direct loan program. 
The Federal Government hasn’t con-
tributed any new money to the Perkins loan program since 2004 because most people know that it is not as good a loan opportunity for almost all stu-dents. It is not as fair a use of the money as is the direct loan program. 
I prefer private loan programs, but 
the Congress has decided it is a Federal loan program. To reemphasize, if you are enrolled in any accredited institu-tion, and we have 6,000 of them, all you have to do is show up and you are eligi-ble for the loan. We think you are bet-ter off. You will be less likely to over borrow and you will be more likely to go to college if it is a simpler program and if you have a single undergraduate loan, a single graduate loan, and a sin-gle loan for parents. That is the pur-pose behind my point of view on this. 
This Senator would like for our com-
mittee to finish our work. Hopefully we can do that and give it to Senator M
CCONNELL and let him put it on the 
floor early in the year, and the Senate can decide which loan programs it wants. If we want to continue the mumbo jumbo of student loan pro-grams we have today, which discourage students from going to college and tak-ing advantage of repayment programs and discourage the kinds of education that most of us want, then the Senate can do that, but I will be arguing against that. 
That is why I asked the Senator from 
Arizona to object today to bringing im-mediately to the floor this continu-ation of a program that every institu-tion in the country knew was supposed to end when it ended, and that one President has tried to end and another President has tried to change. Almost every witness that came before our committee said that students will be better off. Students are the ones we care about. As long as we are fair to taxpayers, students will be better off if we simplify the system and have a sin-gle undergraduate loan, a single grad-uate loan, and a single loan for par-ents. 
In addition to that, there is a Federal 
grant system. If you are in Colorado or Tennessee or Connecticut or Pennsyl-vania and you want 2 years of college, for those who are eligible for the Pell grant, which you do not have to pay back, the 2 years of college is basically free. The average tuition for a 2-year community college is about $3,300 a year, and the average Pell grant is about $3,300 a year. So we are offering the students of this country—it is never easy to pay for college, but the taxpayers have been pretty generous. 
Basically, we are saying that every-where in the country if you want 2 years of college and you are in the 40 percent of community college students that are lower income, your 2 years are basically free. If you need more money, you are entitled to a loan that you can pay back at an interest rate this year of 4.29 percent. That is a low interest rate for somebody with no credit rating and no collateral. You can’t get that anywhere else, but you can get it from the Federal Government so you can go to college. We are saying in addition to that, you can pay it back over 20 years with your disposable income. If that isn’t enough, if you are a teacher or fireman or someone who has not made as much to pay it back, it is forgiven by the taxpayers. We would like the Perkins loan students to have the lower interest rate and the more gen-erous repayment program, and that is why I object to circumventing the com-mittee’s decisions. 
Let us finish our work. Let us make 
a decision that we should be able to make as a whole Senate by early next year, and let the students who already have Perkins loans continue all the way through to the end of their pro-gram. Let the students who got it for the first time since July know that they will have that program for this 1 year. This is what every single univer-sity in the country was told about ear-lier this year and reminded of by the Department of Education in Sep-tember. 
Let’s do this in an orderly way and 
let’s put the students first. All of us are interested in helping students make it easier and simpler to attend college. I think our bipartisan proposal will replace the Perkins loan with a di-rect loan opportunity with a lower in-terest rate and a more generous repay-ment program. It is a better deal for students and avoids spending that $5 billion that I would like to use for the year-round Pell grant and for the addi-tional Pell grants that are going to be created by a simpler student aid pro-gram. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
do respect the expertise and experience and dedication of my colleague and friend from Tennessee. I especially un-derstand and am grateful for his lead-ership as the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee, which has jurisdiction over this legislation. I understand that he is moving toward reform and overhaul of the current system of financial aid and loans that will make it better for stu-dents. That is the goal, that it will be ready perhaps sometime early next year. 
As we know from our experience in 
this body, timelines frequently shift and give way. So early next year may turn into later next year or the spring of next year or at some point in time. 
In the meantime, futures are in the balance—the futures of students in Connecticut and around the country who are trying to plan in their senior year. Their faces and voices are with me and with all of us every day. Their futures are the future of this country. 
The House has extended the Perkins 
Loan Program for 1 year. Why won’t 
the Senate do it? My colleague from Tennessee urges that we simplify the program. Well, let’s simplify decisions that are being made right now at the kitchen tables and the living rooms of families across the country and make available this option even as we sim-plify and reform the program because the failure to do so vastly complicates and confuses the lives of students who are making real-life decisions while we debate. We are, in fact, debating right now a cyber security information shar-ing act which pertains to the cloud and computing that takes place in the cloud. We are talking here in the clouds compared to real-life decisions being made by students and their fami-lies every day. I am hearing from them. I am hearing from financial aid admin-istrators, for example at Quinnipiac University in Hamden, CT, who tell me that there is a level of anxiety and angst they have not seen in recent years because of this body’s inaction, its failure to continue a program that has worked and worked well for count-less students. In fact, in the 2014–2015 school year, institutions in Con-necticut disbursed over $20 million through the Perkins Loan Program, using that funding to provide targeted financial aid to support their very neediest students. Low-income stu-dents who face a gap in funding and who have to make hard decisions about real dollars and cents need this pro-gram not early next year but right now. 
The Senate’s failure to act, as the 
House has done, to extend it for 1 year, abrogates its responsibility. In pre-vious years, Quinnipiac, for example, would have been able to offer these stu-dents Perkins loans to close the gaps between what financial aid they are re-ceiving and what they need to continue their education. This year, they are telling students: Sorry, no help avail-able. 
These students are the future of our 
country. They are the ones who are going to be doing the computer science that is necessary for our cyber secu-rity. They are the intellectual infra-structure of this country. Our failure to invest in them—and this expiration is only one reflection of that failure to invest—is a failure for the entire coun-try. 
I received a note from Nicole Deck— 
a sophomore at the University of New Haven—telling me how she benefitted from the Perkins program. She is pur-suing a double major in marine biology and environmental science. She wrote to me saying: ‘‘I appreciate every day that I spend at the University of New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.065 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7404 October 21, 2015 
Haven thanks to the aid of the Federal 
Perkins loans.’’ 
She said: ‘‘Receiving money from the 
Federal Perkins Loan has allowed me to achieve many of my goals and has opened many doors of opportunity.’’ 
The doors of opportunity for Nicole 
in marine biology and environmental science on the shores of Long Island Sound, where she can put that science to work to help to save Long Island Sound and to help us nationally to pre-serve our environment, are not only doors of opportunity for her, they are doors of opportunity for our whole country. The failure to extend the Per-kins loan program closes those doors. 
I met recently with seniors at the 
New Britain High School. At New Brit-ain High School, these seniors are thinking about where they will be going to school. They are making life- changing and transformative decisions about their futures based on their fi-nancial alternatives. When I asked them ‘‘How many of you have, in ef-fect, abandoned the school of your first choice because you couldn’t afford it and Federal aid was not available and no scholarships were accessible?’’ about half of them raised their hands. 
I thought to myself, well, things 
often work out for the better but some-times not. Sometimes futures are con-strained and warped and distorted be-cause a young person with great poten-tial is unable to develop it because of an avenue of education blocked by fi-nancial unaffordability. 
My colleagues have stated very pow-
erfully and eloquently and it has been a bipartisan debate about what the Perkins Loan Program means to so many students. 
I will close by saying that this pro-
gram involves an example of real insti-tutional skin in the game. It requires institutional capital contributions as a requirement for a school’s participa-tion. It fills the gap of affordability that affects our very neediest and often most deserving students. 
Our constituents will rightly ask us: 
Did you reject the student loan pro-gram? 
No, we did not reject it. Did you renew it? No. We simply allowed it to die. 
This program has gone into the 
cloud. We have allowed this to expire when we could extend it for 1 year without really damaging the reform ef-fort underway. 
I want to repeat that I respect the 
HELP Committee chairman’s intention and goal to reform all student loan pro-grams, but in the meantime, futures of American students are affected un-fairly and unwisely by the inaction by this body. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Sen-
ator from Connecticut for his eloquent remarks. Let me offer this different perspective. You don’t need a Perkins loan to go to a 2-year college. The aver-age tuition at a community college— 
and they are a terrific opportunity in my State and most States—is about $3,300. About 40 percent of the students who attend them qualify for a grant of about, on average, $3,300. So those 2 years are free for most students who need the money. Those students are also entitled to a direct loan if they en-roll at the community college. Usually it is $4,000, $5,000, to $6,000. They just walk up and they are entitled to it if they think they need it. 
You probably don’t need a Perkins 
loan to go to most of the State univer-sities. At the University of Tennessee, the tuition and fees is about $12,000. Many of the best colleges and univer-sities are State institutions. 
You are entitled to your Pell grant. 
You are entitled to your direct loan. Then many States and universities have their own programs. For example, in Tennessee there is the HOPE Schol-arship, and almost all of the students at the University of Tennessee Knox-ville have one. 
Where the Perkins loan has been use-
ful—and I will grant that—has been at the expensive private colleges. If it is $50,000 a year to go to a private college, you can get your Pell Grant, you can get two direct loans, and then you can get a Perkins loan. Then you can end up being in the newspaper for having borrowed so much that people write ar-ticles in the Wall Street Journal about how we have created a circumstance where students are overborrowing and cannot pay back their student loans. 
So I think the question really is, 
Should taxpayers spend $5 billion more over the next 10 years to make it pos-sible for a the student to go to a $50,000-a-year tuition school or should taxpayers spend that money to create a year-round Pell Grant and hundreds of thousands of additional Pell Grants for low-income students who want another 2 years or 4 years of education? I think that is the question. 
Government is about setting prior-
ities. If we had an unlimited amount of money, we could do everything. Ex-cept, we do have a problem with over-borrowing and complexity. When you add a third loan on top of two other loans so that can you go to a $50,000-a- year tuition college, that is a choice an American has to make. I am proud of the fact that we have those choices. But we have lots of 18-, 19-, 20-year- olds, and many graduate students, too, who 5 or 10 years later will find they cannot pay it back. 
I think we are better off with a single 
undergraduate loan, a single graduate loan, and a single parent loan that is available to every single student. I think we are better off using whatever savings we have to expand the number of Pell Grants and to offer a year-round Pell Grant. 
As I said before, every single institu-
tion—all 6,000 of our institutions were told by the Department of Education earlier in 2015: If you grant a Perkins loan this fall to someone who never re-ceived one before, it will be for 1 year 
because the program is ending. 
Also, they were told: If someone al-
ready has a Perkins loan, you will be able to keep it all the way through the end of their program. 
So this is an honest difference of 
opinion. There are a lot of university presidents—I know a bunch of them. They like the program because it gives them one more tool to use. The ques-tion is not just whether they like the program; the question is, What is best for the students? I think taking the available amount of money we have and expanding it for simplifying the student aid system and making the year-round Pell and the other pro-grams available to students who need it the most—I think that is what we should be doing. 
We will finish our work in the Senate 
education committee hopefully within a few weeks. We will have it ready to come to the floor. We can debate it, and the Senator from Connecticut and I can continue our discussion. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2582 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak in support of the Flake amend-ment No. 2582 that is currently pending before the body. This amendment is very simple. It simply adds a 6-year sunset to the bill. This amendment also keeps in place the liability protec-tions established by the Cyber Security and Information Sharing Act for infor-mation that is shared pursuant to the requirements of the bill. Furthermore, the amendment ensures that the re-quirements on how the information is shared under the act is to be handled remain in effect after the sunset date. 
That is all this amendment does. It 
simply sunsets the bill in 6 years, and it does so in a reasonable and respon-sible way. I believe in the sunset provi-sion. It is good for us to consider our past decisions 6 years from now, to de-termine whether what we enacted is operating well, and to debate the over-all success of the legislation that we passed 6 years prior. We ought to do that, frankly, on a lot of other legisla-tion we pass. 
I do believe the bill we are currently 
considering, as it is written, strikes the right balance. It puts in place the proper privacy protections, and I plan to support the legislation. However, it is important to make sure that we are forced to go back and evaluate it in the years to come to make sure we actu-ally got it right. Given the nature of the bill being debated before us, it is all the more important to do so in this instance. 
I would also note that this 6-year 
sunset is similar to sunset provisions that were included in both House- passed cyber security bills. So if it is in the House, we ought to have it in the Senate as well. 
Both the Protecting Cyber Networks 
Act, which passed the House by a vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.066 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7405 October 21, 2015 
of 307 to 116, and the National Cyberse-
curity Protection Advancement Act, which passed the House by a vote of 355 to 63, include a 7-year sunset. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
amendment. I think it does strengthen the bill. It ensures that we evaluate, as we should, any legislation that we pass to ensure that it is having its intended effect. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 697 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise in 
strong support of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act. Over 2 years ago, I sat down with now the late Senator Frank Lau-tenberg of New Jersey in an attempt to find compromise and to work together on updating the drastically outdated Toxic Substances Control Act. Updat-ing this law was a long-time goal and passion of Frank’s. It was a real goal of mine, although we came at it from very different directions, at least ini-tially. I am saddened Frank isn’t here with us to see it finally being brought up for consideration on the floor of the Senate. We worked closely together and forged a significant, productive, positive bipartisan compromise—the sort of work we don’t see often enough in the Senate or the Congress itself, but we got it done here, and it is a strong, positive compromise in sub-stance as well. 
After Frank’s passing, Senator T
OM 
UDALL stepped in to help preserve 
Frank’s legacy and continued working with me to move this reform forward. We have done that consistently over months and months, working on issue after issue, detail after detail, to produce a strong result. I am very proud of the substance of this result because it achieves two very important goals: On the one hand, we certainly protect health and safety and give the EPA the proper authorities to do that with regard to chemicals in commerce. On the other hand, we make sure we don’t overburden industry and put them at a disadvantage in terms of re-
maining America’s world leaders in in-novation and chemistry. We are world leaders now. We innovate, we produce new chemicals and new uses and new products on a spectacular basis, and we certainly don’t want to threaten that. Our Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act doesn’t threaten it. It enhances it, it protects health and safety, and that is why I am so proud of this bipartisan work. 
We have done that work so com-
pletely we are now in a position to pass this bill through the Senate in very 
short order. In fact, we only need 2 hours of floor time, and we need no amendment votes related to the bill in any way. That is virtually unheard of in the Senate, but it goes to the work that so many folks have done on both sides of the aisle. So with 2 hours of floor time, no amendment votes, we can pass this bill and move it on to the House. We have been in contact with the House for months, so we are very hopeful we can follow up our action with House action and a final result in relatively short order. 
Mr. President, that is why we are 
coming to the floor today, to ask unan-imous consent to establish that process in the near future—a very simple, very short process so we can get this done and achieve this result. Again, no amendment votes are necessary— whether they are germane, related or unrelated, no amendment votes are necessary—and then pass it on to the House. I certainly hope we can have that agreement to move forward in a productive fashion. 
With that, let me yield to my Demo-
cratic colleague Senator U
DALL , who 
has been such a great partner in this effort following Frank Lautenberg’s unfortunate passing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague Senator V
ITTER . It has 
been a real pleasure working with him on the Toxic Substances Control Act. I think we have brought this a long way. 
First, let me speak on the pending 
cyber security legislation, and then I will be seeking unanimous consent to process another bill. 
Protecting our national security and 
economic interests from cyber attack is a very important priority. I com-mend Senator B
URRand Senator F EIN-
STEIN for their hard work on their leg-
islation. I know they have also gone through a lot to get floor time on their bill and are working to process amend-ments. It is clear they have made a se-rious effort. I respect the chairman, vice chairman, and their staffs for their work. 
My understanding is this will pass 
with a large bipartisan majority in the Senate. As Chairman B
URRstated yes-
terday, the House has already acted on cyber security legislation. He is eager to start reconciling differences and get a bill to the President’s desk. That is what good legislators do. 
As the chairman knows, I have also 
been working for a number of years on a complicated legislative project, working with Senator V
ITTER , Senator 
INHOFE , and many other Senators of 
both parties. We are very close to the reform of the totally outdated Toxic Substances Control Act. We all know TSCA is broken. It fails to protect fam-ilies and it fails to provide confidence in consumer products. We have a chance today to change that and to show that Congress can actually get things done. I am pleased Chairman B
URRis a co-
sponsor of our legislation, along with over half of the Senate. After years of work, we are now also in a position to seek unanimous passage of TSCA re-form so we can go to conference with the House of Representatives. It has 
been a long road with lots of produc-tive debate and discussion and coopera-tion and compromise. This is a bal-anced bill, one that Republicans, Democrats, industry, and public health groups can all support moving forward. 
Not everyone loves our Senate prod-
uct, but its staunchest opponents are now ready to allow for Senate passage. We can then reconcile our bill with the House, just as Senator B
URR seeks to 
do on cyber security legislation. We have cleared this legislation on the Democratic side of the aisle with a short time agreement. My under-standing is that there is nearly unani-mous consent—unanimous signoff—on the Republican side as well. 
With that, I join with Senators V
IT-
TER and I NHOFE in asking for unani-
mous consent. I ask unanimous con-sent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the Democratic leader, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 121, S. 697; further, that the only amendment in order be a sub-stitute amendment to be offered by Senator I
NHOFE ; that there be up to 2 
hours of debate equally divided be-tween the leaders or their designees; and that following the use or yielding back of that time the Senate vote on adoption of the amendment, the bill be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. V
IT-
TER). Is there objection? 
Mr. BURR. Reserving the right to ob-
ject. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, let me say 
to the authors, I have deep respect for both of you, and you have done an in-credible job with this bill. It is one of the reasons I am a cosponsor, because it is good legislation. 
It is no surprise to the Senate that I 
have had a deep desire to add the Land and Water Conservation Fund reau-thorization, which has expired, as an amendment to this bill. I seek no time. I only seek the vehicle for an up-or- down vote and a ride—a ride that I can’t seem to get by itself. As a matter of fact, I think the authors of this bill know that I have said if somebody can offer me a stand-alone opportunity to debate and vote on the Land and Water Conservation Fund, we can unanimous consent TSCA. We can’t achieve that. I certainly don’t want to take anything away from what I think is a great bill, and I wouldn’t even require time, I would only require a vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.068 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7406 October 21, 2015 
So I would ask the authors to modify 
their unanimous consent request to in-clude a vote on the Burr-Ayotte-Ben-net amendment in relation to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Mr. BURR. I ask unanimous consent 
that the consent be modified to include a vote on the Burr-Ayotte-Bennet amendment in relation to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Is there objection to the modifica-
tion? 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, we have an oppor-tunity to update and reform the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and to do so in a way that would ensure it works more efficiently and helps solve the problems facing our Federal Gov-ernment and States. To do so, we need to pursue a few goals. 
First, more money from the LWCF 
should be sent to the States to imple-ment the worthwhile projects. When the LWCF was conceived, 60 percent of its funding was required to go to the States. That statutory requirement was removed years ago, and now just 12 percent of LWCF money is given to the States, with minimal Federal strings attached. 
Next, the LWCF should be used to 
solve, not to exacerbate, the current Federal lands maintenance backlog. The Federal Government has under-taken an impossible task in trying to manage more than 600 million acres of variant terrain dispersed across thou-sands of miles. Evidence of the Federal Government’s failure to manage its holdings is found in the $13 billion through $20 billion maintenance back-log, a number that has grown nearly every single year since President Obama has been in office. 
Since LWCF was created some 50 
years ago, Congress has appropriated nearly $17 billion to the fund, and 62 percent of this money has been spent on land acquisition, resulting in 5 mil-lion acres being added to the Federal estate. 
We should work together to improve 
the LWCF. Let’s work together to make sure that North Carolina, New Hampshire, New Mexico, and every other State in this country gets more money. Let’s work together to make sure that the Federal Government only acquires such land as it can adequately manage. 
On that basis, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest? 
Mr. BURR. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New Mexico is rec-
ognized. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, again, I 
respect Senator B
URR, but I am very disappointed in that objection. I take a 
back seat to no one in supporting the Land and Water Conservation Fund. It is extremely popular in New Mexico and critical to enabling our outdoors economy. Senator B
URR has been a 
strong leader on the LWCF. He has brought much needed attention and passion to the issue of reauthorization, and I want to work with him on that. But the current strategy of holding TSCA hostage for LWCF is not the proper one. This is the sort of thing that gives the Senate a bad reputation for dysfunction, and I do not see how it will lead to any progress on LWCF. I have not objected to Senator B
URR’s ef-
forts to pass reauthorization in the Senate. In fact, I have appraised his ef-forts. I share his frustration that a small minority of Republicans have blocked his efforts. But now, instead of one bill being blocked, we have two. Without this objection, TSCA would pass today almost unanimously after years of hard work. 
So instead of holding TSCA hostage, 
why not consider LWCF on Senator B
URR’s legislation? 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPERSTORM SANDY RELIEF AND 
DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM IM-PROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in the 
small business committee, we have been working on significant legislation that goes to disaster recovery, the Superstorm Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Improvement Act. We are ready to move that legislation and pass it through the entire Senate. 
Since Hurricane Katrina devastated 
my State of Louisiana in 2005, I have fought to support disaster victims and improve the efficiency and effective-ness of our Nation’s disaster relief and recovery efforts. I have continued this vital focus on disaster mitigation and recovery as Chairman of the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. I stand by my principle that when people are there for you, you will be there for them. Following my brief remarks, I will ask unanimous consent that the Senate pass H.R. 208, which has passed the House unani-mously, with the Vitter amendment. 
With Superstorm Sandy, similar to 
after Katrina, we continued to see—and both the GAO and IG confirmed—sig-nificant shortcomings with the SBA’s disaster loan programs, particularly application processing times and inac-curate information, which discouraged victims from applying for assistance. H.R. 208 reopens the SBA disaster loan program to those victims for one year, 
and also includes vital reforms and oversight to the SBA’s disaster loan program. This bill does not cost any-thing as the funds have already been appropriated but sit unused. 
The RISE After Disaster Act, which 
is included in my amendment, passed out of the Small Business Committee with unanimous support, and will pro-vide long-term recovery loans to small businesses through community banks after SBA disaster assistance is no longer available; direct Federal agen-cies to utilize local contractors for re-sponse and recovery efforts, rather than government contractors from Washington, DC, and other areas; ad-dress contractor malfeasance, such as the Chinese drywall crisis, by allowing homeowners and businesses to use their SBA disaster loans to remediate their property; provide incentives for innovative firms doing research and de-velopment to stay in the disaster-af-fected area, rather than move else-where; and require the SBA to take steps to establish a web portal for dis-aster assistance, whereby applicants can track the status of applications and approvals, as well as submit re-quired supporting documentation elec-tronically. 
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, 
Sandy in 2012, and Joaquin just this month—along with far too many other natural disasters—have all illustrated the devastating effects of hurricanes and flooding on our communities. As Chairman of the Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I am committed to serving small businesses across the country and ensuring that they are afforded the resources and as-sistance in order to protect themselves from and recover after disasters. 
This means rigorous oversight of the 
SBA’s disaster loan programs and ex-tensive examination of economic re-covery efforts, agency coordination, and the efficiency of disaster assist-ance delivery. Small businesses are vital to every community’s economy and serve as the major source of jobs— one great incentive to have folks re-turn after a major disaster—and is why helping them to more quickly recover is one of the most effective and bene-ficial tactics we can and should take. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 208 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 208) to improve the disaster as-
sistance programs of the Small Business Ad-ministration. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Vitter amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.070 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7407 October 21, 2015 
a third time and passed, and the mo-
tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2747) was agreed 
to. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The bill (H.R. 208), as amended, was 
ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
congratulate Senator V
ITTER on the 
passage of the bill and would remark on the support for it by Senator B
OOK-
ERand Senator M ENENDEZ on our side 
of the aisle. 
f 
ILLEGAL, UNREPORTED, AND UN-
REGULATED FISHING ENFORCE-MENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
now in turn ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 774 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 774) to strengthen enforcement 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 774) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, we 
have worked long and hard in the bi-partisan Oceans Caucus to clear this Il-legal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015. It will help fishermen on all of our coasts better withstand foreign competition that cheats, that destroys resources, and that engages in what we call pirate fishing. This is a House bill. It passed with a huge majority on the House side, and now having passed in the Sen-ate, it can go to the President for its signature. It will be good for fishermen across the country. 
I thank Senator V
ITTER for his con-
sideration and for working together to clear both of these bills this afternoon. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, assum-
ing it is not too late, I ask unanimous consent to be added as a cosponsor of that legislation as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. VITTER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, to clar-
ify the request, I ask unanimous con-sent to be added as a cosponsor of the Senate bill, which represents—excuse me, Mr. President. I withdraw the unanimous consent request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The re-
quest is withdrawn. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that if cloture is in-voked on the Burr-Feinstein substitute amendment to S. 754, the Senate then vote in relation to the Paul amend-ment No. 2564, as modified, with 10 minutes divided in the usual form prior to the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 2117, which is a 60-day extension of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, I believe the amendment number is 2717. 
Mr. UDALL. It is amendment No. 
2717. The Senator is correct. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator U
DALL . He is a cosponsor of 
the permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I came to the Senate prior to the expira-tion of the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund with the hope that my col-leagues would give it a 60-day exten-sion. It has now expired. The 60-day ex-tension on an expired act isn’t even an offer that is on the table. 
For my colleagues, let me just re-
mind you that the Land and Water Conservation Fund has been around a long time—50 years. Some say: They have $20 billion in funds; why don’t they just draw on it? It is because they receive about $900 million a year in royalties off of offshore exploration of energy. Congress in its infinite wisdom said if we are going to tap our natural resources we are going to put part of the royalties of that back into con-servation. The unfortunate thing is 
they never got the $900 million a year. Our appropriators in the Congress have seen fit to give them on average over the life of this fund about $390 million a year. 
Some of my colleagues suggest that 
there is a fund over there, the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and you could just tap it. Well, no, there isn’t. The appropriators spent that money long ago. As a matter of fact, this year it was just over $350 billion for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
So as delighted as I am that he has 
sponsored the permanent reauthoriza-tion, most Members believe that we should reauthorize this permanently. So I would ask the Senator to modify his unanimous consent request to make the amendment read that we would take up the Murkowski-Cantwell permanent extension language. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. LEE. I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 2717, as modified, which is a 1-year extension of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. BURR. I object to the last unani-
mous consent request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. BURR. And on the current unani-
mous consent request, if I can address that, reserving the right to object, again, without being repetitive, this is a 1-year extension. The beauty of the effort by Senator C
ANTWELL and Sen-
ator M URKOWSKI , a bipartisan approach 
to the Land and Water Conservation Fund, addresses exactly what Senator L
EEasked for, a reformed bill. This is 
a package that has been negotiated by Republicans and Democrats—the chair-man of the energy committee and an individual who is extremely invested in the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
So I would once again ask the Sen-
ator to modify his unanimous consent request to make that amendment read that we move to the Murkowski-Cant-well permanent extension language. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. LEE. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest? 
Mr. BURR. I object, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I can’t 
tell you how disappointed I am. The Senator from North Carolina objects to making an unrelated amendment to his bill, but he insists on one to ours. It seems we are at a standoff—a standoff with a bipartisan TSCA reform that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.073 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7408 October 21, 2015 
has already moved through the Senate. 
We have done incredible work on this with Senator I
NHOFE , Senator V ITTER , 
and 60 cosponsors who are ready to roll with this with a very short timeline, and yet we have this objection. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund reauthorization also has a strong majority of the Senate in favor. Fifty- three Senators signed a letter led by Senator B
URR recently, and I am con-
fident there are over 60 supporters for this. I am also confident that we will reauthorize and continue to fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund. As the ranking Democrat on the interior subcommittee, that is an extremely high priority for me. But for some rea-son, TSCA is being held up by demands for a vote on unrelated Land and Water Conservation Fund legislation. I don’t see how this would help matters. This dysfunctional situation is what gives the Senate a bad name. 
Again, I respect Senator B
URR. I 
know he does not seek a dysfunctional Senate. On the contrary, I have watched him do his best to get the Sen-ate to function on this important cyber security legislation. But this calls out for leadership and cooperation, not ul-timatums. I will keep doing what I can to continue the conversation and bring people together on a path forward. 
TSCA reform is ready. We will be 
back one way or another. We will pass in the Senate this bill. We will resolve our differences with the House, and this critical reform will go to the President’s desk. With that, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator U
DALL for his work on TSCA. 
His description is pretty accurate. I am doing what the Senate historically has always done, allowing any Member of the Senate to exercise their authority as a Member of this austere body to amend any piece of legislation, and the Senate has functioned for a long time based upon that. It is just recently that we have not allowed that to be exer-cised. In other words, one Senator can’t come to the floor and offer an amendment. He can’t come to the floor and propound a unanimous consent re-quest without objection. It has to change. I dare say that TSCA has over-whelming support and so does the Land and Water Conservation Fund. For us to get functional we have to return to where we expect Members to come. I have nongermane amendments on the cyber security bill, and they would all receive a vote if somebody hadn’t ob-jected, and we would actually see the Senate process exactly like it is sup-posed to, where if a nongermane amendment has 60 votes in favor of it, then it is added. I am not scared to have nongermane amendments on my bill. I have them, and because of some-body’s fear, they will get knocked off and two Members of the Senate, a Re-publican and a Democrat, will not get their day to have a vote on their bill. I don’t object to the Land and Water 
Conservation Fund being a part of it, as I just expressed. What I object to and what I am disappointed about is that there would be an offer to do a 60- day extension or a 1-year extension from a Member that I know supports permanent reauthorization, because this whole deal on TSCA is to make me look bad. Well, you know what; so be it. I am willing to accept it. I have had the hounds sicced on me. We are at a point now where there is no damage you can do, and what we saw was a nice orchestrated process that was supposed to make me back down. 
It is not going to happen. I believe in 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The Senate will take it up, whether it is on this bill or another bill or as stand-alone bill. 
And let me just say to my good 
friend that what we are doing has not been a surprise. I shared with all the authors of this bill that I am going to amend it. I am going to amend it with this. So I hope he agrees that I am not trying to pull a swift one. I have been straight up on this since the beginning, and I will continue to press for it. 
Here is the solution. Allow us to have 
a debate on the Land and Water Con-servation Fund permanent reauthoriza-tion on the floor of the Senate with an up-or-down vote. If we don’t get 60 votes, it doesn’t pass. That is the way the Senate is. If Members want this bill or any other bill passed, it is very sim-ple. Let’s get the process back like it is supposed to be, and with one assurance: that we will get an opportunity to de-bate the Land and Water Conservation Fund and have a vote. I am a cosponsor of your bill. I will lift my objection, my attempt to try to amend it, and we will pass it by unanimous consent. It is that simple, and there is described the history of how the Senate has always worked. Let’s get back to it. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 1:45 p.m. tomorrow, Thursday, October 22, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 339, 340, 341, and 342; that the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the nominations; that following disposition of the nomi-nations the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of 
the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PERKINS LOAN PROGRAM 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to urge my col-leagues to act to reauthorize the Per-kins Loan Program—the Nation’s old-est Federal student loan program and a critical lifeline for thousands of low-in-come students with exceptional need. 
This crucial program has the support 
of many higher education groups, in-cluding the Association of American Universities, the National Association of Independent Colleges and Univer-sities, the American Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities, the National Association of Financial Aid Administrators, the Coalition of High-er Education Assistance Organizations and many others—as well as dozens of individual colleges and universities across the country. Despite this broad support, funding for Perkins Loans ex-pired on October 1. 
While our colleagues in the House 
unanimously approved the Higher Edu-cation Extension Act—which would ex-tend the Perkins Loan Program for 1 year—the Senate has yet to act. And that inaction has left thousands of cur-rent and future students scrambling to figure out how to pay for school and in-stitutions struggling to find another way to help students afford their edu-cation. 
This program has existed with broad 
bipartisan support since 1958 and has provided more than $28 billion in loans to students in all 50 States. In the 2013– 2014 academic year alone, more than 539,000 new and returning students ben-efited from the Perkins Loans Pro-gram—including 46,065 students in Cali-fornia. 
Unlike the Federal direct lending 
programs, Federal Perkins loans are made and then repaid to the individual university. They are offered at a low, fixed rate of 5 percent—and repayment doesn’t begin for 9 months after a stu-dent graduates, giving them enough time to get on their feet. The program also includes important loan forgive-ness opportunities for those who decide to enter public service after grad-uating. 
This program particularly helps stu-
dents who have tapped out all other Federal student aid options and still face a gap in paying for school or other expenses. It helps students bridge that funding hole so they don’t have to turn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.076 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7409 October 21, 2015 
to expensive private loans—which don’t 
have the same protections as Federal student loans. 
But without this program, the Cali-
fornia State Student Association esti-mates that more than 3,400 students in the California State university system alone could be forced to take out pri-vate loans or delay graduation. 
Student loan debt now exceeds $1 
trillion. That’s more than credit card debt. It’s more than auto loans. In fact, it is second only to mortgage debt in this country. We owe it to current and future students to make sure college is as affordable as possible. That is what the Higher Education Extension Act and the Perkins Loan Program do. 
We have no time to spare now. Let’s 
get back on track and take up the ex-tension bill that the House already passed and ensure our students are not left in the lurch. Thank you. 
f 
STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND 
PROTECT AMERICANS ACT 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, from 
January through August of 2014, over 8,100 aliens that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement had identified for deportation were released back into our communities by sanctuary jurisdic-tions. Over 5,000 of those released had a criminal history. In that same time pe-riod, 1,900 of those 8,100 went on to be charged with another 7,500 crimes. 
These are crimes that would not have 
been committed had local authorities cooperated with Federal authorities in enforcing our laws. 
This summer, everyone heard the 
case of Kate Steinle who was shot and killed in San Francisco by an illegal immigrant who had seven felony con-victions and had been deported five times. Rather than turn him over to ICE, San Francisco released him, al-lowing him to commit more crimes. This guy even admitted that he was in San Francisco because their liberal laws would protect him. 
While this one case received the 
media attention it deserved, many other preventable crimes don’t. 
For example, the city of Los Angeles 
released one immigrant who had been arrested for the continuous sexual abuse of a child. ICE wanted custody of this deviant. ICE tried to get custody of him. However, rather than hand him over to Federal law enforcement and get this guy out of our country and away from our children, Los Angeles ignored ICE’s detainer and released him. He was later arrested for sodomy of a victim under 10 years old. Another child became a victim of this predator because liberal policies would rather release him into our communities then get him out of our country. 
This year, sanctuary cities have al-
ready released more than 9,000 criminal aliens from jail and these criminals are committing more crimes. 
In California, an immigrant was ar-
rested for battery last year, but in-stead of turning him over to ICE, the local sheriff released him. This July, 
he raped and beat a 64-year-old woman so severely that she died 8 days later— yet another preventable death due to the intentional failure of a jurisdiction to comply with federal law. 
How many more do we have to have 
before people realize what these poli-cies are doing to our communities? Over 300 States, cities, and counties have sanctuary laws, ordinances, or policies that protect criminals and hurt the innocent. These jurisdictions continue to receive money from the Federal Government even though they continue to ignore Federal laws and re-buff Federal agencies working to en-force the laws. 
Enough is enough. I believe that, if a jurisdiction choos-
es not to cooperate with federal law en-forcement, they should not be the ben-eficiary of federal grants. This is why I cosponsored S. 2146, the Stop Sanc-tuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, which my colleagues on the other side of the aisle filibustered. It is why I have cosponsored similar legislation introduced by Senator S
ESSIONS . 
Unfortunately, others would rather 
let politics come before doing what they know is right and failed to protect our communities from further victim-ization. When the proper enforcement of current law could save lives and pro-tect the innocent, how could you not vote to do so? 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING TECHNICAL SER-
GEANT STEPHANIE M CLAUGHLIN 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today 
we honor the life and service of TSgt Stephanie McLaughlin, whose passing signifies a great loss to both our State and country. I send my condolences and prayers to her parents, Sharon and Fred; her partner, Harold Kiesling; and the rest of her family in this time of mourning. Technical Sergeant McLaughlin was an incredible service-member, going above and beyond to de-fend our freedom and uplift the local military community. She was an in-valuable member of the Nevada family, and her service will never be forgotten. 
Technical Sergeant McLaughlin was 
born on April 27, 1974, and attended North Hunterdon High School in New Jersey, where she graduated in 1992. She joined the U.S. Air Force in 1993 and then the New Jersey Air National Guard in 1997. Throughout her career, she served at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia; the Pentagon, Washington, DC; McMurdo Station, Antarctica; Ramstein Air Base, Germany; and Car-son City Joint Force Headquarters, Ne-vada. She worked for several two, three, and four star generals during her service, including Maj. Gen. Ron J. Bath, retired. Most recently, she served as confidential assistant to the adjunct general of Nevada, Brig. Gen. William Burk. Her efficiency in her work and devotion to her job could never be rep-
licated. 
Throughout her service, Technical 
Sergeant McLaughlin was awarded nu-merous accolades, including the Meri-torious Service Medal, four Air Reserve Forces Meritorious Service Medals, the Air Force Commendation Medal, and two Air Force Achievement Medals. I am grateful the Nevada family was given the opportunity to work with Technical Sergeant McLaughlin and learn by her example. 
She embodied only the greatest of 
Nevada’s values with passion, fearless-ness, and drive that made her a re-markable individual. Her legacy of em-pathy and determination will echo on for years to come throughout the Sil-ver State. She was one of a kind, and we are lucky to have had such a strong individual working within our State. We will always remember her for her courageous contributions to the United States of America. My office enjoyed working alongside Technical Sergeant McLaughlin, and I am thankful for all of her hard work and dedication to vet-erans across Nevada. She was always the first one to volunteer in helping others, which was shown both through-out her career and throughout her time working in the local community. 
Technical Sergeant McLaughlin was 
a shining example in Nevada’s military community and put forth a tremendous effort working with the Nevada Mili-tary Support Alliance. She deeply cared for veterans across the State, bringing together hundreds of Nevad-ans to support our wounded and fallen warriors, their families, and loved ones. Technical Sergeant McLaughlin sacrificed countless hours helping plan events and fundraisers in support of our State’s heroes. I had the pleasure of attending multiple Nevada Military Support Alliance galas planned by Technical Sergeant McLaughlin and have seen firsthand the incredible im-pact she had on Nevadans, active mili-tary servicemembers, and veterans. The footprint she left on this commu-nity will be felt for years to come. 
Throughout her life, Technical Ser-
geant McLaughlin demonstrated un-paralleled selflessness, both in defend-ing our Nation and in supporting her fellow servicemembers. Her patriotism and drive will never be forgotten. Today, I join the Nevada family in celebrating the life of an upstanding Nevadan, TSgt Stephanie McLaughlin. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING KANSAS CITY 
KANSAS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
∑Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Kansas City Kansas Commu-nity College and its efforts to support innovation and entrepreneurship by launching 100 Garages, an initiative of the KCKCC Innovation Center to con-nect area inventors with local makers who can help translate ideas into prod-ucts. The initiative enables local mak-ers who have skills and equipment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.040 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7410 October 21, 2015 
assist those with ideas and inventions 
by helping them find each other through an online database and other avenues. Additionally, as part of this initiative, KCKCC is launching a class to guide potential inventors from the idea phase through patent searches, li-censing, prototyping, and product cre-ation to market and revenue genera-tion. 
The story of America is a story of en-
trepreneurs—individuals who took great risks to pursue their dreams. These entrepreneurs built the founda-tion of the American economy from its earliest days by pushing forward inno-vative solutions to some of the world’s most pressing challenges. Innovation by entrepreneurs not only improves our lives, but also results in the cre-ation of countless new jobs and oppor-tunities for Americans. 
Many of our favorite and most inspir-
ing stories about innovation and entre-preneurship are those that trace their beginnings to the family garage. Many Fortune 500 companies, such as Ford, Apple, and General Electric, got their start with passionate, committed indi-viduals, a promising idea, and a great deal of hard work. Often, the greatest barrier to creating something innova-tive and transformative is bringing to-gether people and their respective po-tentials. I commend KCKCC for its ef-forts to promote innovation and the spirit of entrepreneurship in Kansas City, Wyandotte County, the State of Kansas, and the region. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING COOK ME 
SOMETHIN’ MISTER 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, often-
times small businesses are grown out of a desire to help folks in their com-munities. It is especially encouraging to see this after a catastrophic natural disaster. As we honor National Wom-en’s Small Business Week, I would like to recognize Cook Me Somethin’ Mister of New Orleans, LA, as Small Business of the Week. 
In 2005, in the wake of Hurricane 
Katrina’s devastation, a recent college graduate named Kristen Preau was ap-proached by her employer, the Univer-sity of New Orleans Athletic Depart-ment, to come up with a way to gen-erate much-needed funding for the school. Preau took to what she knew best: her family’s beloved jambalaya recipe. Raising $100,000 in just 3 months at college tailgating events across the country, Preau knew she had a hit. Over the next few years, Preau—known for much of her life as the ‘‘Jambalaya Girl’’—perfected and expanded her seasonings, which were selling as quickly as they were stocked on the shelves of local grocery stores. Having roots firmly planted in the Louisiana culinary scene, Preau’s family were some of the first folks to cook and serve jambalaya at the French Quarter Fest in New Orleans’s famous Jackson Square. The family also enjoyed a close relationship with the late, world fa-mous Cajun Chef Paul Prudhomme who 
had a hand in blending the ‘‘Jambalaya Girl’s’’ seasonings. 
Today, Preau’s operation has grown 
into full-time endeavor with five full- time employees producing the ‘‘Jamba-laya Girl’s’’ products in her hometown of New Orleans. Enjoying great suc-cess, Kristen and her jambalaya have gained national recognition and was re-cently named a Top 100 Small Business in the country for 2015 by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Louisiana Small Business Administration’s, SBA, Women in Business Champion, and the Women’s Business Enterprise Council, WBEC, South Role Model of the Year for 2014, among others. 
Congratulations again to Cook Me 
Somethin’ Mister for being selected as Small Business of the Week, and thank you for your inspiration for woman en-trepreneurs across Louisiana. I look forward to seeing your continued growth and success. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HEALTHE HABITS 
FOR LIVING 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I imag-
ine most Americans are familiar with the importance of making healthful living choices. In honor of National Women’s Small Business Month, I would like to recognize Healthe Habits for Living of Lafayette, LA, as Small Business of the Week for their commit-ment to helping folks reach and main-tain healthy lifestyles. 
In 2007, after a personal battle with 
medical issues, Jill Hurley opened Healthe Habits for Living with the mis-sion to help train, coach, and advise other adults in the appropriate skills for exercise, nutrition, and mental strategies to live a healthy lifestyle. Putting her education to work in order to develop a unique approach to bat-tling heart disease, Jill has become ac-customed to the physical and mental challenges of individuals suffering from heart disease. To complement their life skills counseling in nutrition and long- term mental success strategies, Jill and her team of physical and occupa-tional therapists also provide physical strength training to their patients, en-couraging and enabling a balanced ac-tive lifestyle that parallels healthier life changes. 
Named the Small Business Adminis-
tration’s, SBA, 2011 Women in Business Champion for Louisiana, Jill’s proven endeavor to assist others in reaching their healthy living goals has expanded to three successful locations across south Louisiana and currently employs an all-female staff of six physical and occupational therapists. Since opening her first location, Jill has continuously hired some of the most qualified and successful therapists in Louisiana, and she encourages her staff to further their educational training as they build outstanding careers in the ther-apy field. 
Women-owned small businesses have 
an unequivocal impact on our commu-nities and the lives of those who need 
assistance the most, and Healthe Hab-its for Living is a testament to the ex-traordinary achievements of women entrepreneurs across America. Con-gratulations again to Lafayette’s own, Healthe Habits for Living for being se-lected as Small Business of the Week, and thank you for your commitment to tackling health issues in your commu-nity head-on. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING 2 SISTERS’ SALSA 
COMPANY 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, family- 
owned small businesses provide parents a one-of-a-kind opportunity to teach their children the value of hard work and taking risks to pursue one’s dreams. This is especially true for 2 Sisters’ Salsa Company, which started as a kitchen conversation between fam-ily friends and has since grown into a successful women-owned venture. In honor of National Woman’s Small Busi-ness Month, I would like to recognize 2 Sisters’ Salsa of Plaucheville, LA, as this week’s Small Business of the Week. 
2 Sisters’ Salsa Company began when 
family friends, the Deshotels and Bordelons, began occasionally making salsa in their kitchen. After a couple of batches, they began to refine their rec-ipe until they created a finished prod-uct to their liking. They soon realized that their salsa had immense potential, so they began jarring and labeling their product for store shelves, which was receiving excellent reviews from friends and family. As the company grew, the need for an original name be-came critical to the development of their small business. They settled upon 2 Sisters’ Salsa in honor of the two sets of sisters of the Deshotels and Bordelon families. With a new name and growing clientele, the daughters of the two fam-ilies went from being the namesake of 2 Sisters’ Salsa Company to full-time employees, helping their parents with production and sale of their salsa prod-ucts. 
Today, 2 Sisters’ Salsa has expanded 
from the Deshotels’ kitchen to a new facility in Avoylles Parish producing 5,000 salsa products a day. As the reign-ing world champion for the medium salsa category, 2 Sisters’ Salsa can be found in over 100 restaurants and retail locations. 
The hard work and creativity of Pat-
rick and Brooke Deshotels; Jason and Stacy Bordelon; and their daughters Sara, Emily, Shellie, and Rayne cer-tainly deserve recognition, especially as we celebrate National Women’s Small Business Month. Congratula-tions again to this week’s Small Busi-ness of the Week, 2 Sisters’ Salsa Com-pany, and I wish you continued suc-cess. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.006 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7411 October 21, 2015 
the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his 
secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY ORIGINALLY DECLARED IN EX-ECUTIVE ORDER 13413 OF OCTO-BER 27, 2006, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITUATION IN OR IN RELA-TION TO THE DEMOCRATIC RE-PUBLIC OF THE CONGO—PM 29 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond Oc-tober 27, 2015. 
The situation in or in relation to the 
Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has been marked by widespread violence and atrocities that continue to threaten regional stability, con-tinues to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13413 with re-spect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 21, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on October 20, 
2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1735. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) on October 20, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 12:30 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 2162. An act to establish a 10–year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1315. An act to amend section 1105(a) 
of title 31, United States Code, to require that annual budget submissions of the Presi-dent to Congress provide an estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1428. An act to extend Privacy Act 
remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3350. An act to require a terrorism 
threat assessment regarding the transpor-tation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3493. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish the Secur-ing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that post a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3572. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the De-partment’s efforts to implement better pol-icy, planning, management, and perform-ance, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1315. An act to amend section 1105(a) 
of title 31, United States Code, to require that annual budget submissions of the Presi-dent to Congress provide an estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. 
H.R. 1428. An act to extend Privacy Act 
remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3350. An act to require a terrorism 
threat assessment regarding the transpor-tation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
H.R. 3493. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish the Secur-ing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3572. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the De-partment’s efforts to implement better pol-icy, planning, management, and perform-ance, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 2193. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3199. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–3200. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, five (5) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Defense, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3201. A communication from the Assist-
ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regu-latory Capital Rules: Implementation of Risk-Based Capital Surcharges for Global Systemically Important Bank Holding Com-panies’’ ((RIN7100–AE26) (12 CFR Parts 208 and 217)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3202. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 on November 14, 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3203. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 on April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3204. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.016 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7412 October 21, 2015 
Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-
suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to the Unverified List (UVL)’’ (RIN0694–AG72) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President 
of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–3205. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Export Administration Regulations to Include Continuation of Emergency Declared in Executive Order 13224’’ (RIN0694–AG75) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2015; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3206. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Disturbance Monitoring and Reporting Requirements Re-liability Standard’’ ((RIN1902–AF02) (Docket No. RM15–4–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–3207. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: The 2016 Critical Use Exemption from the Phaseout of Methyl Bromide’’ ((RIN2060– AS44) (FRL No. 9935–69–OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3208. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-propen-1-aminium, N,N-dimethyl-N- propenyl-, chloride, homopolymer; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9933–98) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3209. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Air Act Redesignation Sub-stitute for the Houston-Galveston-Brazoria 1-hour Ozone Nonattainment Area; Texas’’ (FRL No. 9935–68–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3210. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Albuquerque/Bernalillo County; Revisions to State Boards and Conflict of Interest Provi-sions’’ (FRL No. 9935–53–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 13, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3211. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Michigan; 2006 PM2.5 and 2008 Lead NAAQS State Board In-frastructure SIP Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9935–63–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-
dent of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3212. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘High Frequency Program: Application Guidance for Functional Confirmation and Fragility Evaluation’’ received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3213. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Mississippi River/Gulf of Mex-ico Watershed Nutrient Task Force: 2015 Re-port to Congress’’; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3214. A communication from the In-
spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare Payments for Clinical Laboratory Tests in 2014: Base-line Data’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3215. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Collection of Administrative Debts’’ (RIN0960–AH36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3216. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Recovery Auditing in Medicare for Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3217. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Information Re-porting on Minimum Essential Coverage’’ (Notice 2015–68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3218. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Assistance for Palestinian Security Forces and Benchmarks for Palestinian Security Assistance Funds’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3219. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0103—2015–0116); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3220. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Visas: Pro-cedures for Issuing Visas’’ (RIN1400–AD84) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3221. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Environmental Policy Act; Environmental Assessments for Tobacco Products; Categorical Exclusions’’ (Docket No. FDA–2013–N–1282) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 5, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3222. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-
tled ‘‘Federal Student Loan Repayment Pro-gram Calendar Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3223. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Scup Fishery; Adjustment to the 2015 Winter II Quota’’ (RIN0648–XE156) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3224. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; At-lantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE113) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3225. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Account-ability Measure and Closure for South Atlan-tic Snowy Grouper’’ (RIN0648–XE181) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3226. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Account-ability Measure and Closure for South Atlan-tic Vermilion Snapper’’ (RIN0648–XE186) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3227. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pe-lagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Trip Limit Reduction’’ (RIN0648–XD779) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3228. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reapportionment of the 2015 Gulf of Alaska Pacific Halibut Prohibited Species Catch Limits for the Trawl Deep-Water and Shallow-Water Fishery Categories’’ (RIN0648–XE180) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3229. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Trip Limit Adjustment for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE155) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3230. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.004 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7413 October 21, 2015 
States; Bluefish Fishery and Summer Floun-
der Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the State of Massachusetts’’ (RIN0648– XE189) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3231. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial and Rec-reational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Ac-tions No. 30 Through No. 36’’ (RIN0648–XE187) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3232. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Proc-essors Using Trawl Gear in the Western Reg-ulatory Area of the Gulf of Mexico’’ (RIN0648–XE174) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3233. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Chief Financial Offi-cer, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3234. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Secu-rity Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Improving 911 Reli-ability; Reliability and Continuity of com-munications Networks, Including Broadband Technologies’’ ((FCC 15–95) (PS Docket Nos. 13–75 and 11–60)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3235. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief of the Auctions and Spectrum Ac-cess Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for Com-petitive Bidding in Auction 1000, Including Initial Clearing Target Determinations, Qualifying to Bid, and Bidding in Auctions 1001 (Reverse) and 1002 (Forward)’’ ((FCC 15– 78) (AU Docket No. 14–252, GN Docket No. 12– 268, WT Docket No. 12–269, and MB Docket No. 15–146)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3236. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment to the Commis-sion’s Rules Concerning Market Modifica-tion; Implementation of Section 102 of the STELA Reauthorization Act of 2014’’ ((FCC 15–111) (MB Docket No. 15–71)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3237. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement: Drug- and Al-cohol-Free Workforce and Mission Critical Systems Personnel Reliability Program’’ (RIN2700–AE17) received in the Office of the 
President of the Senate on October 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative and 
Oversight Activities During the 113th Con-gress by the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs’’ (Rept. No. 114–156). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and 
Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 2187. A bill to establish a third-party 
quality system assessment program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ): 
S. 2188. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the humanitarian device exemption; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. 
H
ELLER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. T ESTER , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. 
RISCH): 
S. 2189. A bill to reauthorize the Federal 
Land Transaction Facilitation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. TESTER: 
S. 2190. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to establish a scholarship program for educators of rural students and provide for loan forgiveness for rural edu-cators, to amend the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to provide pro-fessional development grants for rural ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 2191. A bill to establish Federal-State 
higher education financing partnerships to drive down the cost of tuition for millions of American students; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 2192. A bill to ensure that States submit 
all records of individuals who should be pro-hibited from buying a firearm to the na-tional instant criminal background check system; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. P ERDUE ): 
S. 2193. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes; read the first time. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. N EL-
SON, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. KING, Mr. K AINE, Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. 
CARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
PERDUE , Ms. W ARREN , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): 
S. Res. 291. A resolution honoring the lives 
of the 33 crew members aboard the El Faro ; 
considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 235, a bill to provide for wild-fire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
479, a bill to amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate ap-peals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1473 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1473, a bill to authorize the appro-priation of funds to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention for con-ducting or supporting research on fire-arms safety or gun violence prevention. 
S. 1491 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1491, a bill to provide sen-sible relief to community financial in-stitutions, to protect consumers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to provide for enhanced Federal efforts con-cerning the prevention, education, treatment, and research activities re-lated to Lyme disease and other tick- borne diseases, including the establish-ment of a Tick-Borne Diseases Advi-sory Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.006 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7414 October 21, 2015 
S. 1518 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1518, a bill to make exclusive the authority of the Federal Government to regulate the labeling of products made in the United States and intro-duced in interstate or foreign com-merce, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1631 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1631, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify certain provisions relat-ing to multiemployer pensions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for sus-pension and removal of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1964 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1964, a bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act to invest in funding preven-tion and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home with their families, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1972 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1972, a bill to require air carriers to modify certain policies with respect to the use of epinephrine for in- flight emergencies, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to 
allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2034 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2034, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional ag-gravating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the victim. 
S. 2041 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2041, a bill to promote the devel-opment of safe drugs for neonates. 
S. 2066 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2066, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Connecticut 
(Mr. B LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from 
Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2123, a bill to reform sentencing laws and cor-rectional institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2137 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2137, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide a period for the relocation of spouses and dependents of certain members of the Armed Forces undergoing a perma-nent change of station in order to ease and facilitate the relocation of mili-tary families. 
S. 2148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent an increase in the Medicare part B premium and de-ductible in 2016. 
S. 2170 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of tele-medicine, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolu-
tion supporting the Local Radio Free-dom Act. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued vio-lation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 274 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 274, a resolution commemorating the 25th anniversary of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Ger-many. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2548 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2548 proposed to S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2564 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2564 proposed to S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 291—HON-
ORING THE LIVES OF THE 33 CREW MEMBERS ABOARD THE ‘‘EL FARO’’ 
Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. K ING, 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C OONS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
PERDUE , Ms. W ARREN , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 291 
Whereas the El Faro departed Jacksonville, 
Florida for Puerto Rico on September 29, 2015, with 33 crew members aboard; 
Whereas the crew of the El Faro on Sep-
tember 29, 2015, consisted of 28 citizens of the United States and 5 Polish nationals; 
Whereas the El Faro sent distress alerts on 
October 1, 2015; 
Whereas members of the Coast Guard, 
Navy, and Air Force valiantly searched for the crew members of the El Faro ; and 
Whereas the people of the United States 
mourn the loss of the 33 seamen aboard the El Faro : Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes and honors the lives of the 33 
crew members aboard the El Faro who were 
lost after the El Faro departed on September 
29, 2015; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.012 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7415 October 21, 2015 
(2) recognizes the valiant search efforts of 
the members of the Coast Guard, Navy, and Air Force who searched for the crew mem-bers of the El Faro ; and 
(3) offers heartfelt condolences to the fam-
ily, friends, and loved ones of the crew mem-bers of the El Faro . 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2720. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR 
(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill 
S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2721. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2722. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2723. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2724. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2725. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2726. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2727. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2728. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2729. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2730. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2731. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. G RAHAM ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Ms. Ayotte to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2732. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2733. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR 
(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill 
S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2734. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR 
(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill 
S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2735. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR 
(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill 
S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2736. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table . 
SA 2737. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR 
(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill 
S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2738. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 pro-posed by Mr. B
URR (for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2739. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2740. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2741. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2742. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2743. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2744. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
GRASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2745. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and 
Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2746. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2747. Mr. VITTER proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 208, to improve the dis-aster assistance programs of the Small Busi-ness Administration. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2720. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 9, insert ‘‘make reasonable 
efforts to’’ before ‘‘review’’. 
On page 16, line 11, strike ‘‘knows’’ and in-
sert ‘‘reasonably believes’’. 
On page 16, line 17, insert ‘‘identify and’’ 
before ‘‘remove’’. 
On page 16, line 19, strike ‘‘knows’’ and in-
sert ‘‘reasonably believes’’. 
SA 2721. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-
security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR 
THE DATA BREACH OF THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) D
ATA BREACH .—The term ‘‘data breach’’ 
means the data breach of systems of the Of-fice of Personnel Management that occurred during fiscal year 2015 which resulted in the theft of sensitive information of at least 21,500,000 Federal employees and their fami-lies. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later 
than 30 days after date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and make available to the public a report that— 
(1) identifies the perpetrator, including any 
state sponsor, of the data breach; 
(2) includes a plan to impose penalties on 
such perpetrator under United States law; and 
(3) describes a strategy to initiate diplo-
matic discussions with any state sponsor of the data breach. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of any individual perpe-
trator of the data breach, by name and na-tionality. 
(2) Identification of any state sponsor of 
the data breach, including each agency of the government of the state sponsor that was responsible for authorizing, performing, or endorsing the data breach. 
(3) A description of the actions proposed to 
penalize each individual identified under paragraph (1) under United States law. 
(4) The strategy required by subsection 
(a)(3) shall include— 
(A) a description of any action the Presi-
dent has undertaken to initiate or carry out diplomatic discussions with any state spon-sor identified under paragraph (2); and 
(B) a strategy to initiate or carry out dip-
lomatic discussions in high-level forums and interactions during the 180-day period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2722. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through 
enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . BIENNIAL CYBER REVIEW. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REVIEW .—Beginning 
in 2016 and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, the President shall complete a review of the cyber posture of the United States, including an unclassi-fied summary of roles, missions, accomplish-ments, plans, and programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.017 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7416 October 21, 2015 
(b) P URPOSES .—The purposes of each such 
review are— 
(1) to assess the cyber security of the 
United States; 
(2) to determine and express the cyber 
strategy of the United States; and 
(3) to establish a revised cyber program for 
the next 2-year period. 
(c) C ONTENT .—Each review required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a comprehensive examination of the 
cyber strategy, force structure, personnel, modernization plans, infrastructure, and budget plan of the United States; 
(2) an assessment of the ability of the 
United States to recover from a cyber emer-gency; 
(3) an assessment of other elements of the 
cyber program of the United States; 
(4) an assessment of critical national secu-
rity infrastructure and data that is vulner-able to cyberattacks and cybertheft; and 
(5) an assessment of international engage-
ment efforts to establish viable norms of be-havior in cyberspace to implement the 2011 International Strategy for Cyberspace. 
(d) I
NVOLVEMENT OF CYBERSECURITY ADVI-
SORY PANEL .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT TO INFORM .—The Presi-
dent shall inform the Cybersecurity Advi-sory Panel established or designated under section lll , on an ongoing basis, of the ac-
tions carried out to conduct each review re-quired by subsection (a). 
(2) A
SSESSMENT PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF  
REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year prior to the 
date of completion of each review required by subsection (a), the Chairman of the Cy-bersecurity Advisory Panel shall submit to the President, the assessment of such Panel of actions carried out to conduct the review as of the date of the submission, including any recommendations of the Panel for im-provements to the review or for additional matters to be covered in the review. 
(3) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPLETED REVIEW .—At 
the time each review required by subsection (a) is completed and in time to be included in a report required by subsection (d), the Chairman of the Cybersecurity Advisory Panel shall submit to the President, on be-half of the Panel, an assessment of such re-view. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a comprehensive report on each review required by subsection (a). Each report shall include— 
(1) the results of the review, including a 
comprehensive discussion of the cyber strat-egy of the United States and the collabora-tion between the public and private sectors best suited to implement that strategy; 
(2) a description of the threats examined 
for purposes of the review and the scenarios developed in the examination of such threats; 
(3) the assumptions used in the review, in-
cluding assumptions relating to the coopera-tion of other countries and levels of accept-able risk; and 
(4) the assessment of the Cybersecurity Ad-
visory Panel submitted under subsection (c)(3). 
SEC. lll . CYBERSECURITY ADVISORY PANEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall es-
tablish or designate a Cybersecurity Advi-sory Panel. 
(b) A
PPOINTMENT .—The President— 
(1) shall appoint as members of the Cyber-
security Advisory Panel representatives of industry, academic, nonprofit organizations, interest groups, and advocacy organizations, and State and local governments who are qualified to provide advice and information on cybersecurity research, development, demonstrations, education, personnel, tech-
nology transfer, commercial application, or societal and civil liberty concerns; 
(2) shall appoint a Chairman of the Panel 
from among the members of the Panel; and 
(3) may seek and give consideration to rec-
ommendations for appointments to the Panel from Congress, industry, the cyberse-curity community, the defense community, State and local governments, and other ap-propriate organizations. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The Cybersecurity Advisory 
Panel shall advise the President on matters relating to the national cybersecurity pro-gram and strategy and shall assess— 
(1) trends and developments in cybersecu-
rity science research and development; 
(2) progress made in implementing the 
strategy; 
(3) the need to revise the strategy; (4) the readiness and capacity of the Fed-
eral and national workforces to implement the national cybersecurity program and strategy, and the steps necessary to improve workforce readiness and capacity; 
(5) the balance among the components of 
the national strategy, including funding for program components; 
(6) whether the strategy, priorities, and 
goals are helping to maintain United States leadership and defense in cybersecurity; 
(7) the management, coordination, imple-
mentation, and activities of the strategy; 
(8) whether the concerns of Federal, State, 
and local law enforcement entities are ade-quately addressed; and 
(9) whether societal and civil liberty con-
cerns are adequately addressed. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than 
once every 4 years, the Cybersecurity Advi-sory Panel shall submit to the President a report on its assessments under subsection (c) and its recommendations for ways to im-prove the strategy. 
(e) T
RAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL  
MEMBERS .—Non-Federal members of the Cy-
bersecurity Advisory Panel, while attending meetings of the Panel or while otherwise serving at the request of the head of the Panel while away from their homes or reg-ular places of business, may be allowed trav-el expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals in the Government serving without pay. Noth-ing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the Panel who are offi-cers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with law. 
(f) E
XEMPTION FROM FACA S UNSET .—Sec-
tion 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Cy-bersecurity Advisory Panel. 
SA 2723. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and 
Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 408. AUDIT OF USE OF DEA ADMINISTRA-
TIVE SUBPOENA AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice shall perform an audit of the effectiveness and use, including any improper or illegal use, of subpoenas issued pursuant to section 506 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 876). 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The audit required 
under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an examination of the use of subpoenas 
issued pursuant to section 506 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 876) during calendar years 2012 through 2014; 
(2) a description of any noteworthy facts or 
circumstances relating to such use, includ-ing any improper or illegal use of such au-thority; and 
(3) an examination of the effectiveness of 
subpoenas issued pursuant to section 506 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 876) as an investigative tool, including— 
(A) the manner in which information ac-
quired pursuant to such subpoenas is col-lected, retained, analyzed, and disseminated by the Department of Justice, including any direct access to such information (such as access to raw data) provided to any other de-partment, agency, or instrumentality of the Federal Government, State, local, or tribal governments, or any private sector entity; 
(B) whether, and how often, such informa-
tion was used in civil and criminal pro-ceedings; and 
(C) whether, and how often, the Depart-
ment of Justice used such information to produce an analytical intelligence product for distribution within the Department of Justice to the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) or to any other department, agency, or instrumentality of the Federal Government or of a State, local, or tribal government. 
(c) S
UBMISSION DATES .— 
(1) P RIOR YEARS .—The Inspector General of 
the Department of Justice shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the results of the audit conducted under this section for calendar years 2012 through 2014 not later than the earlier of— 
(A) 1 year after the date of enactment of 
this Act; or 
(B) the date on which the audit required 
under this section for calendar years 2012 through 2014 is completed. 
(2) C
ALENDAR YEARS 2015 THROUGH 2017 .—The 
Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report containing the results of the audit conducted under this section for cal-endar years 2015 through 2017 not later than the earlier of— 
(A) December 31, 2018; or (B) the date on which the audit required 
under this section for calendar years 2015 through 2017 is completed. 
(3) D
ELAY OF EXISTING REVIEWS PROHIB -
ITED.—The Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Justice shall not delay the comple-tion of any review commenced before the date of enactment of this Act pertaining to subpoenas issued pursuant to section 506 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 876) pending the completion of the reports re-quired by this section. 
SA 2724. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 86, line 26, insert ‘‘the Director of 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology and’’ after ‘‘in coordination with’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.025 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7417 October 21, 2015 
SA 2725. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 89, line 23, insert ‘‘, the Director of 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Director’’. 
SA 2726. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 91, line 21, insert ‘‘, in consulta-
tion with the Director of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Security’’. 
SA 2727. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 92, line 9, insert ‘‘, in consultation 
with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary’’. 
SA 2728. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 103, line 12, insert ‘‘the Director of 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology and’’ after ‘‘consultation with’’. 
SA 2729. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 111, strike lines 21 through 24, and 
insert the following: 
(E) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; 
(F) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives; and 
(G) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate. 
SA 2730. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 85, strike lines 12 through 20, and 
insert the following: 
(D) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives; 
(F) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(G) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-
ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and 
(H) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2731. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. G RA-
HAM) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Ms. A YOTTE to 
the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that the 
Memorandum Opinion for the Assistant At-torney General dated September 20, 2011, does not carry the force of law and the Sen-ate is concerned with the cybersecurity im-plications of activities undertaken in reli-ance of such Opinion, including the potential for thefts of personally identifiable informa-tion, and the participation in such activities by entities, including successors of such en-tities, charged or sued by the Government with respect to such activities, with a viola-tion of subchapter IV of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, or any other Federal statute relating to monetary transactions. 
SA 2732. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 501. EXPANSION OF CHOICE PROGRAM OF 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF SUNSET .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Vet-
erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (p); and (B) by redesignating subsections (q), (r), 
(s), and (t) as subsections (p), (q), (r), and (s), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is amended— 
(A) in subsection (i)(2), by striking ‘‘during 
the period in which the Secretary is author-ized to carry out this section pursuant to subsection (p)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (p)(2), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)(B), by striking subparagraph (F). 
(b) E
XPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) E LIGIBLE VETERANS .—A veteran is an 
eligible veteran for purposes of this section if the veteran is enrolled in the patient en-
rollment system of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs established and operated under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, including any such veteran who has not re-ceived hospital care or medical services from the Department and has contacted the De-partment seeking an initial appointment from the Department for the receipt of such care or services.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘In the case of an eligible veteran described in subsection (b)(2)(A), the Secretary shall, at the election of the eligi-ble veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall, at the election of an eligible veteran’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘de-
scribed in such subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Veterans Health Administration’’; 
(B) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; 
(C) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph 
(3); and 
(D) in subsection (p)(2)(A), as redesignated 
by subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘, disaggregated by—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (b)(2)(D)’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to hospital care and medical services fur-nished under section 101 of the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2733. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 pro-posed by Mr. B
URR (for himself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, to 
improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 48, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
(c) P RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR VIOLA-
TIONS BY FEDERAL ENTITIES OF RESTRICTIONS  
ONDISCLOSURE , U SE, AND PROTECTION OF  
VOLUNTARILY SHARED CYBER THREAT INDICA -
TORS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If a department or agency 
of the Federal Government knowingly or recklessly violates the requirements of this Act with respect to the disclosure, use, or protection of voluntarily shared cyber threat indicators, the United States shall be liable to a person adversely affected by such viola-tion in an amount equal to the sum of— 
(A) the actual damages sustained by the 
person as a result of the violation or $50,000, whichever is greater; and 
(B) the costs of the action together with 
reasonable attorney fees as determined by the court. 
(2) V
ENUE .—An action to enforce liability 
created under this subsection may be brought in the district court of the United States in— 
(A) the district in which the complainant 
resides; 
(B) the district in which the principal place 
of business of the complainant is located; 
(C) the district in which the department or 
agency of the Federal Government that dis-closed the information is located; or 
(D) the District of Columbia. (3) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—No action 
shall lie under this subsection unless such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.032 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7418 October 21, 2015 
action is commenced not later than two 
years after the person adversely affected by a violation described in paragraph (1) first learns, or by which such person reasonably should have learned, of the facts and cir-cumstances giving rise to the action. 
SA 2734. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 pro-posed by Mr. B
URR (for himself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, to 
improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 47, between lines 7 and 8, insert 
the following: 
(c) P RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR VIOLA-
TIONS BY FEDERAL ENTITIES OF RESTRICTIONS  
ONDISCLOSURE , U SE, AND PROTECTION OF  
VOLUNTARILY SHARED CYBER THREAT INDICA -
TORS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If a department or agency 
of the Federal Government knowingly or recklessly violates the requirements of this Act with respect to the disclosure, use, or protection of voluntarily shared cyber threat indicators, the United States shall be liable to a person adversely affected by such viola-tion in an amount equal to the sum of— 
(A) the actual damages sustained by the 
person as a result of the violation or $1,000, whichever is greater; and 
(B) the costs of the action together with 
reasonable attorney fees as determined by the court. 
(2) V
ENUE .—An action to enforce liability 
created under this subsection may be brought in the district court of the United States in— 
(A) the district in which the complainant 
resides; 
(B) the district in which the principal place 
of business of the complainant is located; 
(C) the district in which the department or 
agency of the Federal Government that dis-closed the information is located; or 
(D) the District of Columbia. (3) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—No action 
shall lie under this subsection unless such action is commenced not later than two years after the person adversely affected by a violation described in paragraph (1) first learns, or by which such person reasonably should have learned, of the facts and cir-cumstances giving rise to the action. 
SA 2735. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 9, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
(16) R EAL TIME ; REAL -TIME.—The terms 
‘‘real time’’ and ‘‘real-time’’ means as close to real time as practicable. 
(17) D
ELAY .—The term ‘‘delay’’, with re-
spect to the sharing of a cyber threat indi-cator, excludes any time necessary to ensure that the cyber threat indicator shared does not contain any personally identifiable in-formation not needed to describe or identify a cybersecurity threat. 
(18) M
ODIFICATION .—The term ‘‘modifica-
tion’’, with respect to the sharing of a cyber threat indicator, excludes any process nec-essary to ensure that the cyber threat indi-cator modified does not contain any person-
ally identifiable information not needed to describe or identify a cybersecurity threat. 
SA 2736. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-
TENTION OF PERSONS BY THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON DETENTION .—Section 4001 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) No person shall be imprisoned or oth-
erwise detained by the United States except consistent with the Constitution.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-
tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a person apprehended in the United States. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to an authoriza-
tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015. 
‘‘(3) This section shall not be construed to 
authorize the imprisonment or detention of any person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORITY OF THE ARMED  
FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES TO DETAIN  
COVERED PERSONS PURSUANT TO THE AUTHOR -
IZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE .—Sec-
tion 1021 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
SA 2737. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, strike lines 4 through 10, and 
insert the following: 
(1) I N GENERAL .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B) and paragraph (2) and not-withstanding any other provision of law, an entity may, for the purposes permitted under this Act and consistent with the protection of classified information, share with, or re-ceive from, any other entity or the Federal Government a cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure. 
(B) E
XCEPTION FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
no entity is permitted under this Act to share with the Department of Defense or any component of the Department, including the National Security Agency, a cyber threat in-dicator or defensive measure. 
SA 2738. Mr. BOOKER (for himself 
and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. 
BURR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on 
the table; as follows: 
On page 32, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(6) L IMITATION ON RECEIPT OF CYBER THREAT  
INDICATORS .—A Federal entity may not re-
ceive a cyber threat indicator that another Federal entity shared through the process developed and implemented under paragraph (1) unless the Inspector General of the re-ceiving Federal entity certifies that the re-ceiving Federal entity meets the data secu-rity standard for receiving such a cyber threat indicator, as established by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
On page 52, strike line 14 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10. REPORT ON REDUCTION OF CYBERSECU-
RITY RISK IN AGENCY DATA CEN-TERS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the feasibility of Federal civilian agencies creating an envi-ronment for the reduction in cybersecurity risks in agency data centers, including by— 
(1) increasing compartmentalization be-
tween systems; and 
(2) providing a mix of security controls be-
tween such compartments. 
SEC. 11. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
SA 2739. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. CYBERSECURITY TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Se-
curities and Exchange Commission; 
(2) the term ‘‘issuer’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c); and 
(3) the term ‘‘reporting company’’ means 
any company that is an issuer— 
(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l); or 
(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)). 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT TOISSUE RULES .—Not 
later than 360 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall issue final rules to require each reporting com-pany, in the annual report submitted under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m and 78o(d)) or the annual proxy statement sub-mitted under section 14(a) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78n(a))— 
(1) to disclose whether any member of the 
governing body, such as the board of direc-tors or general partner, of the reporting company is a cybersecurity expert (based on minimum standards established by the Com-mission, in consultation with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.020 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7419 October 21, 2015 
Institute of Standards and Technology), in 
such detail as necessary to fully describe the nature of the expertise; and 
(2) if no member of the governing body of 
the reporting company is a cybersecurity ex-pert, to briefly describe how the absence of such expertise was taken into account by such persons responsible for identifying and evaluating nominees for any member of the governing body, such as a nominating com-mittee. 
(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the 
minimum standards for a cybersecurity ex-pert for purposes of subsection (b), the Com-mission, in consultation with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall consider whether a person has substantive experience with preventing and addressing cybersecurity threats. 
SA 2740. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS FOR SMALL 
BUSINESSES. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall— 
(1) conduct a cost-benefit analysis for 
small business concerns (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) adopting measures for the sharing of cyber threat indicators and information re-lated to cybersecurity threats; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report detailing 
the results of the cost-benefit analysis con-ducted under paragraph (1). 
SA 2741. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEVELOPMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE 
STRATEGY ON IMPROVING THE CY-BERSECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Under Sec-retary for Industry and Security, shall sub-mit to Congress a comprehensive strategy for improving the cybersecurity of the United States. 
SA 2742. Mr. CARPER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 76, line 22, insert ‘‘the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget and’’ before ‘‘the Director of National Intel-ligence’’. 
On page 77, line 14, insert ‘‘the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget and’’ before ‘‘the Director of National Intel-
ligence’’. 
On page 78, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to designate an information system as a national security system. 
On page 78, line 18, strike ‘‘owned’’ and in-
sert ‘‘used’’. 
Beginning on page 80, line 25, strike ‘‘use’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘other’’ on page 81, line 6, and insert ‘‘intrusion detection and prevention capabilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 for the purpose of ensuring the security of’’. 
SA 2743. Mr. BURR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 113, strike line 1 and all 
that follows through page 114, line 6. 
SA 2744. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 408. GAO REPORT ON CELL-SITE SIMULA-
TORS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on the Judiciary and the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on the Judiciary and the 
Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 
2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report regarding the use of cell-site simulators (commonly known as ‘‘IMSI catchers’’) by Federal, State, and local agencies inside the United States, which shall include to the extent that infor-mation is available— 
(1) a list of each Federal, State, and local 
agency that uses cell-site simulators, and for what purposes; 
(2) an explanation of the approval process 
that Federal, State, and local agencies re-quire prior to use of cell-site simulators, in-cluding whether such agencies have written policies; 
(3) the number of State and local agencies 
that are subject to non-disclosure agree-ments with respect to the use of cell-site simulators, and an analysis of whether the non-disclosure agreements are necessary in light of publicly available information about government use of the devices; 
(4) the extent to which the Federal Govern-
ment is providing or funding the purchase of cell-site simulators for State and local agen-cies, including which Federal grants are used for such purpose; 
(5) an explanation of whether Federal, 
State, and local agencies obtain judicial ap-proval prior to deployment of cell-site sim-ulators, and if so, what type and with what frequency; (6) an examination of whether court appli-
cations seeking approval for the use of cell- site simulators sufficiently explain how the devices work, including— 
(A) whether the devices collect informa-
tion about non-target phones; 
(B) the extent to which the devices disrupt 
service to non-target phones; and 
(C) how each Federal, State, or local agen-
cy intends to address deletion of data not as-sociated with the target phone; 
(7) whether any Federal, State, or local 
agencies are using cell-site simulators to ob-tain the contents of communications or for purposes other than locating a particular cellular device; 
(8) whether Federal, State, or local agen-
cies have policies or procedures governing the deletion of information collected by cell- site simulators; 
(9) an evaluation of whether Federal, 
State, or local agencies have adequate train-ing and auditing mechanisms in place re-garding the use of cell-site simulators; 
(10) an evaluation of compliance by the De-
partment of Justice its components with De-partment of Justice policy guidance gov-erning the use of cell-site simulator tech-nology; and 
(11) an evaluation of compliance by the De-
partment of Homeland Security and its com-ponents with Department of Homeland Secu-rity policy guidance governing the use of cell-site simulator technology. 
SA 2745. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself 
and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 14, strike line 4 and all 
that follows through page 39, line 21, and in-sert the following: 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR OPERATION OF DE-
FENSIVE MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, operate a defen-sive measure that is applied to— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity in order to protect the rights or prop-erty of the private entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty upon written consent of such entity for operation of such defensive measure to pro-tect the rights or property of such entity; and 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity upon written consent of an authorized representative of such Federal entity for op-eration of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of the Federal Govern-ment. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the use of a defensive 
measure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR SHARING OR RECEIV -
INGCYBER THREAT INDICATORS OR DEFENSIVE  
MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, an entity may, for a cyber-security purpose and consistent with the protection of classified information, share with, or receive from, any other entity or the Federal Government a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.021 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7420 October 21, 2015 
(2) L AWFUL RESTRICTION .—An entity receiv-
ing a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure from another entity or Federal enti-ty shall comply with otherwise lawful re-strictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure by the sharing entity or Federal en-tity. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the sharing or receiving of 
a cyber threat indicator or defensive meas-ure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(d) P
ROTECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) S ECURITY OF INFORMATION .—An entity 
operating a defensive measure or providing or receiving a cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure under this section shall im-plement and utilize a security control to pro-tect against unauthorized access to or acqui-sition of such cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure. 
(2) R
EMOVAL OF CERTAIN PERSONAL INFOR -
MATION .—An entity sharing a cyber threat 
indicator pursuant to this title shall, prior to such sharing— 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that the entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person not directly related to a cy-bersecurity threat and remove such informa-tion; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove any information contained within such indicator that the en-tity knows at the time of sharing to be per-sonal information or information that iden-tifies a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(3) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS AND  
DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY ENTITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with this 
title, a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure shared or received under this sec-tion may, for cybersecurity purposes— 
(i) be used by an entity to operate a defen-
sive measure that is applied to— 
(I) an information system of the entity; or (II) an information system of another enti-
ty or a Federal entity upon the written con-
sent of that other entity or that Federal en-tity; and 
(ii) be otherwise used, retained, and further 
shared by an entity subject to— 
(I) an otherwise lawful restriction placed 
by the sharing entity or Federal entity on such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; or 
(II) an otherwise applicable provision of 
law. 
(B) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this para-
graph shall be construed to authorize the use of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure other than as provided in this sec-tion. 
(4) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS BY  
STATE , TRIBAL , OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT USE .— 
(i) P RIOR WRITTEN CONSENT .—Except as pro-
vided in clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local govern-ment under this section may, with the prior written consent of the entity sharing such indicator, be used by a State, tribal, or local government for the purpose of preventing, investigating, or prosecuting any of the of-fenses described in section 105(d)(5)(A)(vi). 
(ii) O
RAL CONSENT .—If exigent cir-
cumstances prevent obtaining written con-sent under clause (i), such consent may be provided orally with subsequent documenta-tion of the consent. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—A cyber 
threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this section shall 
be— 
(i) deemed voluntarily shared information; 
and 
(ii) exempt from disclosure under any 
State, tribal, or local law requiring disclo-sure of information or records. 
(C) S
TATE , TRIBAL , AND LOCAL REGULATORY  
AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this title shall not be directly used by any State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activity of any entity, including an activity relating to op-erating a defensive measure or sharing of a cyber threat indicator. 
(ii) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—A cyber threat in-
dicator or defensive measures shared as de-scribed in clause (i) may, consistent with a State, tribal, or local government regulatory authority specifically relating to the preven-tion or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the develop-ment or implementation of a regulation re-lating to such information systems. 
(e) A
NTITRUST EXEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 108(e), it shall not be considered a viola-tion of any provision of antitrust laws for 2 or more private entities to exchange or pro-vide a cyber threat indicator, or assistance relating to the prevention, investigation, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat, for cy-bersecurity purposes under this title. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall 
apply only to information that is exchanged or assistance provided in order to assist with— 
(A) facilitating the prevention, investiga-
tion, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; or 
(B) communicating or disclosing a cyber 
threat indicator to help prevent, investigate, or mitigate the effect of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or informa-tion that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(f) N
ORIGHT OR BENEFIT .—The sharing of a 
cyber threat indicator with an entity under this title shall not create a right or benefit to similar information by such entity or any other entity. 
SEC. 105. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICA-
TORS AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES WITH THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I NTERIM POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in coordination with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, develop and submit to Congress interim policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indica-tors and defensive measures by the Federal Government. 
(2) F
INAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, promulgate final policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures by the Federal Government. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—Consistent with the guidelines 
required by subsection (b), the policies and procedures developed and promulgated under this subsection shall— (A) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104(c) through the real-time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared in an automated manner 
with all of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(ii) are only subject to a delay, modifica-
tion, or other action due to controls estab-lished for such real-time process that could impede real-time receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities when the delay, modi-fication, or other action is due to controls— 
(I) agreed upon unanimously by all of the 
heads of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(II) carried out before any of the appro-
priate Federal entities retains or uses the cyber threat indicators or defensive meas-ures; and 
(III) uniformly applied such that each of 
the appropriate Federal entities is subject to the same delay, modification, or other ac-tion; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(B) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104 in a manner other than the real time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared as quickly as operationally 
practicable with all of the appropriate Fed-eral entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(C) consistent with this title, any other ap-
plicable provisions of law, and the fair infor-mation practice principles set forth in ap-pendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyber-space’’ and published by the President in April, 2011, govern the retention, use, and dissemination by the Federal Government of cyber threat indicators shared with the Fed-eral Government under this title, including the extent, if any, to which such cyber threat indicators may be used by the Federal Government; and 
(D) ensure there are— (i) audit capabilities; and (ii) appropriate sanctions in place for offi-
cers, employees, or agents of a Federal enti-ty who knowingly and willfully conduct ac-tivities under this title in an unauthorized manner. 
(4) G
UIDELINES FOR ENTITIES SHARING CYBER  
THREAT INDICATORS WITH FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop and make publicly available guidance to assist entities and promote sharing of cyber threat indica-tors with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines developed 
and made publicly available under subpara-graph (A) shall include guidance on the fol-lowing: 
(i) Identification of types of information 
that would qualify as a cyber threat indi-cator under this title that would be unlikely to include personal information or informa-tion that identifies a specific person not di-rectly related to a cyber security threat. 
(ii) Identification of types of information 
protected under otherwise applicable privacy laws that are unlikely to be directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(iii) Such other matters as the Attorney 
General and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity consider appropriate for entities shar-ing cyber threat indicators with Federal en-tities under this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.022 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7421 October 21, 2015 
(b) P RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appro-priate Federal entities and in consultation with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), develop, sub-mit to Congress, and make available to the public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the re-ceipt, retention, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities au-thorized in this title. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-
ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-tion, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers and private entities de-scribed in subparagraph (A), periodically, but not less frequently than once every two years, review the guidelines promulgated under subparagraph (A). 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the effect on privacy and civil lib-
erties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this title; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information or information that identifies specific persons, including by establishing— 
(i) a process for the timely destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to uses authorized under this title; and 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of 
any period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators containing personal information or information that identifies specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, including appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Federal Government in con-travention of such guidelines; 
(D) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties and Federal entities if information re-ceived pursuant to this section is known or determined by a Federal entity receiving such information not to constitute a cyber threat indicator; 
(E) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators containing personal infor-mation or information that identifies spe-cific persons to the greatest extent prac-ticable and require recipients to be informed that such indicators may only be used for purposes authorized under this title; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so 
that dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified and other sensitive national security infor-mation. (c) C
APABILITY AND PROCESS WITHIN THE  
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and imple-ment a capability and process within the De-partment of Homeland Security that— 
(A) shall accept from any entity in real 
time cyber threat indicators and defensive measures, pursuant to this section; 
(B) shall, upon submittal of the certifi-
cation under paragraph (2) that such capa-
bility and process fully and effectively oper-ates as described in such paragraph, be the process by which the Federal Government re-ceives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this title that are shared by a private entity with the Federal Govern-ment through electronic mail or media, an interactive form on an Internet website, or a real time, automated process between infor-mation systems except— 
(i) consistent with section 104, communica-
tions between a Federal entity and a private entity regarding a previously shared cyber threat indicator to describe the relevant cy-bersecurity threat or develop a defensive measure based on such cyber threat indi-cator; and 
(ii) communications by a regulated entity 
with such entity’s Federal regulatory au-thority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
(C) ensures that all of the appropriate Fed-
eral entities receive in an automated manner such cyber threat indicators shared through the real-time process within the Department of Homeland Security; 
(D) is in compliance with the policies, pro-
cedures, and guidelines required by this sec-tion; and 
(E) does not limit or prohibit otherwise 
lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including— 
(i) reporting of known or suspected crimi-
nal activity, by an entity to any other entity or a Federal entity; 
(ii) voluntary or legally compelled partici-
pation in a Federal investigation; and 
(iii) providing cyber threat indicators or 
defensive measures as part of a statutory or authorized contractual requirement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days 
prior to the implementation of the capa-bility and process required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, certify to Congress whether such capability and process fully and effectively operates— 
(A) as the process by which the Federal 
Government receives from any entity a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this title; and 
(B) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines developed under this section. 
(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the capability and process developed and imple-mented under paragraph (1) so that— 
(A) any entity may share cyber threat in-
dicators and defensive measures through such process with the Federal Government; and 
(B) all of the appropriate Federal entities 
receive such cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures in real time with receipt through the process within the Department of Homeland Security. 
(4) O
THER FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The process 
developed and implemented under paragraph (1) shall ensure that other Federal entities receive in a timely manner any cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared with the Federal Government through such 
process. 
(5) R
EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on the develop-ment and implementation of the capability and process required by paragraph (1), in-cluding a description of such capability and process and the public notice of, and access to, such process. 
(B) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—The report re-
quired by subparagraph (A) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) I
NFORMATION SHARED WITH OR PROVIDED  
TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(1) N O WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE OR PROTEC -
TION.—The provision of cyber threat indica-
tors and defensive measures to the Federal Government under this title shall not con-stitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, including trade secret protection. 
(2) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—Consistent 
with section 104(c)(2), a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure provided by an entity to the Federal Government under this title shall be considered the commercial, fi-nancial, and proprietary information of such entity when so designated by the originating entity or a third party acting in accordance with the written authorization of the origi-nating entity. 
(3) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be— 
(A) deemed voluntarily shared information 
and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of in-formation or records; and 
(B) withheld, without discretion, from the 
public under section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring disclosure of information or records. 
(4) E
X PARTE COMMUNICATIONS .—The provi-
sion of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to the Federal Government under this title shall not be subject to a rule of any Federal agency or department or any judi-cial doctrine regarding ex parte communica-tions with a decision-making official. 
(5) D
ISCLOSURE , RETENTION , AND USE .— 
(A) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title 
may be disclosed to, retained by, and used by, consistent with otherwise applicable pro-visions of Federal law, any Federal agency or department, component, officer, employee, or agent of the Federal Government solely for— 
(i) a cybersecurity purpose; (ii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat, including the source of such cy-bersecurity threat, or a security vulner-ability; 
(iii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat involving the use of an informa-tion system by a foreign adversary or ter-rorist; 
(iv) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, or seri-ous economic harm, including a terrorist act or a use of a weapon of mass destruction; 
(v) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, a serious threat to a minor, including sexual exploi-tation and threats to physical safety; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.022 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7422 October 21, 2015 
(vi) the purpose of preventing, inves-
tigating, disrupting, or prosecuting an of-fense arising out of a threat described in clause (iv) or any of the offenses listed in— 
(I) sections 1028 through 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code (relating to fraud and identity theft); 
(II) chapter 37 of such title (relating to es-
pionage and censorship); and 
(III) chapter 90 of such title (relating to 
protection of trade secrets). 
(B) P
ROHIBITED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall not be disclosed to, retained by, or used by any Federal agency or department for any use not permitted under subparagraph (A). 
(C) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be retained, used, and dis-seminated by the Federal Government— 
(i) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines required by subsections (a) and (b); 
(ii) in a manner that protects from unau-
thorized use or disclosure any cyber threat indicators that may contain personal infor-mation or information that identifies spe-cific persons; and 
(iii) in a manner that protects the con-
fidentiality of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information or information that identifies a specific person. 
(D) F
EDERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures provided to the Federal Gov-ernment under this title shall not be directly used by any Federal, State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activities of any entity, including activities relating to operating defensive measures or sharing cyber threat indicators. 
(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(I) R EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—Cyber threat indi-
cators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may, consistent with Federal or State regu-latory authority specifically relating to the prevention or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the development or implementation of regula-tions relating to such information systems. 
(II) P
ROCEDURES DEVELOPED AND IMPLE -
MENTED UNDER THIS TITLE .—Clause (i) shall 
not apply to procedures developed and imple-mented under this title. 
SEC. 106. PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY. 
SA 2746. Mr. BURR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 11, line 3, strike ‘‘period’’ and in-
sert ‘‘periodic’’. 
On page 20, line 21, strike ‘‘measures’’ and 
insert ‘‘measure’’. 
On page 56, line 8, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘(7)’’ on line 9 and insert the following: 
(7) the term ‘‘national security system’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code; and 
(8) 
On page 57, line 8, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 57, line 11, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
On page 57, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘national security system’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code. 
On page 64, lines 14 and 15, strike ‘‘Not-
withstanding section 202, in this subsection’’ and insert ‘‘In this subsection only’’. 
On page 69, line 13, strike ‘‘all taken’’ and 
insert ‘‘taken all’’. 
On page 76, line 22, insert ‘‘and the Direc-
tor of the Office of Management and Budget’’ after ‘‘Intelligence’’. 
On page 77, lines 12 and 13, strike ‘‘, as de-
fined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code’’. 
On page 77, line 14, insert ‘‘and the Direc-
tor of the Office of Management and Budget’’ after ‘‘Intelligence’’. 
On page 78, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to designate an information system as a national security system. 
On page 78, line 18, strike ‘‘owned’’ and in-
sert ‘‘used’’. 
Beginning on page 80, line 25, strike ‘‘use’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘other’’ on page 81, line 6, and insert ‘‘intrusion detection and prevention capabilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 for the purpose of ensuring the security of’’. 
On page 84, line 25, strike ‘‘Act’’ and insert 
‘‘Act of 2015’’. 
On page 88, line 8, strike ‘‘non-civilian’’ 
and insert ‘‘noncivilian’’. 
On page 91, line 11, strike ‘‘203 and 204’’ and 
insert ‘‘303 and 304’’. 
On page 96, line 19, strike ‘‘likely,’’ and in-
sert ‘‘likely’’. 
On page 96, line 22, strike ‘‘present’’ and in-
sert ‘‘present,’’. 
On page 107, line 10, strike ‘‘shall each’’ 
and insert ‘‘shall’’. 
On page 107, lines 11 and 12, strike ‘‘each 
Comptroller General of the United States and’’. 
On page 110, strikes lines 6 through 16. On page 114, line 7, strike ‘‘S
ENATE ’’ and in-
sert ‘‘S ENSE ’’. 
SA 2747. Mr. VITTER proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 208, to im-prove the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration; as follows: 
On page 2, strike lines 1 through 5 and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Recovery Improvements for Small Enti-ties After Disaster Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RISE After Disaster Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. DIVISION A—SUPERSTORM SANDY RE-
LIEF AND DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS 
Sec. 1001. Short title. 
Sec. 1002. Findings. 
TITLE I—DISASTER ASSISTANCE 
IMPROVEMENTS 
1101. Revised disaster deadline. 
1102. Use of physical damage disaster loans 
to construct safe rooms. 
1103. Reducing delays on closing and dis-
bursement of loans. 
1104. Safeguarding taxpayer interests and in-
creasing transparency in loan approvals. 
1105. Disaster plan improvements. 
DIVISION B—RECOVERY IMPROVEMENTS 
FOR SMALL ENTITIES 
Sec. 2001. Short title. TITLE I—IMPROVEMENTS OF DISASTER 
RESPONSE AND LOANS 
Sec. 2101. Additional awards to small busi-
ness development centers, wom-en’s business centers, and SCORE for disaster recovery. 
Sec. 2102. Collateral requirements for dis-
aster loans. 
Sec. 2103. Assistance to out-of-State busi-
ness concerns to aid in disaster recovery. 
Sec. 2105. FAST program. Sec. 2106. Use of Federal surplus property in 
disaster areas. 
Sec. 2107. Recovery opportunity loans. Sec. 2108. Contractor malfeasance. Sec. 2109. Local contracting preferences and 
incentives. 
Sec. 2110. Clarification of collateral require-
ments. 
TITLE II—DISASTER PLANNING AND 
MITIGATION 
Sec. 2201. Business recovery centers. 
TITLE III—OTHER PROVISIONS 
Sec. 2301. Increased oversight of economic 
injury disaster loans. 
Sec. 2302. GAO report on paperwork reduc-
tion. 
Sec. 2303. Report on web portal for disaster 
loan applicants. 
DIVISION A—SUPERSTORM SANDY RELIEF 
AND DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM IM-PROVEMENTS 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the 
‘‘Superstorm Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. FINDINGS. 
On page 3, strike line 5 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE I—DISASTER ASSISTANCE 
IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 1101. REVISED DISASTER DEADLINE. 
On page 3, line 14, insert ‘‘nonprofit enti-
ty,’’ after ‘‘homeowner,’’. 
On page 4, line 9, strike the quotation 
marks and the second period and insert the following: 
‘‘(C) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 6 months after the date on which the Administrator begins carrying out this authority, the Inspector General of the Ad-ministration shall initiate a review of the controls for ensuring applicant eligibility for loans made under this paragraph.’’. 
On page 4, line 10, strike ‘‘
SEC. 4.’’ and in-
sert ‘‘ SEC. 1102.’’. 
On page 4, line 24, insert ‘‘, if such safe 
room or similar storm shelter is constructed in accordance with applicable standards issued by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency’’ after ‘‘disasters’’. 
On page 5, strike lines 1 through 21 and in-
sert the following: 
SEC. 1103. REDUCING DELAYS ON CLOSING AND 
DISBURSEMENT OF LOANS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (9) the following: 
On page 5, line 22, strike ‘‘(11)’’ and insert 
‘‘(10)’’. 
On page 6, strike lines 5 through 8 and in-
sert the following: 
SEC. 1104. SAFEGUARDING TAXPAYER INTERESTS 
AND INCREASING TRANSPARENCY IN LOAN APPROVALS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (10), as added by section 1103 of this Act, the following: 
On page 6, line 9, strike ‘‘(12)’’ and insert 
‘‘(11)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.022 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7423 October 21, 2015 
Beginning on page 6, strike line 14 and all 
that follows through page 7, line 20, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 1105. DISASTER PLAN IMPROVEMENTS. 
Beginning on page 8, strike line 6 and all 
that follows through page 9, line 6, and insert the following: 
DIVISION B—RECOVERY IMPROVEMENTS 
FOR SMALL ENTITIES 
SECTION 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Recov-
ery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RISE After Dis-aster Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE I—IMPROVEMENTS OF DISASTER 
RESPONSE AND LOANS 
SEC. 2101. ADDITIONAL AWARDS TO SMALL BUSI-
NESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS, WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTERS, AND SCORE FOR DISASTER RECOVERY. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (11), as added by section 1104 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘(12) A
DDITIONAL AWARDS TO SMALL BUSI -
NESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS , WOMEN ’S BUSI -
NESS CENTERS , AND SCORE FOR DISASTER RE -
COVERY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administration 
may provide financial assistance to a small business development center, a women’s business center described in section 29, the Service Corps of Retired Executives, or any proposed consortium of such individuals or entities to spur disaster recovery and growth of small business concerns located in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—Fi-
nancial assistance provided under this para-graph shall be in the form of a grant, con-tract, or cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(C) N
O MATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .— 
Matching funds shall not be required for any grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this paragraph. 
‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A recipient of finan-
cial assistance under this paragraph shall provide counseling, training, and other re-lated services, such as promoting long-term resiliency, to small business concerns and entrepreneurs impacted by a major disaster. 
‘‘(E) P
ERFORMANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in 
cooperation with the recipients of financial assistance under this paragraph, shall estab-lish metrics and goals for performance of grants, contracts, and cooperative agree-ments under this paragraph, which shall in-clude recovery of sales, recovery of employ-ment, reestablishment of business premises, and establishment of new small business con-cerns. 
‘‘(ii) U
SE OF ESTIMATES .—The Adminis-
trator shall base the goals and metrics for performance established under clause (i), in part, on the estimates of disaster impact pre-pared by the Office of Disaster Assistance for purposes of estimating loan-making require-ments. 
‘‘(F) T
ERM.— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term of any grant, 
contract, or cooperative agreement under this paragraph shall be for not more than 2 years. 
‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION .—The Administrator may 
make 1 extension of a grant, contract, or co-operative agreement under this paragraph for a period of not more than 1 year, upon a showing of good cause and need for the ex-tension. 
‘‘(G) E
XEMPTION FROM OTHER PROGRAM RE -
QUIREMENTS .—Financial assistance provided 
under this paragraph is in addition to, and wholly separate from, any other form of as-sistance provided by the Administrator 
under this Act. 
‘‘(H) C
OMPETITIVE BASIS .—The Administra-
tion shall award financial assistance under this paragraph on a competitive basis.’’. 
SEC. 2102. COLLATERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR 
DISASTER LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(d)(6) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(d)(6)) is amended in the third proviso— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$14,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$25,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘major disaster’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘disaster’’. 
(b) S
UNSET .—Effective on the date that is 3 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, section 7(d)(6) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(d)(6)) is amended in the third proviso— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$14,000’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘major’’ before ‘‘disaster’’. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days before 
the date on which the amendments made by subsection (b) are to take effect, the Admin-istrator of the Small Business Administra-tion shall submit to Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on the ef-fects of the amendments made by subsection (a), which shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the impact and bene-
fits resulting from the amendments; and 
(2) a recommendation as to whether the 
amendments should be made permanent. 
SEC. 2103. ASSISTANCE TO OUT-OF-STATE BUSI-
NESS CONCERNS TO AID IN DIS-ASTER RECOVERY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 21(b)(3) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(3) At the discretion’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) A
SSISTANCE TO OUT -OF-STATE SMALL  
BUSINESS CONCERNS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the discretion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) D
ISASTER RECOVERY ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the 
Administrator, the Administrator may au-thorize a small business development center to provide advice, information, and assist-ance, as described in subsection (c), to a small business concern located outside of the State, without regard to geographic prox-imity to the small business development center, if the small business concern is lo-cated in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster. 
‘‘(ii) T
ERM.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—A small business devel-
opment center may provide advice, informa-tion, and assistance to a small business con-cern under clause (i) for a period of not more than 2 years after the date on which the President declared a major disaster for the area in which the small business concern is located. 
‘‘(II) E
XTENSION .—The Administrator may, 
at the discretion of the Administrator, ex-tend the period described in subclause (I). 
‘‘(iii) C
ONTINUITY OF SERVICES .—A small 
business development center that provides counselors to an area described in clause (i) shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure continuity of services in any State in which the small business development center otherwise provides services. 
‘‘(iv) A
CCESS TO DISASTER RECOVERY FACILI -
TIES.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
Administrator shall, to the maximum extent 
practicable, permit the personnel of a small business development center to use any site or facility designated by the Administrator for use to provide disaster recovery assist-ance.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, subject to the availability of funds, the Administrator of the Small Busi-
ness Administration should, to the extent practicable, ensure that a small business de-velopment center is appropriately reim-bursed for any legitimate expenses incurred in carrying out activities under section 21(b)(3)(B) of the Small Business Act, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 2105. FAST PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 34(a) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(9) as paragraphs (4) through (10), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
ATASTROPHIC INCIDENT .—The term 
‘catastrophic incident’ means a major dis-aster that is comparable to the description of a catastrophic incident in the National Response Plan of the Administration, or any successor thereto.’’. 
(b) P
RIORITY .—Section 34(c)(2) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d(c)(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)(vi)(III), by striking 
the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) shall give special consideration to an 
applicant that is located in an area affected by a catastrophic incident.’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 34(c) 
of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d(c)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CATA -
STROPHIC INCIDENTS .—Upon application by an 
applicant that receives an award or has in ef-fect a cooperative agreement under this sec-tion and that is located in an area affected by a catastrophic incident, the Adminis-trator may— 
‘‘(A) provide additional assistance to the 
applicant; and 
‘‘(B) waive the matching requirements 
under subsection (e)(2).’’. 
SEC. 2106. USE OF FEDERAL SURPLUS PROPERTY 
IN DISASTER AREAS. 
Section 7(j)(13)(F) of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 636(j)(13)(F)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘(F)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii)(I) In this clause— ‘‘(aa) the term ‘covered period’ means the 
2-year period beginning on the date on which the President declared the applicable major disaster; and 
‘‘(bb) the term ‘disaster area’ means the 
area for which the President has declared a major disaster, during the covered period. 
‘‘(II) The Administrator may transfer tech-
nology or surplus property under clause (i) on a priority basis to a small business con-cern located in a disaster area if— 
‘‘(aa) the small business concern meets the 
requirements for such a transfer, without re-gard to whether the small business concern is a Program Participant; and 
‘‘(bb) for a small business concern that is a 
Program Participant, on and after the date on which the President declared the applica-ble major disaster, the small business con-cern has not received property under this subparagraph on the basis of the status of the small business concern as a Program Participant. 
‘‘(III) For any transfer of property under 
this clause to a small business concern, the terms and conditions shall be the same as a transfer to a Program Participant, except that the small business concern shall agree not to sell or transfer the property to any party other than the Federal Government during the covered period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.029 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7424 October 21, 2015 
‘‘(IV) A small business concern that re-
ceives a transfer of property under this clause may not receive a transfer of property under clause (i) during the covered period. 
‘‘(V) If a small business concern sells or 
transfers property in violation of the agree-ment described in subclause (III), the Admin-istrator may initiate proceedings to prohibit the small business concern from receiving a transfer of property under this clause or clause (i), in addition to any other remedy available to the Administrator.’’. 
SEC. 2107. RECOVERY OPPORTUNITY LOANS. 
Section 7(a)(31) of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 636(a)(31)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and 
(iii) as clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting before clause (ii), as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘disaster area’ means the 
area for which the President has declared a major disaster, during the 5-year period be-ginning on the date of the declaration.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) R
ECOVERY OPPORTUNITY LOANS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
guarantee an express loan to a small busi-ness concern located in a disaster area in ac-cordance with this subparagraph. 
‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUMS .—For a loan guaranteed 
under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) the maximum loan amount is $150,000; 
and 
‘‘(II) the guarantee rate shall be not more 
than 85 percent. 
‘‘(iii) O VERALL CAP .—A loan guaranteed 
under clause (i) shall not be counted in de-termining the amount of loans made to a borrower for purposes of subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(iv) O
PERATIONS .—A small business con-
cern receiving a loan guaranteed under clause (i) shall certify that the small busi-ness concern was in operation on the date on which the applicable major disaster occurred as a condition of receiving the loan. 
‘‘(v) R
EPAYMENT ABILITY .—A loan guaran-
teed under clause (i) may only be made to a small business concern that demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Administrator, suffi-cient capacity to repay the loan. 
‘‘(vi) T
IMING OF PAYMENT OF GUARANTEES .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which a request for pur-chase is filed with the Administrator, the Administrator shall determine whether to pay the guaranteed portion of the loan. 
‘‘(II) R
ECAPTURE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, unless there is a sub-sequent finding of fraud by a court of com-petent jurisdiction relating to a loan guaran-teed under clause (i), on and after the date that is 6 months after the date on which the Administrator determines to pay the guaran-teed portion of the loan, the Administrator 
may not attempt to recapture the paid guar-antee. 
‘‘(vii) F
EES.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Unless the Adminis-
trator has waived the guarantee fee that would otherwise be collected by the Adminis-trator under paragraph (18) for a loan guar-anteed under clause (i), and except as pro-vided in subclause (II), the guarantee fee for the loan shall be equal to the guarantee fee that the Administrator would collect if the guarantee rate for the loan was 50 percent. 
‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not 
apply if the cost of carrying out the program under this subsection in a fiscal year is more than zero and such cost is directly attrib-utable to the cost of guaranteeing loans under clause (i). 
‘‘(viii) R
ULES .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this subpara-graph, the Administrator shall promulgate rules to carry out this subparagraph.’’. SEC. 2108. CONTRACTOR MALFEASANCE. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (12), as added by section 2101 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘(13) S
UPPLEMENTAL ASSISTANCE FOR CON -
TRACTOR MALFEASANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a contractor or other 
person engages in malfeasance in connection with repairs to, rehabilitation of, or replace-ment of real or personal property relating to which a loan was made under this subsection and the malfeasance results in substantial economic damage to the recipient of the loan or substantial risks to health or safety, upon receiving documentation of the substantial economic damage or the substantial risk to health and safety from an independent loss verifier, and subject to subparagraph (B), the Administrator may increase the amount of the loan under this subsection, as necessary for the cost of repairs, rehabilitation, or re-placement needed to address the cause of the economic damage or health or safety risk. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator 
may only increase the amount of a loan under subparagraph (A) upon receiving an appropriate certification from the borrower and person performing the mitigation attest-ing to the reasonableness of the mitigation costs and an assignment of any proceeds re-ceived from the person engaging in the mal-feasance. The assignment of proceeds recov-ered from the person engaging in the malfea-sance shall be equal to the amount of the loan under this section. Any mitigation ac-tivities shall be subject to audit and inde-pendent verification of completeness and cost reasonableness.’’. 
SEC. 2109. LOCAL CONTRACTING PREFERENCES 
AND INCENTIVES. 
Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 644) is amended by inserting after sub-section (e) the following: 
‘‘(f) C
ONTRACTING PREFERENCE FOR SMALL  
BUSINESS CONCERNS IN A MAJOR DISASTER  
AREA.— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘disaster area’ means the area for which the President has declared a major disaster, during the period of the declara-tion. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTING PREFERENCE .—An agency 
shall provide a contracting preference for a small business concern located in a disaster area if the small business concern will per-form the work required under the contract in the disaster area. 
‘‘(3) C
REDIT FOR MEETING CONTRACTING  
GOALS .—If an agency awards a contract to a 
small business concern under the cir-cumstances described in paragraph (2), the value of the contract shall be doubled for purposes of determining compliance with the goals for procurement contracts under sub-section (g)(1)(A).’’. 
SEC. 2110. CLARIFICATION OF COLLATERAL RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
Section 7(d)(6) of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 636(d)(6)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘which are made under paragraph (1) of subsection (b)’’ the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-
ther, That the Administrator, in obtaining 
the best available collateral for a loan of not more than $200,000 under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) relating to damage to or de-struction of the property of, or economic in-jury to, a small business concern, shall not require the owner of the small business con-cern to use the primary residence of the owner as collateral if the Administrator de-termines that the owner has other assets of equal quality and with a value equal to or greater than the amount of the loan that could be used as collateral for the loan: Pro-
vided further , That nothing in the preceding proviso may be construed to reduce the 
amount of collateral required by the Admin-istrator in connection with a loan described in the preceding proviso or to modify the standards used to evaluate the quality (rath-er than the type) of such collateral’’. 
TITLE II—DISASTER PLANNING AND 
MITIGATION 
SEC. 2201. BUSINESS RECOVERY CENTERS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (13), as added by section 2108 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘(14) B
USINESS RECOVERY CENTERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator, act-
ing through the district offices of the Admin-istration, shall identify locations that may be used as recovery centers by the Adminis-
tration in the event of a disaster declared under this subsection or a major disaster. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR IDENTIFICATION .— 
Each district office of the Administration shall— 
‘‘(i) identify a location described in sub-
paragraph (A) in each county, parish, or similar unit of general local government in the area served by the district office; and 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the locations identified 
under subparagraph (A) may be used as a re-covery center without cost to the Govern-ment, to the extent practicable.’’. 
TITLE III—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 2301. INCREASED OVERSIGHT OF ECONOMIC 
INJURY DISASTER LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(b) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter fol-lowing paragraph (14), as added by section 2201 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘(15) I
NCREASED OVERSIGHT OF ECONOMIC IN -
JURY DISASTER LOANS .—The Administrator 
shall increase oversight of entities receiving loans under paragraph (2), and may con-sider— 
‘‘(A) scheduled site visits to ensure bor-
rower eligibility and compliance with re-quirements established by the Adminis-trator; and 
‘‘(B) reviews of the use of the loan proceeds 
by an entity described in paragraph (2) to en-sure compliance with requirements estab-lished by the Administrator.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TOUSING 
EXISTING FUNDS .—It is the sense of Congress 
that no additional Federal funds should be made available to carry out the amendments made by this section. 
SEC. 2302. GAO REPORT ON PAPERWORK REDUC-
TION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report evaluating steps that the Small Business Administration has taken, with respect to the application for disaster assistance under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)), to comply with subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’) and related guidance. 
SEC. 2303. REPORT ON WEB PORTAL FOR DIS-
ASTER LOAN APPLICANTS. 
Section 38 of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 657j) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON WEBPORTAL FOR DISASTER  
LOANAPPLICATION STATUS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Small Business of the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.029 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7425 October 21, 2015 
Representatives a report relating to the cre-
ation of a web portal to the track the status of applications for disaster assistance under section 7(b). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under para-
graph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) information on the progress of the Ad-
ministration in implementing the informa-tion system under subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) recommendations from the Adminis-
tration relating to the creation of a web por-tal for applicants to check the status of an application for disaster assistance under sec-tion 7(b), including a review of best practices and web portal models from the private sec-tor; 
‘‘(C) information on any related costs or 
staffing needed to implement such a web por-tal; 
‘‘(D) information on whether such a web 
portal can maintain high standards for data privacy and data security; 
‘‘(E) information on whether such a web 
portal will minimize redundancy among Ad-ministration disaster programs, improve management of the number of inquiries made by disaster applicants to employees lo-cated in the area affected by the disaster and to call centers, and reduce paperwork bur-dens on disaster victims; and 
‘‘(F) such additional information as is de-
termined necessary by the Administrator.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 21, 2015, at 10 a.m. in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Agriculture Biotechnology: A Look at Federal Reg-ulation and Stakeholder Perspectives.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Mi-gration from Central America: An Ex-amination of FY2015 Apprehensions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on October 21, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘The GAO Report on ‘INDIAN ENERGY DEVELOPMENT: Poor Man-agement by BIA Has Hindered Develop-
ment on Indian Lands.’’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on October 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Virtual Victims: When Com-puter Tech Support Becomes a Scam.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SUPERFUND , WASTE  
MANAGEMENT , AND REGULATORY OVERSIGHT  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight of the Committee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Regulatory Impact Anal-yses for U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Regulations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE LIVES OF THE 33 
CREW MEMBERS ABOARD THE ‘‘EL FARO’’ 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 291, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 291) honoring the 
lives of the 33 crew members aboard the El 
Faro. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 291) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) COMMEMORATING THE DISCOVERY 
OF THE POLIO VACCINE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 108 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 108) commemorating 
the discovery of the polio vaccine and sup-porting efforts to eradicate the disease. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 108) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of March 24, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2193 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2193) to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 
22, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, Octo-ber 22; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 754, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, that the filing deadline for all second-degree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC6.029 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7426 October 21, 2015 
amendments to both the substitute 
amendment No. 2716 and the under-lying bill, S. 754, be at 10:30 a.m. tomor-row. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:01 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, October 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION  
LINDA I. ETIM, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DEVELOP-MENT FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 22, 2021, VICE MIMI E. ALEMAYEHOU, TERM EXPIRED. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
LISA M. FAIRFAX, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 5, 2020, VICE LUIS AGUILAR, TERM EXPIRED. 
HESTER MARIA PEIRCE, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 5, 2016, VICE 
DANIEL M. GALLAGHER, JR., RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JEAN ELIZABETH MANES, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF EL SALVADOR. 
SCOT ALAN MARCIEL, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNION OF BURMA. 
LINDA SWARTZ TAGLIALATELA, OF NEW YORK, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO BARBADOS, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITH-OUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERATION OF ST. KITTS AND NEVIS, SAINT LUCIA, ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA, THE COMMONWEALTH OF DOMINICA, GRENADA, AND SAINT VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G21OC6.077 S21OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1493 October 21, 2015 
SECURING THE CITIES ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3493, the ‘‘Se-curing the Cities Act of 2015,’’ which will re-quire the Director for Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion to create a Securing the Cities program. 
The codification of the Securing the Cities 
Program under H.R. 3493, will: 
1. Assist state, local, tribal, and territorial 
governments in creating and implementing, or perfecting existing structures for coordinated and integrated detection and interdiction of nu-clear or other radiological materials that are out of regulatory control; 
2. Support the creation of a region-wide op-
erating capability to identify and report on nu-clear and other radioactive materials out of operational control; 
3. Provide resources to improve detection, 
analysis, communication, and organization to better integrate state, local, tribal, and terri-torial property into federal operations; 
4. Facilitate the establishment of protocol 
and processes to effectively respond to threats posed by nuclear or radiological materials being acquired or used by terrorists; and 
5. Designate participating jurisdictions from 
among high-risk urban areas and other cities and regions, as appropriate, and notify Con-gress at least three days before designating or changing such jurisdictions. 
H.R. 3493 would also require the Comp-
troller General to investigate and assess the effectiveness of the ‘‘Securing the Cities Pro-gram.’’ 
The potential for a terrorist attack using nu-
clear or radiological material is low, but should it occur the consequences would be cata-strophic, and for this reason we cannot be lax in our efforts to deter, detect and defeat at-tempts by terrorists to perpetrate such a hei-nous act of terrorism. 
I represent the 18th Congressional District 
of Texas, which is located in the Houston area, which is the 4th largest city in the United States and home to over 2 million residents. 
Earlier this year the Department of Home-
land Security (DHS) announced that the city of Houston would receive $30 million dollars over 5 years under the Securing the Cities Pro-gram. 
The funding, came from DHS’s Domestic 
Nuclear Office and, will be used to work with partners in the Houston area to build a robust, regional nuclear detection capability for law enforcement and first responder organizations. 
This is an important federal effort to in-
crease the ability of major urban cities to de-tect and protect against radiological and nu-
clear threats. 
The Securing Cities Program began in 2006 
as a pilot project for the New York City region. 
The cities and regions that are participating 
include Washington DC/National Capital Re-gion, New York City, Los Angeles/Long Beach area, and now Houston Texas. 
The DHS Domestic Nuclear Detection Office 
provides equipment and assistance to regional partners in conducting training and exercises to further their nuclear detection capabilities and coordinate with federal operations. 
Unfortunately, the age of terrorism makes 
this a more dangerous and uncertain time than the decades following World War II when 
nation/state nuclear arsenals were being cre-ated. 
I am pleased that Houston is at the forefront 
of nuclear safety in our country, and it is time to make the Securing the Cities Program vital for all of our major cities to catch up. 
Nuclear threats are more perilous than what 
our nation faced during the Cold War because these threats come from non-state actors who often do not have the same level of concern for the wellbeing of their people who may face the consequences of a nuclear attack against the United States. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this 
important resolution. 
f 
HONORING RAY GARON ON THE 
OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE MANCHESTER RADIO GROUP AFTER MORE THAN 20 YEARS 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Ray Garon on his retirement after 20 plus years with the Manchester Radio Group, and thank him for the outstanding work he did during his career. 
Mr. Garon’s broad expertise in the radio 
business has been instrumental to the growth of local stations such as WZID–AM, WFEA– AM, The Mill and Hot Hits. Over the last twen-ty years with the Manchester Radio Group he has been an integral part of the community and his leadership will be greatly missed. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Ray Garon on his retirement, and wish him the best on all future endeavors. IN HONOR OF BISHOP W. W. 
HAMILTON 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Bishop W. W. Hamilton on the occa-sion of the 35th pastoral anniversary of his leadership of the Greater Victory Temple Church of God in Christ in Seaside, California. Bishop Hamilton is a beacon of service to God and his community and an example of love and compassion for all to follow. Under his leadership, Greater Victory Temple has grown into one of the strongest community pillars of the Monterey Peninsula and all of northern California. 
Bishop Hamilton was born in San Antonio, 
Texas. He followed his father, the late Bishop E.E. Hamilton, on the path of religious service and received a Doctor of Divinity degree from Simpson College in San Francisco. He then served as the founding pastor of the Hamilton Memorial Church of God In Christ in San Francisco, California. In 1987, W.W. Hamilton was consecrated as the Bishop and Prelate of the California Northwest Jurisdiction of the Church of God in Christ, the church his father had established. 
In 1980 Bishop Hamilton was appointed to 
serve as Pastor of the Victory Temple Church of God In Christ of Seaside, California. Under his Pastoral leadership a new church building was completed and on March 16, 1984, the Great Victory Church of God In Christ was dedicated debt free. In addition to the remod-eling, Bishop Hamilton sought to provide hous-ing and family resources to his community. 
Bishop Hamilton has also focused his lead-
ership on community service. He served as the executive director of the San Francisco Redevelopment Agency. Later, under his lead-ership, the Greater Victory Temple has be-come a force for community service on the Monterey Peninsula. It offers services for youth such as after school tutoring programs, a community computer lab, after school chess club, and hosts scout groups. It also offers a food pantry in partnership with the local food bank, divorce counseling, works with other community organizations to bring peace to the community, and has invested in community based senior housing. 
Throughout his 35 years of leadership, 
Greater Victory Temple has impacted the lives of countless people within the Seaside and surrounding Monterey Peninsula communities. All those who have had the pleasure to meet Bishop Hamilton know first hand his love and personal commitment to his congregation and surrounding community. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the 
whole House in extending our deepest grati-tude to Bishop Hamilton for his many years of dedication to the Greater Victory Temple fam-ily and the broader community of the Monterey County and Northern California. Our world is a better place because of his efforts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.001 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1494 October 21, 2015 
JUDICIAL REDRESS ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the bipartisan H.R. 1428, the ‘‘Judi-cial Redress Act of 2015.’’ 
H.R. 1428 is important bill that will help con-
clude longstanding negotiations to improve the framework for data transfers between law en-forcement agencies in United States and Eu-rope. 
European nations have long provided pri-
vacy protections to U.S. citizens and this legis-lation would reciprocate that practice. 
If enacted, the Judicial Redress Act would 
extend the legal rights granted to American citizens under the 1974 Privacy Act to citizens of select foreign nations. 
Specifically, those individuals would be 
given the ability to seek access to records pri-vate entities turn over to U.S. government offi-cials as part of criminal investigations and they would be able to correct those records if they contain false information, as well as get re-dress from the government if those records were turned over illegally. 
Under the current law, U.S. citizens and 
lawful permanent residents are able to sue the United States for intentional and willful public disclosures of law enforcement information that injures those citizens. 
The same rights should be afforded to our 
closest allies and those we entrust with our privacy protection and hold accountable for re-ciprocal offenses. 
Let me express my appreciation to Chair-
man of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and In-vestigations, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Ranking 
Member C ONYERS for their leadership and 
commitment to privacy protection and account-ability to our foreign allies. 
As a nation that aims to uphold the prin-
ciples of justice and fairness, it is time that we ensure that all those engaged with our nation are afforded these core protections. 
The Judicial Redress Act upholds these 
principles by providing critical remedies to citi-zens of designated U.S. allies who have been unfairly targeted by American surveillance and law enforcement activities. 
By extending legal rights afforded under the 
1974 Privacy Act to citizens of select foreign nations, we all benefit. 
Citizens of the United States benefit from 
privacy protections in other countries, and the Judicial Redress Act provides reciprocal trust and assurances that our closest allies will be treated fairly and justly. 
Strengthening international relationships and 
building trust backed by our government is es-sential to our national security and economic growth. 
Passing the Judicial Redress Act simply is 
the right thing to do. 
H.R. 1428 will ensure greater cooperation 
among international law enforcement agen-cies, and encourage these nations to share critical law enforcement information with one another. 
H.R. 1428 will also mend critical relation-
ships between American businesses and inter-national consumers by restoring trust that transnational data will be kept secure and pro-
tected. 
International consumers will feel more com-
fortable sharing their information allowing for the free-flow of data and commerce. 
This legislation is endorsed by the Depart-
ment of Justice and federal law enforcement agencies and broadly supported by tech com-panies and businesses, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Trans-Atlantic Busi-ness Council, the Internet Infrastructure Coali-tion, and other groups. 
The Judicial Redress Act is a step in the 
right direction to ensure continued advance-ment in the technology industry, international corporate competitiveness, and demonstrated leadership in privacy protection and upholding foundational legal rights. 
For all of these reasons, I support H.R. 
1428 and urge my colleagues to join me. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE EFFORTS OF 
THE NATIONAL WORLD WAR II MUSEUM TO HONOR AFRICAN AMERICAN VETERANS OF WORLD WAR II 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the efforts of the National WWII Museum to honor African American veterans of World War II. Most notably, I would like to commend the Museum on its outstanding ex-hibit, ‘‘Fighting for the Right to Fight: African American Experiences in World War II.’’ 
African Americans played a vital role in se-
curing Allied victory in World War II and their service helped to preserve democratic institu-tions in the United States and around the world. The contributions of African Americans during wartime spanned all areas of the war effort, from military combat to domestic manu-facturing. 
Unfortunately, the same patriotic citizens 
who sacrificed and risked their lives in the war effort also faced discrimination in military and civilian life. In many cases, African Americans were denied the very liberties they fought to defend. These experiences led many African American soldiers to a dual mission: to win the war and to secure freedoms at home, a move-ment that would come to be known as the ‘‘Double Victory’’ campaign. The modern Civil Rights Movements would rise from these his-toric moments during wartime. 
The award-winning exhibit, which opened on 
July 4, 2015, is a landmark contribution that displays the foundational work by twentieth century African Americans to seek com-prehensive social change. The exhibit will re-main at the National World War II Museum until May 2016, when it will begin a two-year tour of museums around the country. The Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Vet-erans Braintrust, supported by President Obama and the First Lady, distinguished the efforts of the National WWII Museum with the 2015 Veterans Braintrust Award. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the National WWII 
Museum for their leadership and recognition of the tireless contributions from all Americans during times of war. The unwavering dedica-tion of African Americans to protecting Amer-ica’s values of freedom and liberty is an exam-
ple for all citizens. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF HOLY TRINITY CATHE-DRAL IN MANCHESTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 100th anniversary of Holy Trinity Cathedral in Manchester, New Hampshire. 
I am pleased to join with the Eastern Dio-
cese and Polish National Catholic Church in recognizing this great milestone for Holy Trin-ity Cathedral and its parishioners. 
This is a great achievement for both the 
church and community of Manchester, and speaks highly to the outstanding services and spiritual guidance the parish has offered to residents of the Queen City and surrounding communities. For the past 100 years, Holy Trinity Cathedral has been a landmark in the City of Manchester, and the recent restoration of the church, which included the awarding of a Restoration of a City Landmark Award from the Manchester Historic Association dem-onstrates the deep impact this church has had on the community and the significance of its presence in downtown Manchester. 
Under the leadership of Bishop Paul 
Sobiechowski the church and its parish com-munity continue to flourish today by spreading the work and word of our savior Jesus Christ, and focusing their efforts on the Polish Amer-ican community in the city and Southern New Hampshire. I am proud to join with my fellow Granite Staters in recognizing the 100th anni-versary of Holy Trinity Cathedral, and wish them all the best in their future years. 
f 
SALUTE TO THE LIVINGSTON 
VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the Livingston Volunteer Fire Department, in Livingston, Texas. 
On August 23, 1915, the Livingston Volun-
teer Fire Department was officially established following a decision by the city to give Fire Chief Keenan Peebles full authority over the firefighting equipment, which at the time con-sisted of three hand pulled hose reels, a few fire hydrants, and three hose reel houses. 
During the last 100 years, 275 citizen fire-
fighters have volunteered their time and en-ergy to respond to 24,000 calls under the di-rection of 17 fire chiefs. Currently, the Living-ston Volunteer Fire Department has 39 fire fighters operating out of three stations. 
Today, thanks to the support of the local 
community, the Livingston Volunteer Fire De-partment is as fully equipped and prepared as any department in Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.002 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1495 October 21, 2015 
In celebration of this important milestone, 
we thank all those who have served as volun-teers at the Livingston Volunteer Fire Depart-ment for their commitment, dedication and bravery. 
f 
DHS HEADQUARTERS REFORM 
AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, I rise in support of H.R. 3572, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Head-quarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’ 
This bill will establish DHS-wide strategic 
priorities for international engagement, mecha-nisms for monitoring resource deployment abroad, and strategic priorities and cost data for DHS programs and activities abroad. 
H.R. 3572 provides support for DHS’s 
‘‘Unity of Effort’’ campaign and addresses re-dundancy among departmental programs. 
The bill clarifies and streamlines the offices 
that constitute DHS Headquarters and better outlines their respective responsibilities. 
Specifically, H.R. 3572 achieves these goals 
by: 
1. Establishing an undersecretary for man-
agement and makes him or her the chief ac-quisition officer in the Homeland Security De-partment; and 
2. Establishing two new offices within the 
department and updates the department’s ac-quisition procedures. 
Finally, the bill empowers the Inspector 
General to review the Department’s suspen-sion and debarment program and assess whether disparities exist in the criteria applied. 
The bill addresses the need for DHS to de-
velop strategic priorities for international en-gagement, establish mechanisms for moni-toring resource deployment abroad, and devel-oping strategic priorities, and collecting cost data for its programs and activities abroad. 
I am pleased that H.R. 3572 incorporates 
several amendments that I offered during the full committee markup which improve the bill. 
Jackson Lee Amendment Number 1 re-
quires the Assistant Security for International Affairs to advise the Secretary of Homeland Security on strategic priorities for overseas de-ployment, establish a mechanism for moni-toring alignment between assets, including personnel, with said priorities, and develop a standardized framework to collect and main-tain cost data for overseas personnel. 
Jackson Lee Amendment Number 2 made 
technical changes to H.R. 3572 regarding the conversion of contractor positions to Federal employee positions and requiring congres-sional authorization for adding any new office within the Office of Policy. 
Since its creation in 2002, in the aftermath 
of the terrorist attack of 9/11, the Department of Homeland Security has been, and must 
continue to be, ever vigilant in its activities to protect the homeland and the lives and prop-erty of Americans. 
DHS faces a number of challenges, includ-
ing the need for more resources, better train-ing, better use of technology, and a constantly changing environment of homeland security threats. 
H.R. 3572 is a positive step forward in this 
effort and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the ‘‘Department of Homeland Se-curity Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT 
BISHOP, ESQ., RECIPIENT OF THE LACKAWANNA PRO BONO’S ROB-ERT W. MUNLEY AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Robert Bishop, Esq., who will be awarded the 2015 Lackawanna Pro Bono’s Attorney Robert W. Munley Award. Lacka-wanna Pro Bono is a non-profit organization established in 1997 to increase the availability of free legal representation for low-income in-dividuals and families throughout Lackawanna County. 
Robert has been principal of Hourigan, 
Kluger & Quinn, PC, since 1985. His practice specializes in estate planning and administra-tion, as well as elder law matters, real estate transactions, business transactions, and cor-porate matters for clients in Luzerne, Lacka-wanna and surrounding counties. He is a graduate of Penn State University and Temple University School of Law. 
In addition to volunteering his expertise to 
the Lackawanna Pro Bono, Robert is very ac-tive in the Northeastern Pennsylvania commu-nity. He is president of the Amos Lodge of B’nai B’rith, vice president of the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce, secretary of the Jewish Home of Eastern Pennsylvania, past president of Glen Oak Country Club, past president and board member of Temple Israel of Scranton, past president of the ARC of Northeastern Pennsylvania, past president and board member of Jewish Family Services of Northeastern Pennsylvania, past president and life member of Scranton Counseling Center, past president and advisory board member of the Salvation Army Citadel in Scranton, past president and board member of the Estate Planning Council of Northeastern Pennsyl-vania, and a board member of the Schwartz/ Mack Foundation. Robert serves on the boards of the ARC Foundation and the Amos Towers Housing Foundation and the advisory boards of the Scranton Area Foundation, the Kania School of Management at the University of Scranton, and M&T Bank. He is an emer-itus member of the Penn State Worthington advisory board, and serves on the board of the Jewish Federation of Northeastern Penn-sylvania. 
It is an honor to recognize Robert Bishop for 
the great service he has done for his commu-nity, and I extend my congratulations on being 
awarded the Lackawanna Pro Bono’s Robert W. Munley Award. I commend Robert for all the effort he has put into making northeastern Pennsylvania a better place to live, work, and raise a family. 
f 
HONORING COMMAND SERGEANT 
MAJOR ALBERT L. CAMPBELL, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Command Sergeant Major Al-bert L. Campbell, U.S. Army, Retired of Round Rock, Texas, as a recipient of the Texas 31st District Congressional Veteran Commendation. CSM Campbell answered the call to defend our great nation for over 30 years in the United States Army. Today he lives in Round Rock, Texas where he continues his service to his fellow countrymen as a vibrant part of this 
growing central Texas community. 
Born in Greenwood, SC CSM Campbell left 
the 11th grade and entered the Army in 1950. After rigorous training at Ft. Benning, GA, he was assigned to K Company, 3rd Battalion, 187th Airborne Regimental Combat Team and stationed in Japan. CSM Campbell earned the Combat Infantrymen’s Badge and Bronze Star for heroism fighting in Korea. 
Following his assignment in Japan and 
Korea, CSM Albert L. Campbell served as the Platoon Sergeant for the 2nd Platoon, Com-pany C, 508th of the 82nd Airborne, where he was awarded the Silver Star for gallantry. CSM Campbell would continue his leadership ascension as an instructor at West Point pre-paratory School at Ft. Belvoir, VA, the United States Military Academy at West Point, and Howard University in Washington, DC. CSM Campbell rounded out his military service in Ft. Hood, Texas where he retired in 1980. 
CSM Campbell’s service and sense of duty 
did not end with his military service. CSM Campbell traded his guns for crosses as a Deacon at the One Way Baptist Church, in Round Rock, Texas. 
Family and Service to God and Country re-
main at the center of his life. CSM Campbell continues his longstanding commitment to helping those in need whether physically as a caregiver or emotionally at Round Rock Inde-pendent School District’s Opportunity Center, where he helps troubled children participate in the mainstream educational process. 
I am stirred with the strongest sense of 
pride and honor as an American that I should have the opportunity to highlight the life of a true servant of the people. All should marvel and stand proud of an American who so strongly answered the call to serve. 
CSM Campbell’s patriotism and commitment 
to service reflect the very best values of both our beloved military servicemen and Central Texas. Let today be a celebration of one of our nation’s heroes, one who devoted his life to keeping us free and making America a bea-con of hope in the world. Along with his friends, family, and loved ones, I wish him both a happy, prosperous, and healthy life in the years ahead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21OC8.005 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1496 October 21, 2015 
SUPPORTING THE PEOPLE OF 
UKRAINE TO FREELY ELECT THEIR GOVERNMENT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H. Res. 348 in support of the peo-ple of Ukraine in their exercise of their self de-termination to free, fair and uninterrupted elec-tions. 
As the country with the oldest and most 
powerful democracy in the world, the United States has supported democracy, the rule of law and human rights all over the globe from Nigeria to Pakistan to China, to name a few. 
The outcome of the October 25 elections in 
Ukraine is at the backdrop of the forcible and illegal occupation of Crimea, ordered by Presi-dent Vladimir Putin of Russia. 
The rights of the people of Ukraine to free, 
fair and transparent elections is especially crit-ical, with Crimea currently under siege of Rus-sian-led separatists who continue their attacks on Ukraine’s forces set in place to protect the sovereignty of Ukraine. 
Here in Congress, we have worked tire-
lessly to support free and fair elections in Ukraine through our support of its May 2014 elections, ensuring that international standards were upheld just as we have assisted in many elections in countries in transition or fighting insecurity from Nigeria to Pakistan. 
In Nigeria and Pakistan, the elections oc-
curred at the background of terrorism from Boko Haram, Al Qaida and other terrorist net-works, who acted so viciously and caused thousands of Nigerians and Pakistanis to lose their lives and livelihoods. 
Similarly, the citizens of Ukraine are at risk 
of being disenfranchised because of separatist controlled areas. 
To this end the United States has worked to 
broker peace in Ukraine so that the people of Ukraine can exercise their right to self deter-mination though our support of the cease-fire agreement brokered between Ukraine, Russia and the Russian-led separatists which was not fully implemented and the subsequent Minsk Implementation Agreement. 
But I say to the people of the Ukraine, re-
main strong, we stand with you in exercising your Constitutional and human right to choose who will represent you. 
The upcoming October 25, 2015 elections 
are critical for sustainable legislative and con-stitutional reform in Ukraine which will help promote democracy, the rule of law, upholding of human rights, the creation of security, all of which will catalyze the economic, social, cul-tural and political enfranchisement of the peo-ple of Ukraine, securing a bright future for the capable and exciting youth of Ukraine. 
Indeed, here in Congress, we have taken 
numerous actions to uphold the sanctity of the right to economic, political and social enfran-chisement of the people of Ukraine by passing the following legislation: 
The Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014, 
authorizing the United States President to pro-vide Ukraine’s government with support nec-essary to set up infrastructure for reforms that will facilitate restoring Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity including lethal defense services and articles, such as anti-tank, anti- 
armor and counter-artillery radar (worth $100 million in FY 2015 and $125 million in each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for such weap-ons); and 
Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Eco-
nomic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014, which authorized loan guarantees for the Govern-ment of Ukraine. 
Due to its geographical location, the Central 
European nation of Ukraine historically has been pushed and pulled between its neighbors with Europe to its west and Russia to its east. 
This push pull from interested parties has 
caused conflict over the direction Ukraine would take after its independence from the former Soviet Union in 1991. 
For example, in November of 2013, Ukrain-
ian President Viktor Yanukovych suspended negotiations with the European Union over an agreement to integrate Ukraine into various European economic and political associations and instead accepted $15 billion and other in-ducements to enter into closer ties with Mos-cow. 
The decisions taken by President 
Yanukovych triggered demonstrations by thou-sands of Ukrainian citizens in the capital city of Kiev and throughout the country which led to numerous arrests, detentions and violent clashes, which led to the deaths of close to 100 protesters in February 2014. 
In a cowardly act, President Yanukovych 
fled to the predominantly ethnic Russian re-gion of Crimea in southeastern Ukraine, and then to Russia because of the chaos caused by his suspension of negotiations with the EU and the subsequent unrest that ensued, which also caused his unpopularity within his own party. 
After President Yanukovych deserted his 
own people, an opportunistic Russian military force took up positions throughout Crimea, where, under a series of treaties that followed the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Russia had continued to maintain a series of military bases, notably at Sevastopol, where the Rus-sian Black Sea naval fleet is based. 
Indeed, Crimea itself was technically trans-
ferred from the Soviet republic of Russia to the Soviet republic of Ukraine in 1954. 
Subsequently, in March 2014, Russian 
President Vladimir Putin signed legislation for-mally incorporating Crimea into Russia. 
The United States and the European Union 
have opined that Russia’s action is illegal and we have imposed a series of economic sanc-tions on Russia. 
Russia continues to provide military equip-
ment, training and other assistance to separat-ists and paramilitary forces in eastern Ukraine, resulting in an ongoing conflict with an esti-mated 6,000 deaths, hundreds of thousands of refugees and widespread destruction. 
The Russian-led separatists in eastern 
Ukraine continue to refuse to implement Ukrainian law and stand in the way of the Ukrainian authorities to conduct elections in areas controlled by the separatists and hence are a stumbling block to free and fair elections in those areas. 
Yet under all this stress, Ukraine continues 
to strive for its self determination. 
I commend all anti-corruption efforts in 
Ukraine. 
The state Anti-Corruption Strategy Program 
Implementation for 2014–2017, which delin-eates anti-corruption reforms, persons, dead-lines and infrastructure; The creation of a National Agency for Pre-
vention of Corruption; 
The Ukrainian Law on Prevention of corrup-
tion, a new system which outlines financial control with electronic asset declaration of public servants; 
The specialized Anti-Corruption Prosecutor’s 
Office; 
Corruption Offender Registry; and Many more efforts to combat corruption and 
enhance the rule of law and financial integrity in Ukraine. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this resolu-
tion protecting the rights of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future. 
Mr. Speaker, I also urge the Administration 
to expedite assistance to Ukraine to facilitate the political, economic and social reforms nec-essary for free and fair elections that meet international standards. 
The Russian government, Russian-led sepa-
ratists, its agents and supporters should not interfere in Ukraine’s elections, through intimi-dation, violence or coercion. 
The current relentless political, economic 
and military aggression on the people of Ukraine geared at subverting the independ-ence, self determination and the territorial in-tegrity of Ukraine must stop. 
I urge the people of Ukraine to help facilitate 
free and fair elections in Ukraine. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO URBANDALE’S 
WEBSTER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Web-ster Elementary School in Urbandale, Iowa, for being selected as a National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. 
In order to receive this prestigious designa-
tion, schools must demonstrate a commitment to enriching the academic experience of each and every student by closing the achievement gaps among student subgroups. Overall, 335 schools have received this designation. Urbandale’s Webster Elementary School has shown that hard work, dedication, and a com-mitment to excellence can lead an entire school to academic success. The leaders with-in this school have found a formula for suc-cess by working together to improve student- teacher relationships, meeting each student and their learning styles on an individual level. 
Mr. Speaker, the efforts shown by 
Urbandale’s Webster Elementary School dem-onstrates Iowa’s commitment to academic ex-cellence. This award is an embodiment of the hard work and dedication every member of their faculty has displayed to improve the lives of their students. It is truly an honor to rep-resent the students and faculty of the Webster Elementary School in the United States Con-gress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them for their achievements, and wish each and every one of them nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.004 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1497 October 21, 2015 
HONORING SERGEANT MAJOR 
RICHARD ‘‘ROCKY’’ HERNANDEZ, SR., U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Sergeant Major Richard ‘‘Rocky’’ Hernandez, Sr., U.S. Army, Retired. As a man who has lived his life in the service of his country and fellow man, it brings me great pride as a Texan to highlight the life of this public servant who has inspired many to pay the good will forward. SGM Hernandez selflessly served with distinction throughout his life in the military, the School District of Killeen, and the volunteer service that brought much needed help to retired veterans. 
SGM Hernandez was born in Corpus Chris-
ti, Texas in March 1946. Heeding the call to service, SGM Hernandez departed high school early and enlisted in the U.S. Army in May, 1963. During his U.S. Army career he served over 14 years in Germany, deployed for one tour in Korea, and served two tours in Viet-nam. While in Vietnam SGM Hernandez was assigned to the 196th Infantry Brigade, 23rd Infantry Division. SGM Hernandez was wound-ed in action on March 23, 1969 by enemy mortar fire and was awarded the Purple Heart Medal. 
After achieving the rank of Sergeant Major, 
Rocky medically retired in 1989 having been disabled through peacetime and wartime inju-ries sustained in the service of his country. Nevertheless, SGM Hernandez would not be kept down for long. Following his military re-tirement SGM Hernandez served another 20 years for the Killeen Independent School Dis-trict. 
Yet still the call to serve and desire to help 
others burned inside. After joining a local Vet-erans Organization and hearing the voices of veterans seeking help, SGM Hernandez felt inspired to help his fellow veterans and their families navigate the complex VA system. In 1994 SGM Hernandez became a volunteer Veterans Service Officer. Since that time, SGM Hernandez has helped hundreds of vet-erans gain their well-deserved benefits. Today SGM Hernandez serves as Citizen on Patrol, where he continues his service with his eyes and ears to fight crime and evil wherever it re-sides. 
After serving two full careers, SGM Her-
nandez exemplifies what it means to be an American and a Texan. May we follow the ex-amples of great men such as SGM Hernandez and live our lives in the service of our fellow men and country. I join SGM Hernandez’s family and friends in wishing him nothing but the best in the years ahead. 
f 
KNOW THE CBRN TERRORISM 
THREATS TO TRANSPORTATION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 3350, the ‘‘Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Trans-
portation Act,’’ which requires the Department of Homeland Security’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis to conduct a terrorism threat as-sessment regarding the ground transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radio-logical (CBRN) materials. 
As a senior member of the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, I appreciate the significance of this bill. 
On September 11, 2001, 2,977 people were 
killed after terrorists hijacked four commercial aircraft and used three of them as guided mis-siles to destroy much of the complex that made up the New York City Twin Towers as well as a wing of the Pentagon. 
The fourth plane was crashed into a field in 
Shanksville, Pennsylvania as passengers he-roically attempted to retake the plane from the control of hijackers. 
Since September 11, 2001, security experts 
have warned of vulnerabilities that exist should terrorists plan to attack a chemical facility lo-cated within the United States or worse yet, gain unlawful access to a facility, pipelines, or transit routes and steal chemicals for a mass attack against civilians. 
Transportation of chemical, biological, radio-
logical, and nuclear (CBRN) materials across our borders and within the United States may become targets for terrorists who seek to do us harm. 
The 18th Congressional District of Texas, 
which I serve, is home to some of the world’s largest petrochemical producers, which em-ploy thousands of Houston area residents. 
Chemicals are a vital and common pres-
ence in the lives of our nation’s citizens, but we often forget how dangerous they can be under the wrong conditions. 
On April 17, 2013, the small town of West, 
Texas felt the power and destructive force of ammonium nitrate when an accidental fire ig-nited what is believed to have been between 140 to 160 tons of the chemical. 
This was no terrorist attack, but a very trag-
ic accident. 
The accident in the town of West, Texas re-
minded all of us who represent districts that count chemical plants or their owners and op-erators as constituents—how important it is to protect the transport of these products from theft or misuse by terrorists. 
Ports, railways, pipelines, and trucks are 
critical to the domestic transport of chemical products. 
U.S. seaports, like the Port of Houston, are 
vulnerable to terrorist attacks. 
Ports serve as America’s gateway to the 
global economy since the nation’s economic prosperity rests on the ability of containerized and bulk cargo arriving unimpeded at U.S. ports to support the rapid delivery system that underpins the manufacturing and retail sec-tors. 
A central component of national security is 
the ability of our international ports to move goods into and out of the country. 
According to the Department of Commerce 
in 2012, Texas exports totaled $265 billion. 
The Port of Houston is a 25-mile-long com-
plex of diversified public and private facilities located just a few hours’ sailing time from the Gulf of Mexico. 
In 2012, ship channel-related businesses 
contributed 1,026,820 jobs and generated more than $178.5 billion in statewide eco-
nomic activity. 
In 2014, the Port of Houston was ranked 
among U.S. ports: 
1. 1st in foreign tonnage; 2. 1st among Texas ports with 46% of mar-
ket share by tonnage and 95% market share in containers by total TEUS in 2014; 
3. 1st among Gulf Coast container ports, 
handling 67% of U.S. Gulf Coast container traffic in 2014; and 
4. 2nd in U.S. port in terms of total foreign 
cargo value (based on U.S. Dept. of Com-merce, Bureau of Census) 
The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO), reports that the Port of Houston and its waterways and vessels, are part of an eco-nomic engine handling more than $700 billion in cargo annually. 
The Port of Houston houses approximately 
100 steamship lines offering services that link Houston with 1,053 ports in 203 countries. 
The Port of Houston is home to a $15 billion 
petrochemical complex, the largest in the na-tion and second largest in the world. 
With the nation’s largest petrochemical com-
plex supplying over 40 percent of the nation’s base petrochemical manufacturing capacity, what happens at the Port of Houston affects the entire nation. 
In 2004, nearly 155 million tons of chemi-
cals were transported by rail in North America, which constitutes 1.75 million rail cars of haz-ardous materials. 
The volume of hazardous materials moving 
by rail more than doubled since 1980 indicates that rail has become an integral part of the tre-mendous increase in the transport of haz-ardous materials. 
According to the Texas Department of 
Transportation approximately 2,200 trains per week travel within the Houston regional rail network, which is comprised of more than 800 miles of mainline tracks and 21 miles of rail-road bridges. 
I support this bill because we must protect 
the American people against potential ter-rorism through the unconventional use of bio-logical, chemical or radiological materials that have a beneficial commercial or industrial pur-pose. 
Without the proper precautions and security 
measures major U.S. cities such as Houston, Texas may be vulnerable to chemical, biologi-cal, radiological, and nuclear attacks by ter-rorist. 
H.R. 3350 addresses many problems by re-
quiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a terrorism threat assessment of the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through the United States land borders and within the United States. 
In order to enforce the required threat as-
sessment the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall consult with the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Adminis-tration, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border protection, and the heads of other Federal departments and agencies, as deemed appropriate to ensure that such ter-rorism threat assessment is informed by cur-rent information about homeland security threats. 
Congress must take forward action as 
threats of chemical and biological terrorism rise and terrorist groups actively seeking haz-ardous chemicals in order to inflict harm against American citizens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.009 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1498 October 21, 2015 
I urge my colleagues to support me on H.R. 
3350 in order to assess threats to our trans-portation infrastructure. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WELCH’S ORCHARD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Joe and Joan Welch of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for cele-brating their Orchard’s 25th anniversary this season. 
As one of a handful of local orchards, 
Welch’s has provided high quality products along with a dedication to customer service. Thousands of local residents flock to the or-chard each year to enjoy the wide variety of products that the orchard offers, from honey crisp apples to 100-pound pumpkins. For 25 years Welch’s Orchard has been a fun and entertaining attraction for children and adults alike. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate 
Joe and Joan Welch and their staff for their 25 years of dedicated service to Council Bluffs and southwest Iowa. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Welch’s Orchard and wishing them nothing but continued success moving forward. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL 
JERRI JONES, U.S. MARINE CORPS, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Lieutenant Colonel Jerri Jones, U.S. Marine Corps, Retired for her extraor-dinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation. LtCol Jones has served as a guardian of those in need while serving in the military and continues that service today in the great state of Texas. 
LtCol Jones entered the United States Ma-
rine Corps on October 28, 1975. Her years of service have taken her throughout the Pacific theater, serving tours in California, Hawaii, and Japan. LtCol Jones’ dedication to leading by example earned her the nickname ‘‘Combat Jones’’ while living in a tent in South Korea during the winter of 1979. 
LtCol Jones was called to duty again and 
served a critical role during the first Gulf War that plunged many of her fellow Marines into the heat of battle. The first Gulf War saw many families’ breadwinners deployed to ac-tive duty, leaving many spouses and families with financial difficulties. LtCol Jones took this crisis head on and eased the burden on these Marine families during these challenging times. LtCol retired on December 1, 1995. 
Today LtCol Jones continues her service 
with the Georgetown Chamber of Commerce, where she coordinates the monthly business networking roundtable. LtCol Jones is well known for motivating and inspiring the Cham-ber’s members with her warm sense of humor and energizing personality. Nowhere is LtCol Jones’ compassion for the 
defenseless more profound than in her work with the Williamson County Children’s Advo-cacy Center. During her tenure as Executive Director of the Advocacy Center LtCol Jones doubled the number of children and teens helped through the Center. Her leadership, te-nacity, and compassion to serve those in need are felt by all who associate with her. 
In celebrating LtCol Jones’ life I am re-
minded of the parable of the talents found in the New Testament in which each servant was rewarded according to the work they had done. With deep admiration and respect, I pay tribute to her for all she has done with her tal-ents in the service of her fellow man. Well done thou good and faithful servant. 
f 
H.R. 702—TO ADAPT TO CHANGING 
CRUDE OIL MARKETS 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I voted 
against H.R. 702—to adapt to changing crude oil markets—on Friday, October 9th. This leg-islation will broadly remove almost all restric-tions on crude oil exports from the United States. It was ill-advised and represented a huge missed opportunity to address our en-ergy needs comprehensively. 
Right now, we export limited amounts of 
crude oil from the United States, and this pol-icy is working. There may come a time when it would be strategic to make an adjustment on our export strategy, but right now we are awash in oil in this country, gasoline prices are low and the President already has the lati-tude to help some of our strategic partners with limited U.S. exports if he deems it in the national interest. 
Those in favor of exporting more crude tout 
benefits of job creation and lower gas prices. This is dramatically overstated. If some jobs are created in the oil fields, other jobs will be lost in refineries. The Energy Information Ad-ministration estimates that exporting more crude now would either have no impact on the cost of gasoline or only slightly reduce the price of gasoline. The real benefactors of this policy change would be large oil companies. 
If Congress is going to provide yet another 
benefit to oil companies who don’t need it, at the very least it should be part of a larger en-ergy package that would actually help the American people and further our domestic en-ergy security needs. We need to extend tax credits that support the wind and solar elec-tricity sectors, industries that actually create far more jobs than would come from exporting more crude oil. We need to end some of the more egregious subsidies for the oil and gas sector, subsidies that cost the taxpayers bil-lions of dollars every year. We need to reau-thorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund which supports important conservation projects in every community in America. In-stead of passing an isolated giveaway to big oil, we should take any energy legislation that comes to the floor as opportunity to look at energy comprehensively, with the ultimate goal of transitioning away from fossil fuels while keeping energy affordable and reliable for the American people. If Republicans were actually serious about 
pursuing a bipartisan agenda, they would not have included provisions that broadly prevent the federal government from imposing any re-striction on the export of crude oil under other authorities. They would not have included non- germane, vote-buying provisions such as the last-minute addition of funding for the Maritime Security Program (MSP). That is why I voted for an amendment offered by my colleague, Representative A
MASH , to keep MSP at its 
currently authorized level, instead of the $500 million increase included in this legislation. There’s no doubt that the sustainability of the MSP program is in question without increased funding. That is sadly the case for many feder-ally-supported programs, all directly impacted by a Congress unwilling to provide additional revenue or compromise on an effort to finally eliminate the reckless sequestration caps that I’ve voted against since day one. Even if MSP were to receive the relief they need ahead of many others hurt by budgetary brinksmanship, the funding level ought to be carefully scruti-nized. The highly debated, amended, and conferenced fiscal year 2016 Defense Author-ization did exactly that, and concluded that the annual subsidy for MSP participants should in-crease from $3.1 million per vessel to $3.5 million per vessel—a 12.9 percent increase, not the 40 percent increase included in H.R. 702. 
Overall, H.R. 702 was bad policy and rep-
resented a huge missed opportunity to ad-dress our real energy needs. 
f 
CELEBRATING LISA KORBATOV’S 
RECOGNITION BY THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Lisa Korbatov on her re-ceipt of the Boy Scouts of America’s Distin-guished Citizen Award. This award is pre-sented to individuals who have demonstrated leadership above and beyond the call of duty, and dedicated themselves to the betterment of their communities. Lisa’s long and distin-guished history of leadership throughout the greater Los Angeles area makes her an ideal choice for this great honor. 
I have known Lisa for a long time, and I 
have seen the depth of her commitment to making Los Angeles a better place to live. I have seen the pride she takes in serving our community, and I have seen her work with her fellow Angelenos to improve our city. 
Lisa and I share a passion for supporting 
local youth. Since 2009, she has served as a Governing Member of the Beverly Hills School Board, including a term as its President. In ad-dition, she has served on the Board of Direc-tors for USC Hillel at the University of South-ern California, and the Jewish Education Trade School in Granada Hills. 
She has been active in numerous youth-ori-
ented community organizations, including Aviva Family and Children’s Services, Vista Del Mar, and the Boy Scouts of America, Western Los Angeles County Council. And in 2013, she was honored with the ‘‘Legacy of Hope’’ award by Chai Lifeline, a charity that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.005 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1499 October 21, 2015 
helps support and inspire children with cancer 
and other life-threatening illnesses. 
Lisa is not afraid to take bold and creative 
measures to help our children. She initiated and co-wrote a Los Angeles city resolution to institute a grading system for schools, similar to the way the city grades restaurants. In Bev-erly Hills, she has petitioned the school board for safer and more sanitary campuses, and even hired a photographer to help her docu-ment the campus conditions she was seeking to correct. 
I also admire Lisa’s support for Israel and 
the Jewish people: she has been a Board Member of the Israel Grants Fund, a Trustee of the Jewish Community Foundation, and a Senate Club member of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. 
Finally, Lisa is a distinguished L.A. busi-
nesswoman, and a superb example of the tal-ent that women bring to leadership positions in our local businesses. She is a co-owner of the commercial property management company Amalgamated Real Estate Services, where she manages twenty Downtown and Westside commercial buildings. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-
lating Lisa Korbatov on her well-deserved honor from the Boy Scouts of America, and in urging her to keep up her great work to im-prove Los Angeles. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT NOAH 
DE KRUIF 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Noah De Kruif of Boy Scout Troop 98 in Urbandale, Iowa, for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Noah is the son of Jim and Elizabeth De Kruif of Johnston, Iowa. 
The Eagle Scout rank is the highest ad-
vancement rank in scouting. Only about four percent of Boy Scouts earn the prestigious Eagle Scout Award. The award is a perform-ance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained for more than a century. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout 
must pass specific tests organized by require-ments and merit badges, and complete an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Noah has earned 21 merit badges as a Boy Scout. For his Eagle Scout Service Project he and his twin brother Nicholas, who is also an Eagle Scout, revitalized a local school, the Joshua Christian Academy. The project in-cluded a complete renovation of the land-scaping, painting fresh lines in the parking lots, adding concrete barriers in areas of need, and making a sign to help identify the school. The staff at Joshua Christian Academy really appreciated the effort to make the school safer and more visually appealing. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent Noah and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout and in wishing him nothing but continued success in 
his future education and career. 
f 
HONORING COMMAND SERGEANT 
MAJOR ROOSEVELT HUGGINS, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Command Sergeant Major Roosevelt Huggins, U.S. Army, Retired. It brings me great pride to highlight the life of this great American. 
CSM Huggins’ service to his beloved nation 
began July 19, 1961, where he entered the Army at Ft. Hood, Texas. Upon his promotion to Sergeant in Okinawa, Japan, CSM Huggins was shipped out to Vietnam in 1965, where he would serve two tours. On November 6, 1966 while participating in Operation ‘‘Eagle Shot Cow’’ his battery was overrun by a Viet-namese Battalion. For his valiant efforts in Vietnam, CSM Huggins was awarded the Bronze Star and Army Commendation Award with Valor. 
After Vietnam CSM Huggins was called to 
lead and teach in a variety of roles. From 1975–1981 CSM Huggins was assigned to Ft. Carlson, Colorado where he attended a boxing camp. There, he learned the skills that would bring Army Boxing back to Ft. Hood Texas. 
CSM Huggins retired August 1, 1991 after 
more than 30 years of service in the U.S. Army that spanned five countries, war-time conflicts, and multiple states that called him to learn, lead, and teach his fellow soldiers the discipline and skills necessary to defend a na-tion. CSM Huggins continued his proud tradi-tion of service to his fellow man after his re-tirement. In 1997 CSM Huggins organized the first Back to School—Stay in School program designed to promote both youth and adult education. CSM Huggins has served as a role model for youth and adults alike. 
I am proud to have such a man residing 
right here in Texas so dedicated to the uplift-ing and betterment of the community in which he lives, works, and serves. May we all re-member and honor this fine example of humil-ity and service. I join CSM Huggins’ wife Charmaine, their two sons, three grand-daughters, family, and friends in wishing him nothing but the best in the years ahead. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GREATER 
WILKES-BARRE ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Greater Wilkes-Barre Asso-ciation of Realtors as they celebrate 100 years of service to the community. For the past cen-tury, the Association’s members have helped families in their pursuit of the American dream of home ownership. 
The Greater Wilkes-Barre Association of 
Realtors traces its origins with the establish-ment of Wilkes-Barre Real Estate Exchange in 
1915. Today, with over 400 members, the or-ganization is an affiliate of the National Asso-ciation of Realtors and operates under the ca-pable leadership of Charles Adonizio III. On January 1, 2016 the Greater Wilkes-Barre As-sociation of Realtors plans to merge with its counterpart, the Greater Hazelton Association of Realtors. The two groups will form the Luzerne County Association of Realtors. With this consolidation, both organizations hope to provide more professional services to their members and to better serve all of Luzerne County. 
It is an honor to recognize the Greater 
Wilkes-Barre Association of Realtors, and I applaud the organization and its members for a century of top-notch professional service to the community. I wish the Association all the best as its members continue their work for northeastern Pennsylvania through the new Luzerne County Association of Realtors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
on Roll Call Number 550 on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 3493—the Securing the Cities Act of 2015, I am not recorded be-cause I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 551 on 
suspending the rules and passing H.R. 3350— the Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 552 on 
suspending the rules and adopting H. Res. 348—a resolution supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their govern-ment and determine their future, I am not re-corded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD AND 
JUANITA CLOUSE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Donald and Juanita Clouse of Griswold, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They were married on September 24, 1950 in Tingley, Iowa. 
Mr. Speaker, Donald and Juanita’s lifelong 
commitment to each other and their children, Diane, Penny, Cindy and Steve, their grand-children, and their great-grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this mo-mentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.013 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1500 October 21, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY C. PRUIETT 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the career of veteran, com-munity leader, and my longtime friend Jerry C. Pruiett, who will retire after a lifetime of work. Jerry’s extraordinary commitment to commu-nity service reflects the best values of Central Texas; his strong work ethic and his friendly and inspiring attitude lifts all around him. 
Jerry’s military career was but a humble be-
ginning of a life filled with love and service. A gifted athlete, Jerry turned down an oppor-tunity to try out for the New York Mets to join the Navy. He served his country aboard two Navy aircraft carriers: the USS Coral Sea, known as the ‘‘Ageless Warrior’’, and the USS Enterprise, the world’s first nuclear powered aircraft carrier. 
After the Navy, Jerry continued life in the 
civil service for two more years at Kelly Air Force Base. Shortly thereafter, Jerry accepted a Job with ButterKrust Bakery and shouldered the responsibility of General Sales Manager for 28 years. In 2003, Jerry went to work for K&N Management and will retire on October 24, 2015 
Over the years, Jerry found numerous ways 
to serve his fellow man in the Round Rock, Texas Community. In 2010 Jerry coordinated a successful golf tournament to support Nevus Outreach to help children born with skin dis-eases. Having seen his father diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, Jerry wanted to do all he could to help those in need and would later organize a fundraiser in support of research into that de-bilitating disease. 
When I reflect on Jerry’s life of service and 
our friendship over the years I am reminded of the teachings of Christ when he taught, ‘‘what-ever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’’ To Jerry, these are not mere words but a summons by which to live a fulfilling live. I am proud to call Jerry my friend. Round Rock is lucky to have him as a part of our growing community. 
Retirement is to be celebrated and enjoyed. 
It is not the end of a career, but rather the be-ginning of a new adventure. I salute Jerry Pruiett for his hard work and dedication to his community. I wish him only the best in the years ahead. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE WOMEN’S 
RESOURCE CENTER, RECIPIENT OF THE LACKAWANNA PRO BONO’S ROBERT W. MUNLEY AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Women’s Resource Center which will be awarded the 2015 Lackawanna Pro Bono’s Robert W. Munley Award. Lacka-wanna Pro Bono is a non-profit organization established in 1997 to increase the availability of free legal representation for low-income in-dividuals and families throughout Lackawanna 
County. 
The Women’s Resource Center is a non- 
profit organization located in Scranton, Penn-sylvania. The Women’s Resource Center is the sole provider of domestic violence and sexual assault services in Lackawanna and Susquehanna Counties. Since 1976, Women’s Resource Center has provided free and con-fidential services that support justice, auton-omy, restoration, and safety for adult and child survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, dating violence, and stalking. Women’s Re-source Center utilizes a holistic approach, pro-viding crisis and advocacy services, safe housing, transitional housing and civil/legal representation for survivors. Programs are de-signed to be flexible to meet the needs of sur-vivors from diverse ethnic, cultural, racial, and socioeconomic backgrounds. In 2014, Wom-en’s Resource Center provided services to 1,504 survivors of domestic violence and 297 survivors of sexual assault, providing safe housing for 145 families. Civil legal represen-tation was provided for 110 program partici-
pants with 206 case filings. 
Today, under the leadership of Executive 
Director Peg Ruddy, the Women’s Resource Center remains a dynamic force in north-eastern Pennsylvania, helping over 50,000 women and children in Lackawanna and Sus-quehanna Counties rebuild their lives free of violence and fear since beginning operations. Of that number, 42,138 were adult and child victims of domestic violence and 9,949 victims of sexual abuse. Those reaching out for help come from all walks of life, socioeconomic backgrounds, education, ethnicities, and sex-ual orientation. Services are free and ex-tended to everyone, including family members, adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse, and men in same sex relationships. 
It is an honor to recognize the Women’s Re-
source Center for the great service it has done for the community, and I extend my congratu-lations on being awarded the Lackawanna Pro Bono’s Robert W. Munley Award. I commend the Women’s Resource Center for the great efforts it puts forth to make northeastern Pennsylvania a better community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I submit the following remarks regarding my absence from votes which occurred on Oc-tober 9, 2015. I departed from Washington due to the flood crisis in the district to accom-pany Homeland Security Secretary Jeh John-son and Red Cross National President Gail McGovern. 
1) H.R. 702—To Adapt to Changing Crude 
Oil Market Conditions—YES; Amash Amend-ment 1—NO; Messer Amendment 5—YES; Messer Amendment 6—YES; Motion to re-commit H.R. 702—NO. TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT 
NICHOLAS DE KRUIF 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Nicholas De Kruif of Boy Scout Troop 98 in Urbandale, Iowa, for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Nicholas is the son of Jim and Elizabeth De Kruif of Johnston, Iowa. 
The Eagle Scout rank is the highest ad-
vancement rank in scouting. Only about four percent of Boy Scouts earn the prestigious Eagle Scout Award. The award is a perform-ance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained for more than a century. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout 
must pass specific tests organized by require-ments and merit badges, and complete an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Nich-olas has earned 21 merit badges as a Boy Scout. For his Eagle Scout Service Project he and his twin brother Noah, who is also an Eagle Scout, revitalized a local school, the Joshua Christian Academy. The project in-cluded a complete renovation of the land-scaping, painting fresh lines in the parking lots, adding concrete barriers in areas of need, and making a sign to help identify the school. The staff at Joshua Christian Academy really appreciated the effort to make the school safer and more visually appealing. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent Nicholas and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
MEDICAL ASSISTANTS WEEK 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor all medical assistant profes-sionals as we observe National Medical As-sistants Week. 
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Sta-
tistics, medical assisting is one of our coun-try’s fastest growing occupations with an esti-mated 584,000 men and women serving na-tionwide. These medical professionals are central figures in the health care industry as they promote, support, and help maintain co-operative and successful relationships be-tween patients and physicians. 
In the U.S., medical assistants have tradi-
tionally held jobs almost exclusively in ambula-tory care centers, urgent care facilities, and clinics, but this is now changing. Today, med-ical assistants work in private and public hos-pitals, inpatient and outpatient facilities, as-sisted living facilities, or in general practice and specialists’ offices. Operating with a wide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.019 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1501 October 21, 2015 
array of skills at their disposal, medical assist-
ants are responsible for administrative roles such as scheduling appointments, maintaining medical records, recording billing and coding information for insurance purposes, as well as performing clinical duties like taking and re-cording vital signs, completing medical his-tories, preparing patients for examination, drawing blood, and administering medications as directed by a physician. 
With their unique versatility, medical assist-
ants are assets to the medical field that serves both doctors and patients with loyalty and dedication. It is a privilege to recognize these honorable men and women who are com-mitted to health care and work diligently to heal fellow citizens and others in our country. I wish all who pursue this worthy vocation the best, and I urge all Americans to be aware of their sizeable contributions to our health care system. 
f 
REAUTHORIZING THE HIGHWAY 
TRUST FUND AND ITS IMPACT ON OHIO’S THIRD CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
discuss the need for federal highway and tran-sit programs across the nation and for Repub-lican leadership to pass the Highway Trust Fund. 
Federal highway and transit programs are 
vitally important to the third congressional dis-trict of Ohio, which I proudly represent. 
The design, construction, and maintenance 
of transportation infrastructure in the third con-gressional district supports 15,184 full-time jobs, earning these families a total of $602.1 million annually. 
Between 2005 and 2014, the federal invest-
ment in my congressional district has provided $1.4 billion to support 380 highway and bridge projects worth $2.1 billion. 
Republican Leadership’s failure to enact a 
robust, long-term funding bill for our decaying infrastructure system, is hurting our economy and hardworking American families all across our nation. 
Mr. Speaker, a long-term bill helps provide 
good-paying jobs, safe and modern infrastruc-ture, and efficient transportation. 
Let’s reauthorize the Highway and Transit 
Trust Fund today, before the October 29th deadline. 
f 
HONORING COMMAND SERGEANT 
MAJOR GEORGE FRANCIS (FRANK) MINOSKY, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Command Sergeant Major George Francis (Frank) Minosky, U.S. Army, Retired. CSM Minosky answered the call to defend our great nation for over 25 years. Today he lives in Belton, Texas where he con-
tinues to serve his fellow countrymen as a vi-brant part of his growing central Texas com-munity. 
Born in Cleveland, Ohio CSM Minosky en-
tered the Army in 1970. After a period of rig-orous initial entry training, he was assigned to the legendary 82nd Airborne Division. Due to impeccable achievement and promotion to the non-commissioned officer ranks, he was se-lected for drill sergeant training in 1975. In this capacity, CSM Minosky provided superior leadership and shared his tactical expertise with thousands of recruits at Forts Ord and Sill. 
Following his assignment as a drill sergeant, 
CSM Minosky served in Korea, Fort Bragg, and Hawaii. CSM Minosky’s career culminated at Ft Hood, Texas where he retired in 1995 after 25 years of dedicated service. His last of-ficial assignment in the United States Army was Command Sergeant Major of 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division, a critical and prestigious assignment. Among a long list of accomplishments, CSM Minosky earned the Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal, Joint Service Commendation Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Southwest Asia Service Medal, Expert Infantryman Badge, and the Master Parachutist Badge. 
Upon retiring, CSM Minosky’s sense of duty 
did not end with his active military service. Frank Minosky’s dedication to country and sol-diers manifested in his efforts with the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars Post 10377, American Military Retiree Association, Enlisted Retiree Association, Fort Hood Commanding Generals Retiree Council, and the Chief of Staff Army’s Retirees Council. Frank Minosky is also an ac-tive member of the Association for the United States Army and the First Cavalry Division As-sociation. 
Frank Minosky firmly embraced central 
Texas as his new home in 1992; since then, he has become an indispensable local com-munity leader. Belton, TX singled Frank out as its Citizen of the year on one occasion. He has served superbly as a Belton City Council-man and presently contributes on the Belton Planning and Zoning Board. The good people of Central Texas are blessed to have him among us. 
I am stirred with the strongest sense of 
pride and honor as an American to highlight the life of a true servant of the people. CSM Minosky’s patriotism and commitment to serv-ice reflect the very best values of our beloved military servicemen and Central Texas. Let today be a celebration of one of our nation’s heroes who devoted his life to keeping us free and making America a beacon of hope in the world. Along with his friends, family, and loved ones, I wish him both a happy, prosperous, and healthy life in the years ahead. 
f 
HONOR THE WORKERS AT THE 
MAPLE RIDGE WIND FARM 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the workers at the Maple Ridge Wind Farm in my district. Many of their employees recently visited Washington, calling on Con-gress to pass policy that drives more clean 
energy solutions. Not only does the Maple Ridge Wind Farm supply the electricity needs for 96,000 homes in upstate New York, but since it became a part of the community in 2006, it has also provided $8 million a year in tax revenues to Lewis County. What has this meant for the community? Well, at Lowville Academy and Central School, they have been able to add 11 positions to the payroll, add 10 advanced placement classes and keep other important programs such as art and music, all thanks to the added tax revenue from the wind project. This has been a remarkable advan-tage for this school district and the sur-rounding community. I want to thank the 35 employees—all of whom are local to upstate New York—who keep the Maple Ridge Wind Farm operating. I urge my colleagues to sup-port clean energy incentives, like the Produc-tion Tax Credit, which has not only helped the U.S. become the leader in wind energy, but at a local level, drives private investments that can have such a positive impact on our rural communities. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. ROBERT 
WRIGHT, RECIPIENT OF THE LACKAWANNA PRO BONO’S ROB-ERT W. MUNLEY AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Dr. Robert Wright, recipient of the 2015 Lackawanna Pro Bono’s Robert W. Munley Award. Lackawanna Pro Bono is a non-profit organization established in 1997 to increase the availability of free legal represen-tation for low-income individuals and families throughout Lackawanna County. 
Credited with transforming the training given 
to doctors in northeastern Pennsylvania, Dr. Wright is the former president and CEO of the Wright Center for Graduate Medical Edu-cation. Originally established by Dr. Wright in 1977 as the Scranton Temple Residency Pro-gram, it was renamed in 2010 to honor Dr. Wright. Since its founding, The Wright Cen-
ter’s mission is to continuously improve edu-cation and patient care in a collaborative spirit in order to enhance health care outcomes, ac-cess, and affordability. The program includes all three Scranton hospitals and clinics in Scranton, Archbald, and Clarks Summit. Dr. Wright also played an integral role in estab-lishing The Commonwealth Medical College in Scranton and generated significant community support for the endeavor. 
Dr. Wright is a graduate of the Temple 
School of Medicine. He completed his resi-dency training in Internal Medicine at Temple and fellowship training in Hematology and On-cology at the University of Washington in Se-attle. He is a Professor of Medicine at Temple University and also holds a volunteer faculty appointment at The Commonwealth Medical College. Dr. Wright was the Founding Chair of The Commonwealth Medical College Board and currently chairs its Academic Affairs and Compliance Committees. 
It is an honor to recognize Dr. Robert Wright 
for the pioneering work he has done for the medical community, and I extend my con-gratulations to him on being awarded the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.023 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1502 October 21, 2015 
Lackawanna Pro Bono’s Robert W. Munley 
Award. I commend Dr. Robert Wright for all the effort he has put forth to make north-eastern Pennsylvania a better place to live. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE POULOS FAMILY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dan, Kathy, and Pete Poulos, of the Pizza King Restaurant in Council Bluffs, Iowa. For 50 years, Pizza King has been a landmark in the business community. It was founded in 1965, and has been a family-owned operation since its inception. 
Pizza King has hosted events of all kinds, 
from wedding rehearsal dinners, to children’s parties, to anniversary celebrations. Pizza King has been the restaurant of choice for a quiet dinner for two, a business meeting, or a gathering of over 100. The Poulos Family works together to provide outstanding cus-tomer service each and every day. The Pizza King Restaurant is a Council Bluffs institution and has provided delicious food, paired with a warm and inviting atmosphere, for generations of diners. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Dan, Kathy, Pete 
and the entire Poulos family for 50 years of dedicated service to Council Bluffs and south-west Iowa. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the Pizza King and its owners for this outstanding achievement. I wish the Poulos family and staff nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MASTER SERGEANT 
JIM TORRES, U.S. AIR FORCE, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Master Sergeant Jim Torres, U.S. Air Force, Retired for his 23 years of dedication, loyalty, and honorable service to our great nation and his continued outstanding community involvement. His has been a life lived in devoted service to others. 
MSgt Torres served 3 tours in Vietnam, all 
as a volunteer. For his selfless service to our country, he was awarded the Bronze Star, the Air Force Commendation Medal, and the Re-public of Vietnam Cross of Gallantry for heroic combat action among other awards. 
Upon retirement, MSgt Torres continues to 
serve his fellow veterans in Round Rock, Texas in countless ways. He serves in an in-volved role in El Amistad, an organization dedicated to helping high school seniors go to college or trade school. MSgt Torres has long been a volunteer at the VA hospital in Kerrville where he takes on an active role reaching out to patients. Known locally as a ‘‘one man vet-eran’s help line’’ he engages in conversations with veterans to hear their story and help with any problem they might be having. MSgt Torres’ service doesn’t simply stop at con-
versations with his fellow veterans; he also volunteers at the local Round Rock Veteran’s thrift store where proceeds go to help Central Texas veterans. He is beloved by the commu-nity for these selfless actions. 
MSgt Torres is a quiet hero who takes on 
community tasks for his fellow man to seek and ensure that local veterans receive the rec-ognition they deserve. I commend him for his selfless service to the United States Air Force and especially to his community. He has been a shining example and direct reflection of the very best values of our nation by his acts of patriotism, citizenship, and commitment to service. I wish him and his family all the best in the future. 
f 
SITE COMMISSIONS 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to sub-
mit a letter that I and my colleagues sent to the FCC asking for an end to site commis-sions. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow the FCC will finally 
take action to reform prison telephone rates also known as Inmate Calling Services. This action is long overdue. The inmate calling service industry is a monopoly with less than three dominant players. Basically, each cor-rectional facility contracts with one of the big players to be an exclusive service provider. While there is a bidding process, the compa-nies typically agree to pay a percentage of their profits back to the department in ex-change for the contract. ( an average of 48 percent according to Prison Legal News). Sim-ply, the company that can offer the largest ‘‘Kickbacks’’ wins the contract. This is purely ‘‘reverse competition’’. Operating without regu-lation or proper oversight this shadowy indus-try has taken advantage of millions of families and their loved ones. 
I must mention two citizens critical in my 
education on this process. First is Charlie Sul-livan of CURE a tireless prison reform advo-cate who approached me over 10 years ago about this injustice. The second is Ms. Martha Wright, a grandmother, who in 2003 filed a class action lawsuit against these unscrupu-lous businesses alleging they charged ‘‘exorbi-tant and unconscionable long-distance rates. 
In 2005, I first introduced The Family Tele-
phone Connection Protection Act, calling for more competition, rate caps and an end to these insane and insidious ‘‘Kickbacks’’ also known as ‘‘site commissions’’—which is just a polite name for ‘‘Bribery’’. 
For too many years we have allowed preda-
tory companies like Securus to gauge these faceless and voiceless families who are al-ready emotionally and financially devastated. It is unreasonable, unjust and unacceptable to pay $17 for a 15 minute call or $300 dollars a month to talk to a loved one. 
Mr. Speaker, more than two million Ameri-
cans are currently incarcerated in our nation’s jails and prisons. Their chances for rehabilita-tion and a successful return to society are vastly improved if they can remain in commu-nication with their families, children, and crit-ical support services. Expensive phone call rates deter such communication and result in 
recidivism and costly re-incarceration. 
After a decade of no oversight, no regula-
tion and no transparency the FCC has a chance tomorrow to finally right a wrong to a powerless segment of our society. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, October 20, 2015. 
Hon. T OMWHEELER , 
Chairman, Federal Communications Commis-
sion, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN WHEELER : More than two 
million Americans are currently incarcer-ated in our nation’s jails and prisons. Their chances for rehabilitation and a successful return to society are vastly improved if they can remain in communication with their families, children, and critical support serv-ices. Expensive phone call rates deter such communication and result in recidivism and 
costly re-incarceration. 
For the past decade we, the undersigned 
Members of Congress, have been imploring the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to provide a market-based solution to curb these high telephone rates (see the Family Telephone Connection Protection Act, first introduced in the 109th Congress). The Commission is poised on October 22, 2015, to approve a final order on comprehen-sive inmate calling services (ICS) and we firmly believe that such comprehensive re-form is needed to rein in the predatory prac-tices in the ICS marketplace. The lack of competition and the out of control site com-missions paid to correctional facilities are partly the cause of these skyrocketing costs. Simply put, up to 60 percent of what pris-oners’ families pay to receive phone calls from their incarcerated loved ones has noth-ing to do with the cost of the phone services provided. These artificial rates account for hundreds of millions of dollars paid to state prison systems for exclusive contracts. 
For several years, the Commission has cor-
rectly concluded that unconstrained site commission practices are the most signifi-cant contributing factor to high ICS rates. In its 2013 order, Reducing High Inmate Call-ing Rates, the Commission cited many exam-ples demonstrating the correlation of site commission and high phones rates. 
On September 15, 2015, the Commission 
outlined in a fact sheet that it ‘‘strongly dis-courages site commissions’’ but did not pro-vide any assurance that it plans to eliminate or curb this predatory practice. It also out-lined a rate cap of $1.65 for intrastate, inter-state, and international calls. Although es-tablishing a rate cap is a step in the right di-rection, we believe it must be coupled with eliminating site commissions in order to yield the lowest possible phone rates. We, therefore, urge the Commission to use its statutory authority under Sections 201 and 276 to address site commissions when it un-dertakes comprehensive ICS reform. 
We have all heard the stories and cries of 
our constituents who, at times, have had to pay up to $17 for a 15 minute call just to stay in touch with their incarcerated loved ones. We know all too well that ongoing contact between the incarcerated and their families reduces the rate of recidivism in our society. Ending these predatory practices of price gouging at the expense of families is a human rights issue. As the Commission moves towards a vote on ICS, we urge you to exercise the fullest extent of your jurisdic-tion to protect and service more vulnerable consumers. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBBY L. R USH, 
Member of Congress. 
G. K. B UTTERFIELD , 
Member of Congress. 
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.027 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1503 October 21, 2015 
Member of Congress. 
CHARLES B. R ANGEL , 
Member of Congress. 
MARCIA L. F UDGE , 
Member of Congress. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DALE AND JANICE 
WARD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dale and Janice Ward of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the 
very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They married in 1965. 
Dale and Janice’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Jill and Lisa, along with their grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
THE PASSING OF WORLD WAR II 
VETERAN AND PEARL HARBOR SURVIVOR EDWARD F. BORUCKI 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a 
heavy heart to speak about the passing of one of western Massachusetts’ heroes, World War II veteran and survivor of the Pearl Harbor at-tack, Edward F. Borucki. 
Edward was born in Holyoke, Massachu-
setts to Polish immigrants and worked as a machinist apprentice until he decided to enlist in the Navy in 1940. After going through train-ing in Newport, Rhode Island, he was shipped to the Pacific and assigned to the light cruiser, the USS Helena . He moved through the ranks 
to Yeoman Third Class aboard the vessel and worked in the forward engine room. On the morning of December 7, 1941, Edward was running to his station when the first torpedo hit the forward engine room and knocked him into a bulkhead. He was only thirty seconds from being in the section that was destroyed. He helped seal the section of the ship off and help in anyway he could. After the attack was over, Edward helped carry his wounded and dead shipmates up out of the section and to the hospital. 
After the USS Helena was transferred back 
to California for repairs, Edward was trans-ferred to the USS Rockaway and then pre-
ceded to attend various training schools. In 1944, Edward married his late wife, Viola Mul of Southampton. A year later, he left the Navy with the rank of Chief Petty Officer. Edward was able to take advantage of the GI Bill to get a business degree at American Inter-national College in Springfield, MA and a Mas-ters degree at Boston University. Starting in 1955, Edward taught at Chicopee High School and later Chicopee Comprehensive High School until he retired. 
Edward never forgot about his experiences 
in the war and the need to show appreciation to veterans. He was a fixture at a multitude of 
events honoring veterans around western Massachusetts. He worked for ten years as a veteran’s agent in Southampton, helping vet-erans work through what services are avail-able to them. In the early 2000s, Edward led an effort to get a bridge on Route 5 over the Manhan River dedicated to all those who lost their lives and the survivors of the Pearl Har-bor attack. He commented during the cam-paign to express why the bridge should be named for the Pearl Harbor veterans, ‘‘War is hell. We who were in it never want to see an-other again.’’ Lawmakers in Massachusetts gladly listened to his request and in 2005, the Pearl Harbor Veterans Memorial Bridge. 
Mr. Speaker, Edward Borucki was a fine ex-
ample of the men and women that put their lives on the line for our freedom against the threat of tyranny during the Second World War and who served their community selflessly afterward. I would like to extend my condo-lences to his family, including his seven sons, and let them know that the thoughts of a grateful nation are with them. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL 
MAJOR STEWART, U.S. AIR FORCE, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Lieutenant Colonel Major Stew-art, U.S. Air Force, Retired. It is my great honor to highlight the life of this humble Amer-ican. 
Lt. Col. Stewart enlisted in the Army Air 
Corp in August of 1941 and served throughout the duration of World War II. Millions of Ameri-cans answered the call and sacrificed when 
our Allies were in trouble; Lt. Col. Stewart was no exception. As a bomber pilot, he completed 70 missions while serving in the Pacific Fleet; 39 of these in the legendary B–25 Mitchell Bomber. Lt. Col. Stewart later transitioned to the B–24; it was in this aircraft that Colonel Stewart would lead a decisive mission to at-tack a key enemy oil refinery. 
The strategic oil-refinery at Balikpapen, Bor-
neo produced over thirty percent of Japan’s wartime fuel supply and was heavily defended by enemy fighters and anti-aircraft weapons. On October 14, 1944, Lt. Col. Stewart led a formation of dangerously overloaded B–24 bombers on a daylight bombing run in what was one of the longest flights ever undertaken in the Southwest Pacific. Dedication to mission enabled him to stay the course and place bombs on target despite the damage his plane experienced on approach from enemy fire. For his heroism and extraordinary achievement, Lt. Col. Stewart was awarded the Distin-guished Flying Cross, one of the highest hon-ors the military bestows. 
I know Lt. Col. Stewart wouldn’t boast of his 
service during WWII, a trying time for our Na-tion, yet it is his type of heroic actions that led to the defeat of the Axis allies and the evil they spread. Lt. Col. Stewart’s achievements didn’t stop there. He was awarded the Asiatic- Pacific Theatre Campaign Ribbon with four Bronze Stars for the New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago, Northern Solomon, and Man-dated Islands Campaigns. Upon return to reserve duty in November of 
1945, Lt. Col. Stewart maintained airplanes at Tinker Air Force Base. Yearning to give great-er service to his community, he attended school and became a math teacher. After retir-ing from both the U.S. Air Force Reserves and a teaching career in California, he made his way to Texas. Today Lt. Col. Stewart and his wife live in Cedar Park where he was recently presented a key to the City by Cedar Park Mayor and City Council at the WWII Veteran’s Recognition Ceremony. We are honored to have such a humble hero in our midst. 
These few meager words cannot fully ex-
press the gratitude I share for Lt. Col. Stewart and the brave service he has given. I join his family, friends, and loved ones in deep appre-ciation for his service to the Nation. May we all follow the example of bravery, heroism, and humility he displays everyday as part of the greatest generation that ever lived. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,669,947,434.69. We’ve 
added $7,525,792,989,521.61 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CRAIG AND LINDA 
WOLTMANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Craig and Linda Woltmann of Walnut, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on September 12, 1965, at the First Presbyterian Church in Wal-nut. 
Craig and Linda’s lifelong commitment to 
each other, their daughter, Wendy, and their grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
HONORING DR. ROBERT R. 
HOLMES 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Dr. Robert R. Holmes for his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.030 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1504 October 21, 2015 
outstanding achievements in the field of engi-
neering. Dr. Holmes was honored in New York on October 13th with the 2015 Government Civil Engineer of the Year award. This award recognizes distinguished civil engineers em-ployed in public service for significant engi-neering contributions. 
Dr. Holmes earned a Bachelor of Science in 
1987 and Master of Science in 1989 at the Missouri University of Science and Technology in civil engineering. Dr. Holmes continued his education earning a Ph.D. in civil and environ-mental engineering from the University of Illi-nois and began his teaching career soon after. He has taught as an assistant adjunct pro-fessor at the University of Illinois since 2006 and adjunct professor at Missouri S&T since 2008. 
For over 28 years, Dr. Holmes has worked 
as a hydrologist and leading member of the United States Geological Survey. He currently serves as a national flood hazard specialist and the senior adviser on flood science and response for the United States Geological Sur-vey. His United States Geological Survey col-leagues have given high praise for his con-tributions to water resources engineering and flood hazards management during his time there. 
Dr. Robert R. Holmes is a model of excel-
lence in his field and it is my pleasure to rec-ognize him before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NEW MEXICAN 
ORGANIZATIONS RECOGNIZED AS ‘‘BRIGHT SPOTS’’ BY THE WHITE HOUSE INITIATIVE ON EDU-CATIONAL EXCELLENCE FOR HISPANICS 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize three New 
Mexican organizations that have gone above and beyond in serving Hispanic students in my home state of New Mexico. Their outstanding work earned them recognition by the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics as ‘‘Bright Spots.’’ Bright Spots are described as organizations or programs that help to close the achievement gap. 
A total of six organizations in New Mexico 
have been recognized by the White House and three of those organizations are located in New Mexico’s third congressional district. The Los Alamos National Laboratory Foundation (LANLF) encourages Hispanic academic ex-cellence through the support of educational programs. LANLF created programs to support early childhood learning, STEM elementary education, as well as college/workforce devel-opment. The second organization in our dis-trict is New Mexico Highlands University’s Achieving in Research Math and Science (ARMAS). ARMAS has increased the number of Hispanic students earning a Bachelor’s of Science degree in a STEM field at the univer-sity level. The third organization to receive recognition within our district is 〈Santa Fe 
YouthWorks! This is a program dedicated to targeting at-risk youth in order to ensure that they have the educational, leadership and life skills to succeed and get ahead. These programs help raise awareness 
about Hispanic education and the need to ad-dress the achievement gap while serving as models of best practices for successfully en-gaging our diverse population. Together, these programs have helped countless Hispanics achieve academic and social success. These organizations have had a tremendous effect within their particular communities and on New Mexico as a state, by increasing the number of Hispanic students who attain educational degrees. I applaud these outstanding organi-zations for contributing to Hispanic academic success in New Mexico. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL ROBERT 
SHOEMAKER OF THE U.S. ARMY 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the distinguished career of General Robert Shoemaker of the U.S. Army. For more than 36 years Gen. Shoemaker served his country in many of our most trying times and has honored both his nation and the Army through his long and distinguished mili-tary service. 
Robert Shoemaker hails from Almont, Michi-
gan. He was commissioned as a Second Lieu-tenant upon graduation from West Point in 1946. Early troop assignments included Pla-toon Leader and Company Commander in Germany from which he went on to serve in Korea. General Shoemaker also served nu-merous tours in Vietnam and excelled through several echelons of Command. 
His hard work did not go unrecognized. 
General Shoemaker rose to the highest levels of the military and was promoted to four star general and led the U.S. Army Forces (FORSCOM). This command consists of more than 750,000 soldiers, nearly 90 percent of the Army’s combat power, and provides expedi-tionary, campaign-capable land forces to com-batant commanders. Under his steady leader-ship, FORSCOM held fast and true to its motto as ‘‘Freedom’s Guardian.’’ 
Life after retirement for Gen. Shoemaker 
continues to be one of humble service that feeds his passion to help his fellow man. Gen. Shoemaker has served eight years as the County Commissioner for Bell County, three years as the Heart O’ Texas council for the Boy Scouts, and served on the Board of United Way for Texas. Today, Gen. Shoe-makers days are filled with regular attendance at extra-curricular activities in the Killeen-Fort Hood area. 
When I reflect on the life and service of 
Gen. Shoemaker, I am reminded of an oft quoted passage by J. M. Barrie, ‘‘the life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another; and his humblest hour is when he compares the vol-ume as it is with what he vowed to make it.’’ I have little doubt Gen. Shoemaker will find any discrepancies when he compares his dia-ries. TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT CARL 
DEAN CARR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Carl Dean Carr of Boy Scout Troop 40 in Des Moines, Iowa, for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. 
The Eagle Scout rank is the highest ad-
vancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the prestigious Eagle Scout Award. The award is a perform-ance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained for more than a century. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout 
is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. For his project, Carl worked with the FOCUS program at Hoyt Middle School in Des Moines. FOCUS is a collabo-rative program between Des Moines Public Schools and Broadlawns Medical Center. They provide academic and counseling serv-ices for at-risk students between 3rd and 8th grade. Carl led a group of students that cre-ated signs with self-talk statements for a cop-ing area in the school. Students are able to utilize this area when they are having a tough day so they can compose themselves and re-join the classroom. The work ethic Carl has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and per-severance. I am honored to represent Carl and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout, and I wish him nothing but con-tinued success in his future education and ca-reer. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
KEVIN MASON 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, Rep-
resentative B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico 
and I submit these remarks to commemorate the life of Kevin Anderson Mason, who passed away October 1, 2015 at age 44. 
Mr. Mason—a native of Altavista, Virginia 
who resided with his family in Clovis, New Mexico—was working in Afghanistan as a ci-vilian contractor. On the evening of October 1, 2015, shortly after taking off from the Jalalabad Airfield in Afghanistan, a terrible tragedy occurred when a C–130J crashed, kill-ing six United States airmen and five civilian contractors, including Mr. Mason. 
Mr. Mason was a 1990 graduate of Altavista 
High School and honorably served in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.036 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1505 October 21, 2015 
United States Air Force for ten years. He will 
forever be remembered by his classmates, teammates, and members of the Altavista community as a warm, welcoming, kind-hearted man. Mr. Mason was a star member of Altavista High School’s basketball team, and school principal Ty Gafford and coach Dean Hubbard remember him fondly as a cor-nerstone of the Altavista community. He left behind a wife of nineteen years, Tammy, who he met while stationed at Cannon Air Force Base in Clovis, New Mexico, and their three sons, KJ, Brandon, and Devin, all of whom currently reside in Clovis. 
We are forever grateful for Mr. Mason’s 
years of service in the U.S. Air Force and his continued service and sacrifice in defending our nation. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Mason family, the Altavista and Clo-vis communities that mourn his loss, and with all of the families who lost loved ones in this tragic incident. 
f 
HONORING GIDEON R. BRADY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Gideon R. Brady from St. James, Missouri for his achievements as a cadet in the Civil Air Patrol. Gideon is set to receive the General Billy Mitchell Award for his service, one of the most prestigious honors that a cadet can earn. This award is only achieved after passing comprehensive leader-ship and aerospace exams, as well as a stren-uous physical fitness test. 
Gideon began his service in the Civil Air Pa-
trol in 2013 with a deep interest in aerospace and rockets. An emphasis on service runs in Gideon’s family, as his father Terry is a Chap-lain in the Civil Air Patrol and proudly guides him as he progresses through the ranks. 
Gideon has proven himself to be an exem-
plary cadet and it is my pleasure to recognize him before the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CORNING 
CENTER FOR THE FINE ARTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Cor-ning Center for the Fine Arts (CCFA) as they celebrate their 10th anniversary bringing art and culture to southwest Iowa. 
CCFA, housed in a renovated and 
repurposed building in Corning, opened its doors on Sept 30, 2005. Its studio and gallery were modeled to create an attractive environ-ment for its artist in residence program and has two renovated apartments above for those artists. Since 2006, the art center has been home to 16 artists that have come from the United States and abroad. CCFA also holds annual student art shows to encourage young people to explore their talents. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent the 
Corning Center for the Fine Arts and its hard working employees and volunteers in the 
United States Congress. I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating them on their 10th anniversary and wishing them nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT MAJOR 
GUADALUPE LOPEZ, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the distinguished service in both the military and civilian life of Sergeant Major Guadalupe Lopez, U.S. Army, Retired. SGM Lopez has served with distinction as a guardian of this great nation for over 26 years. Today SGM Lopez continues his service to the country he loves in many capacities in the Killeen—Fort Hood community. 
SGM Lopez entered the U.S. Army in Sep-
tember 1954. While he served in a multitude of capacities, his fondest memories are of the tour he served in Vietnam. SGM Lopez spent most of his time planning tactical operations against the enemy on the front lines. While in Vietnam, SGM Lopez was awarded the Bronze Star for his heroic actions on Nov 20, 1969 when his helicopter came under heavy fire. 
SGM Lopez retired in March of 1980. While 
the days of a regimented life in uniform have passed, he still finds ways to serve his fellow soldiers. SGM Lopez served as the Veterans of Foreign Wars of America Post Commander for four years. Today SGM Lopez serves as a member of the Ft. Hood Retiree Council, a po-sition assumed in 2008. 
SGM Lopez is also well known for his work 
as the co-chairman of the Killeen Veteran’s Day Parade and the Memorial Day Ceremony held at the Central Texas Veteran’s Cemetery since 2007. While the long list of accomplish-ments and service rendered to his fellow sol-diers is too lengthy to be enumerated here, I will use SGM Lopez’ own words to convey the sense of dedication he has to his friends and veterans: ‘‘We are soldiers for life; we hung up only the suit, we’re still connected.’’ 
I commend SGM Lopez for his selfless serv-
ice to his nation and to the United States Army. His leadership has positively impacted soldiers and families that he has served. May we all strive to live a life full of service such as his. 
f 
TAKING ACTION ON EUROPE’S 
WORST REFUGEE CRISIS SINCE WORLD WAR II 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday I convened a Helsinki Commission hearing to scrutinize the European refugee cri-sis and help determine the most effective ways in which the U.S., the European Union, and the OSCE can and should respond. The Syrian displacement crisis that has con-
sumed seven countries in the Middle East has become the biggest refugee crisis in Europe since World War II. At least 250,000 people have been killed in Syria’s civil war, many of them civilians. 
The security forces of Syrian dictator Bashar 
al-Assad’s security forces have been respon-sible for many of these killings, targeting neighborhoods with barrel bombs and shoot-ing civilians point-blank. ISIS has committed genocide, mass atrocities, and war crimes, against Christians and other minorities, and likewise targeted, brutalized and killed Shia and Sunni Muslims who reject its ideology and brutality. 
Fleeing for safety, more than four million 
Syrians are refugees, the largest refugee pop-ulation in the world, and another 7.6 million Syrians are displaced inside their home coun-try. 
Syria’s neighbors—Jordan, Lebanon, Tur-
key, Iraq, and Egypt—are hosting most of these refugees. Before the Syria crisis, these countries struggled with high rates of unem-ployment, strained public services, and a range of other domestic challenges. Since the conflict began, Syrian refugees have become a quarter of Lebanon’s population, and Iraq, which has been beset by ISIS and sectarian conflict, is hosting almost 250,000 refugees from Syria. 
Until this past summer, few Syrian refugees 
went beyond countries that border their home-land. Syrian refugees and migrants from a range of countries have since come to Europe in such large numbers, and so quickly, that many European countries, especially front-line entry points like Greece, transit countries like Serbia, and destination countries like Ger-many, have been challenged to respond. 
The UN High Commission for Refugees, 
UNHCR, reports that more than 635,000 refu-gees and migrants have arrived in Europe by sea in 2015. Fifty three percent of these peo-ple are from Syria, sixteen percent from Af-ghanistan, six percent from Eritrea, and five percent from Iraq. Notably, only fourteen per-cent of them are women, twenty percent are children, and the remaining sixty five percent are men. 
The European crisis requires a response 
that is European, national, and international, and the United States is essential to it. There must be effective coordination and commu-nication directly between countries as well as through and with entities like the OSCE and European Union. Individual countries also must have the flexibility to respond best to the particular circumstances in their own coun-tries. 
The response must address ‘‘push’’ factors, 
like economic challenges and aid short-falls in countries like Syria’s neighbors that have been hosting refugees. It must also address ‘‘pull’’ factors, like decisions individual European countries have made that have attracted refu-gees. 
There is real human need and desperation. 
Refugees are entrusting themselves to smug-glers and where there is human smuggling there is a higher risk of human trafficking. I am especially concerned about the risk of abuse, exploitation, and enslavement, of women and children. Already we are hearing reports that 
some European countries are failing to protect women and girls from sexual assault and forced prostitution. The lack of separate bath-room facilities for males and females, rooms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.040 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1506 October 21, 2015 
that can be locked, and other basic measures, 
enable such attacks. There is no excuse for such failures and everything must be done to ensure that women and children are safe. 
There is also the real threat that terrorist 
groups like ISIS will infiltrate these massive movements of people to kill civilians in Europe and beyond. I am deeply concerned that the screening at many European borders is inad-equate and putting lives at risk. All of us must be responsive to the humanitarian needs with-out compromising one iota on security. Euro-pean response plans should include specifics about strengthening security screening throughout the European region. 
During the conflict in Kosovo, I travelled to 
Stenkovec refugee camp in Macedonia and was at the McGuire Air Force Base in New Jersey to welcome some of the 4,400 people brought from there to the United States. A ref-ugee—Agron Abdullahu—was apprehended and sent to jail in 2008 for supplying guns and ammunition to the ‘‘Fort Dix 5’’—a group of terrorists who were also sent to prison for plot-ting to kill American soldiers at the Fort Dix military installation. 
Given Secretary Kerry’s announcement in 
September that the United States intends to resettle at least 85,000 refugees in fiscal year 2016, including at least 10,000 Syrians, and at least 100,000 refugees in fiscal year 2017, the United States and Europe must be on high alert to weed out terrorists from real refugees. Because religious and ethnic minorities often have additional risks and vulnerabilities even as refugees, they should be prioritized for re-settlement. 
Tuesday’s hearing examined the ‘‘who’’ is 
arriving, the ‘‘why’’ they are coming to Europe, and the ‘‘what’’ has been done and should be done in response. European governments, en-tities like the OSCE and the EU, and civil soci-ety all have critical roles to play. 
The United States has been the leading 
donor to the humanitarian crisis inside Syria and refugee crisis in the region. We also have the largest refugee admissions program in the world. However, according to Tuesday’s testi-mony from Shelly Pitterman, Regional Rep-resentative for the UN High Commission for Refugees, ‘‘The current inter-agency Syrian Regional Refugee and Resilience (3RP) plan for 2015 is only 41 percent funded, which has meant cuts in food aid for thousands of refu-gees.’’ 
Globally, he warned, ‘‘The humanitarian sys-
tem is financially broke. We are no longer able to meet even the absolute minimum require-ments of core protection and lifesaving assist-ance to preserve the human dignity of the people we care for. The current funding level for the 33 UN appeals to provide humanitarian assistance to 82 million people around the world is only 42 percent. UNHCR expects to receive just 47 percent of the funding we need this year.’’ 
At the hearing, Sean Callahan, Chief Oper-
ating Officer of Catholic Relief Services, said, ‘‘As global leaders in the international humani-tarian and refugee response, the U.S. and Eu-rope must heed Pope Francis’ call and find 
new ways to alleviate the suffering and protect the vulnerable.’’ I could not agree more. In the 20th and 21th centuries, the United States and Europe have come together to address the great challenges of our time and this is an op-portunity to do so again. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, Oc-
tober 22, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 27 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States military strategy in the Middle East. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Office of Surface Mining, Reclama-tion, and Enforcement’s proposed Stream Protection Rule. 
SD–366 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the Internal 
Revenue Service’s response to Com-mittee recommendations contained in its August 5, 2015 report. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To receive a closed briefing on the Ad-
ministration’s response to the Syrian conflict. 
SVC–217 
1:30 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold joint hearings with the House 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Oversight and Man-
agement Efficiency to examine ongoing challenges at the Secret Service and their government-wide implications. 
HVC–210 OCTOBER 28 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the United 
States role and strategy in the Middle East. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
rural banking, focusing on challenges and consequences. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Jessica Rosenworcel, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commis-sion for a term of five years from July 1, 2015. 
SR–253 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine realizing 
the potential of the Department of En-ergy national laboratories. 
SD–138 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Subcommittee on Primary Health and Re-
tirement Security 
To hold hearings to examine retirement 
plan options for small businesses. 
SH–216 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
our nation’s biodefense. 
SD–342 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine Department 
of Veterans Affairs mental health, fo-cusing on ensuring access to care. 
SR–418 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Peter William Bodde, of Mary-land, to be Ambassador to Libya, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, and Kenneth Damian Ward, of Virginia, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Representative to the Organiza-tion for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, all of the Department of State, and John Morton, of Massachu-setts, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration. 
SD–419 
OCTOBER 29 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs). 
SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21OC8.044 E21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1108 Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7367–S7426 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2187–2193, and S. Res. 291.
                                                                  Page S7413 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative and Oversight 
Activities During the 113th Congress by the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–156)
                                                                       Page S7413 
Measures Passed: 
Superstorm Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan 
Program Improvement Act: Committee on Small 
Business and Entrepreneurship was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 208, to improve the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S7406–07 
Vitter Amendment No. 2747, relating to recovery 
improvements for small entities after disasters. 
                                                                                            Page S7407 
Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing 
Enforcement Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation was discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 774, to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregu-lated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and the bill was then passed.
                                                Page S7407 
Honoring the Lives of the ‘‘El Faro’’ Crew Mem-
bers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 291, honoring the 
lives of the 33 crew members aboard the El Faro . 
                                                                                            Page S7425 
Commemorating the Discovery of the Polio Vac-
cine: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 108, commemorating the discovery of the polio vaccine and supporting efforts to eradicate the disease, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S7425 Measures Considered: 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 754, to 
improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, after taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
       Pages S7374–S7406, S7407–08 
Pending: 
Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S7374 
Burr (for Cotton) Modified Amendment No. 2581 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to exempt from the ca-pability and process within the Department of Homeland Security communication between a pri-vate entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cyber-security threats.
                                           Pages S7374, S7381 
Feinstein (for Coons) Modified Amendment No. 
2552 (to Amendment No. 2716), to modify section 
5 to require DHS to review all cyber threat indica-tors and countermeasures in order to remove certain personal information.
                                               Page S7374 
Burr (for Flake/Franken) Amendment No. 2582 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to terminate the provi-sions of the Act after six years.
     Pages S7374, S7404–05 
Feinstein (for Franken) Further Modified Amend-
ment No. 2612 (to Amendment No. 2716), to im-prove the definitions of cybersecurity threat and cyber threat indicator.
                              Pages S7374, S7381 
Burr (for Heller) Modified Amendment No. 2548 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to protect information that is reasonably believed to be personal informa-tion or information that identifies a specific person. 
                                                                                            Page S7374 
Feinstein (for Leahy) Modified Amendment No. 
2587 (to Amendment No. 2716), to strike the FOIA exemption.
                                                                     Page S7374 
Burr (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 2564 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to prohibit liability im-munity to applying to private entities that break user or privacy agreements with customers. 
                                                                                            Page S7374 
Feinstein (for Mikulski/Cardin) Amendment No. 
2557 (to Amendment No. 2716), to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Mar 16, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\OCT 2015\D21OC5.REC D21OC5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1109 October 21, 2015 
amounts necessary for accelerated cybersecurity in re-
sponse to data breaches.                                          Page S7374 
Feinstein (for Whitehouse/Graham) Modified 
Amendment No. 2626 (to Amendment No. 2716), to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime.
           Pages S7374, S7388–98 
Feinstein (for Wyden) Modified Amendment No. 
2621 (to Amendment No. 2716), to improve the re-quirements relating to removal of personal informa-tion from cyber threat indicators before sharing. 
                                                                                            Page S7374 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing that if cloture is invoked on Burr/Fein-stein Amendment No. 2716 (listed above), Senate vote on or in relation to Burr (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 2564 (to Amendment No. 2716) (listed above), with ten minutes divided in the usual form prior to the vote.
                                            Page S7407 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, October 22, 2015, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees; and that the filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to both Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, and the bill be at 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, October 22, 2015.
                                                                        Pages S7425–26 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency originally de-clared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–29)
                                Page S7411 
Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent 
agreement was reached providing that at 1:45 p.m., on Thursday, October 22, 2015, Senate begin con-sideration of the nominations of Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, Dennis B. Hankins, of Min-nesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, and Robert Por-ter Jackson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ghana; that Senate vote, without inter-vening action or debate, on confirmation of the nominations; and that no further motions be in order to the nominations.
                                                  Page S7408 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: Linda I. Etim, of Wisconsin, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2021. 
Lisa M. Fairfax, of Maryland, to be a Member of 
the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2020. 
Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, to be a Member of 
the Securities and Exchange Commission for the re-mainder of the term expiring June 5, 2016. 
Jean Elizabeth Manes, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of El Salvador. 
Scot Alan Marciel, of California, to be Ambassador 
to the Union of Burma. 
Linda Swartz Taglialatela, of New York, to be 
Ambassador to Barbados, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Federation of St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Domi-nica, Grenada, and Saint Vincent and the Grena-dines.
                                                                                Page S7426 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7411 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7411 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S7411, S7425 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7411–13 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7413–14 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7414–15 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7409–10 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7415–25 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7425 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 7:01 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, October 22, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7426.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AGRICULTURE BIOTECHNOLOGY 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine agriculture biotechnology, focusing on Federal regulation and stakeholder perspectives, after receiving testimony from Michael Gregoire, Associate Administrator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture; William Jordan, Deputy Direc-tor, Office of Pesticide Programs, Environmental Protection Agency; Susan Mayne, Director, Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services; Joanna Lidback, The Farm at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1110 October 21, 2015 
Wheeler Mountain, Barton, Vermont, on behalf of 
Agri-Mark, Inc. and the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives; Daryl E. Thomas, Herr Foods Inc., Nottingham, Pennsylvania; Gary Hirshberg, Just Label It, Concord, New Hampshire; Gregory Jaffe, Center for Science in the Public Interest, Wash-ington, D.C.; and Ronald Kleinman, MassGeneral Hospital for Children, Boston, Massachusetts. 
RURAL DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine a review of rural development in 21st century America, after receiving testimony from Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary for Rural Development, Brandon McBride, Administrator, Rural Utilities Service, Sam Rikkers, Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, and Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service, all of the De-partment of Agriculture; William Simpson, National Rural Water Association, Washington, D.C.; Stuart Lowry, Sunflower Electric Power Corporation, Hays, Kansas, on behalf of the National Rural Electric Co-operative Association; Brian Boisvert, Wilson Com-munications, Wilson, Kansas, on behalf of NTCA–The Rural Broadband Association; and Tony Chrisman, Chrisman Development Inc., Enterprise, Oregon. 
FUTURE OF DEFENSE REFORM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the future of defense reform, after receiving testimony from Robert M. Gates, former Secretary of Defense. 
REFORMING THE FEDERAL BUDGET 
PROCESS 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-
ing to examine reforming the Federal budget proc-ess, focusing on the need for action, after receiving testimony from Michael A. Peterson, Peter G. Peter-son Foundation, New York, New York; and Douglas Holtz-Eakin, former Director, Congressional Budget Office, American Action Forum, and Deborah Weinstein, Coalition on Human Needs, both of Washington, D.C. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
REGULATIONS OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight concluded an oversight hearing to examine regulatory impact analyses for Environ-mental Protection Agency regulations, after receiving testimony from Diana Furchtgott-Roth, Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, William L. Kovacs, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Sam Batkins, 
American Action Forum, all of Washington, D.C.; Mary B. Rice, American Thoracic Society, Boston, Massachusetts; and Rena Steinzor, University of Maryland Carey School of Law, Baltimore. 
MIGRATION FROM CENTRAL AMERICA 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine on-
going migration from Central America, focusing on fiscal year 2015 apprehensions and how improved evaluation efforts could enhance agency programs to reduce migration, after receiving testimony from Kimberly Gianopoulos, Director, International Af-fairs and Trade, Government Accountability Office; Chris Cabrera, Border Patrol Agent, Rio Grande Valley Sector, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, on behalf of the National Border Patrol Council; Kevin Casas- Zamora, Inter-American Dialogue Peter D. Bell Rule of Law Program, and Duncan Wood, Woodrow Wil-son International Center for Scholars Mexico Insti-tute, both of Washington, D.C.; and the Most Rev-erend Mark J. Seitz, Diocese of El Paso, El Paso, Texas, on behalf of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 1419, to promote the academic achievement of 
American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawai-ian children with the establishment of a Native American language grant program, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1436, to require the Secretary of the Interior to 
take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1443, to amend the Indian Employment, Train-
ing and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources; 
S. 1761, to take certain Federal land located in 
Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria; 
S. 1822, to take certain Federal land located in 
Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the ben-efit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, with an amendment; and 
H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken 
into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mis-sion Indians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1111 October 21, 2015 
ENERGY DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the Government Ac-countability Office report on Indian energy develop-ment, after receiving testimony from Lawrence S. Roberts, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Interior, Indian Affairs; Frank Rusco, Director, Nat-ural Resources and Environment, Government Ac-countability Office; James M. Olguin, Southern Ute Indian Tribe, Ignacio, Colorado; Grant Stafne, As-siniboine and Sioux Tribes of the Fort Peck Reserva-tion, Poplar, Montana; and Cameron Cuch, Crescent Point Energy U.S. Corporation, Denver, Colorado. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nominations of Gary Richard 
Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Rebecca Goodgame Ebinger, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Iowa, and Leonard Terry Strand, 
of South Dakota, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, who were both in-troduced by Senator Ernst, and Mark A. Young, to be United States District Judge for the Central Dis-trict of California, who was introduced by Senator Boxer, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
COMPUTER TECH SUPPORT SCAMS 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine when computer tech support be-comes a scam, after receiving testimony from Lois Greisman, Associate Director of the Division of Mar-keting Practices, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Federal Trade Commission; David Finn, Microsoft Digital Crimes Unit, Redmond, Washington; Lew Polivick, Legal Services of Southern Missouri, Charleston; and Frank Schiller, Peaks Island, Maine. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3776–3796; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 484–485 were introduced.
                 Pages H7088–90 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7090–91 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1384, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to recognize the service in the reserve compo-nents of certain persons by honoring them with sta-tus as veterans under law (H. Rept. 114–302); and 
H. Res. 483, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 (H. Rept. 114–303). 
                                                                                            Page H7088 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H7031 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:49 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H7036 
Unanimous consent agreement: Agreed by unani-
mous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 10 or H.R. 692 may be sub-ject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20.
                                                                   Pages H7041–47 Default Prevention Act: The House passed H.R. 
692, to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States, by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 194 nays, Roll No. 557. 
                                                                Pages H7041–47, H7053–60 
H. Res. 480, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 10) and (H.R. 692) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 245 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 554, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 553.
                                                             Pages H7041, H7051–52 
Quarterly Financial Report Reauthorization Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3116, to extend by 15 years the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial re-port program.
                                                      Pages H7060–61 
SOAR Reauthorization Act: The House passed 
H.R. 10, to reauthorize the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act, by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 559.
                Pages H7061–79 
Rejected the Scott (VA) motion to recommit to 
the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 185 yeas to 242 nays, Roll No. 558. 
                                                                                    Pages H7077–78 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendments rec-
ommended by the Committee on Oversight and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1112 October 21, 2015 
Government Reform now printed in the bill shall be 
considered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole.
                                               Page H7070 
Agreed to: 
Chaffetz amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–300) that makes small, technical changes to the bill.
                                                                                   Page H7073 
Rejected: 
Norton amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–300) that sought to restore the requirement that the voucher program be evaluated using the strongest possible research design; would limit voucher students to no more than 50% of a school’s total enrollment.
                                                        Page H7073 
H. Res. 480, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 10) and (H.R. 692) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 245 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 554, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 553.
                                                                          Pages H7051–52 
National Strategic and Critical Minerals Produc-tion Act of 2015—Rule for consideration: The 
House agreed to H. Res. 481, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competi-tiveness, by a recorded vote of 244 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 556, after the previous question was or-dered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 555. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, October 22nd.
          Pages H7047–50, H7052–53 
Consideration of Presidential Veto Message: Agreed by unanimous consent that if a veto message on H.R. 1735 is laid before the House, then after the message is read and the objections of the Presi-dent are spread at large upon the Journal, further consideration of the veto message and the bill shall be postponed until the legislative day of November 5, 2015, and that on that legislative day, the House shall proceed to the constitutional question of recon-sideration and dispose of such question without in-tervening motion.
                                                      Page H7079 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measure: 
Amending title XI of the Social Security Act to 
clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all- inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs): S. 
1362, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all- inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
                                                                                    Pages H7079–80 Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the situa-tion in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the related measures blocking the property of certain persons contributing to the con-flict in that country, are to continue in effect beyond October 27, 2015—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–69).
                                                                         Page H7080 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H7041. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7051, H7051–52, H7052–53, H7053, H7077, H7077–78 and H7078–79. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:21 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FOREIGN SUBSIDIES: JEOPARDIZING FREE TRADE AND HARMING AMERICAN FARMERS 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Foreign Subsidies: Jeopardizing Free Trade and Harming American Farmers’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING DOD SECURITY 
COOPERATION: WHEN IT WORKS AND WHEN IT DOESN’T 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Examining DOD Security Coopera-tion: When It Works and When It Doesn’t’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
UPDATE ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE 
FIGHTER PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-
tical Air and Land Forces held a heating entitled ‘‘Update on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Program’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Chris-topher C. Bogdan, USAF, Program Executive Offi-cer, F–35 Joint Program Office; and Major General Jeffrey L. Harrigian, USAF, Director, F–35 Integra-tion Office. 
PROTECTING AMERICA’S WORKERS: 
REVIEWING MINE SAFETY POLICIES WITH STAKEHOLDERS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Workers: Reviewing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1113 October 21, 2015 
Mine Safety Policies with Stakeholders’’. Testimony 
was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING WAYS TO IMPROVE VEHICLE 
AND ROADWAY SAFETY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Ways to Improve Vehicle and Roadway Safety’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Rosekind, Administrator, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; Maneesha Mithal, Associate Director, Division of Privacy and Identity Protec-tion, Federal Trade Commission; and public wit-nesses. 
EXAMINING THE MEDICARE PART D 
MEDICATION THERAPY MANAGEMENT PROGRAM 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Medicare Part D Medication Therapy Management Program’’. Testimony was heard from Tim Gronniger, Director of Delivery System Reform, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; and public witnesses. 
EXAMINING LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO 
REDUCE REGULATORY BURDENS ON MAIN STREET JOB CREATORS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-
nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Reduce Regulatory Burdens on Main Street Job Cre-ators’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: 
FEDERAL HOUSING REFORMS THAT CREATE HOUSING OPPORTUNITY 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Federal Housing Re-forms that Create Housing Opportunity’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
BURMA’S CHALLENGE: DEMOCRACY, 
HUMAN RIGHTS, PEACE, AND THE PLIGHT OF THE ROHINGYA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Burma’s Challenge: Democracy, Human Rights, Peace, and the Plight of the Rohingya’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel R. Russel, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Department of State; Jonathan Stivers, Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Development; and public witnesses. WORLDWIDE THREATS AND HOMELAND 
SECURITY CHALLENGES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threats and Home-land Security Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from Jeh C. Johnson, Secretary, Department of Homeland Security; Nicholas J. Rasmussen, Direc-tor, National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; and James B. Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
Department of Justice. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held a markup on a committee resolution amending the Committee’s regulations, and for other purposes. The committee resolution was ordered reported, without amendment. 
SECURE CREDENTIALS ISSUED BY THE 
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Secure Creden-tials Issued by the Government Publishing Office’’. Testimony was heard from Davita Vance-Cooks, Di-rector, Government Publishing Office; Michael A. Raponi, Inspector General, Government Publishing Office; and public witnesses. 
EXAMINING LAW ENFORCEMENT USE OF 
CELL PHONE TRACKING DEVICES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining Law Enforcement Use of Cell Phone Tracking Devices’’. Testimony was heard from Elana Tyrangiel, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Policy, Depart-ment of Justice; and Seth Stodder, Assistant Sec-retary, Threat Prevention and Security Policy, De-partment of Homeland Security. 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE 
FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015’’. The com-mittee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a closed rule for H.R. 3762. The rule provides two hours of de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1114 October 21, 2015 
provides one motion to recommit with or without 
instructions. In section 2, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported from the Rules Committee through the legislative day of Oc-tober 23, 2015. Finally, in section 3, the rule pro-vides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of October 22, 2015, or October 23, 2015 for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. Testimony was heard from Chairman Price of Georgia and Rep-resentatives Van Hollen, Yarmuth, and Lummis. 
CYBERSECURITY FOR POWER SYSTEMS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity for Power Systems’’. Testimony was heard from Brent Stacey, Associate Lab Director for National and Homeland Science and Technology, Idaho National Lab; Greg Wilshusen, Director of In-formation Security Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. 
THE EMV DEADLINE AND WHAT IT 
MEANS FOR SMALL BUSINESSES: PART II 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The EMV Deadline and What It Means for Small Businesses: Part II’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ABANDONED MINES IN THE UNITED 
STATES AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR GOOD SAMARITAN CLEANUPS 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Abandoned Mines in the United States and Opportunities for Good Samaritan Cleanups’’. Testimony was heard from Mathy Stanislaus, Assistant Administrator for the Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response, Environ-mental Protection Agency; and public witnesses. 
BUSINESS MEETING; AN EXAMINATION OF 
THE VA OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL’S FINAL REPORT ON THE INAPPROPRIATE USE OF POSITION AND THE MISUSE OF THE RELOCATION PROGRAM AND INCENTIVES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
business meeting on a motion to issue subpoenas to employees of Department of Veterans Affairs, to compel them to appear and provide testimony to the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs on the In-
spector General’s final report, entitled ‘‘Inappropriate Use of Position and the Misuse of the Relocation Program and Incentives’’; and a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of the VA Office of Inspector General’s Final Report on the Inappropriate Use of Position and the Misuse of the Relocation Program and In-centives’’. The motion to issue a subpoena was agreed to. Testimony was heard from Linda Halliday, Deputy Inspector General, Office of In-spector General, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Joint Meetings 
RUSSIAN VIOLATIONS OF THE RULE OF LAW 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission concluded a hearing to examine three case studies on Russian violations of the rule of law, fo-cusing on how the United States should respond, after receiving testimony from Vladimir Kara-Murza, Open Russia Movement, Moscow, Russia; Tim Osborne, GML Ltd., London, United Kingdom; and Alan Larson, former Under Secretary of State for Ec-onomics, Covington and Burling LLP, and Stephen Rademaker, former Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of Arms Control and the Bureau of Inter-national Security and Nonproliferation, Podesta Group, both of Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
OCTOBER 22, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
global challenges, United States national security strat-egy, and defense organization, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine Puerto Rico, focusing on the economy, debt, and options for Congress, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine improving pay flexi-bility in the Federal workforce, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correctional insti-tutions, and the nominations of Brian R. Martinotti, and Julien Xavier Neals, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, and Edward L. Stanton III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1115 October 21, 2015 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Emerging 
Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Adversarial Propaganda: Charting an Effective Course in the Contested Information Environment’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
vironment and the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘Technical Assistance for Rural Water Systems: S. 611, the Grass-roots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assist-ance Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled 
‘‘EPA’s CO
2Regulations for New and Existing Power 
Plants: Legal Perspectives’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: 50 Years of HUD and Its Impact on Federal Housing Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Words Have Consequences: Palestinian Author-
ity Incitement to Violence’’; markup on H. Res. 293, ex-pressing concern over anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incite-ment within the Palestinian Authority, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Russian Engagement in the Western Hemi-sphere’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘North Korea: Back on the State Sponsor of Terrorism List?’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Africa’s Great Lakes Region: A Security, Polit-
ical, and Humanitarian Challenge’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-
gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Ready and Resilient?: Examining Fed-eral Emergency Preparedness and Response Capabilities’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, 
Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 3094, the ‘‘Gulf States Red Snapper Management Authority Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s 2015 Ozone Standard: Concerns Over Science and Implementation’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 3763, the ‘‘Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015’’; and other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating VA Primary Care Delivery, Workload, and Cost’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘A Review of VA’s VetSuccess on Campus Pro-gram’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Select Committee on Benghazi, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Hearing 4’’, regarding testimony of Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1116 October 21, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Thursday, October 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 754, Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act. The filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to both Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, and the bill is at 10:30 a.m. 
At 11 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture on Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716. If clo-ture is invoked on Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, there will then be ten minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on or in relation to Burr (for Paul) Modi-fied Amendment No. 2564 (to Amendment No. 2716). 
At 1:45 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
nominations of Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, Den-nis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, and Robert Porter Jackson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ghana, with 1 roll call vote on confirma-tion expected, and voice votes expected on confirmation of the other nominees. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, October 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 1937— 
National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Babin, Brian, Tex., E1494 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1501 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1498 Carter, John R., Tex., E1495, E1497, E1498, E1499, 
E1500, E1501, E1502, E1503, E1504, E1505 
Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1495, E1499, E1500, E1500, 
E1501 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1503 
Farr, Sam, Calif., E1493 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1493, E1494 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E1499 Hurt, Robert, Va., E1504 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1493, E1494, E1495, E1496, 
E1497 
Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1504 
Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1503 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1494 
Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1498 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E1502 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1505 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1503, E1505 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1501 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1500 Young, David, Iowa, E1496, E1498, E1499, E1499, E1500, 
E1502, E1503, E1503, E1504, E1505 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 22, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21OC5.REC D21OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST