Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H869 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 2015 No. 22 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 10, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AN 
NEWHOUSE to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
the primary responsibility of Congress is to keep our Nation safe. However, we are 133 days into the 2015 fiscal year, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity is without a budget. 
The Department is trying to fulfill 
its mission under the uncertainty of a continuing resolution that is set to ex-pire in 18 days. Last week, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security submitted 
its fiscal year 2016 budget, but unlike every department and agency, DHS was at the disadvantage of not having a current funding level for its essential security functions. 
There is the mistaken impression 
that the Department of Homeland Se-curity is doing just fine under the con-tinuing resolution. Some feel that, if DHS funding expires, no problem exists since approximately 85 percent of DHS personnel are deemed essential and are required to work. While it is true that frontline agents and officers, like those at the CBP, ICE, the Coast Guard, and the Secret Service, would continue working, they would do so without being paid. Is this fair to expect these dedicated Americans to put their lives on the line without pay and the ability to care for their families? I think not, and I believe the American people would agree on the unfairness of this proposal. 
A greater concern is that the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security has warned us that not having an appro-priation for 2015 is threatening our na-tional security. Without a full year’s budget, the Department is limited in its ability to advance the Secretary’s unity of effort initiative to improve interagency coordination, making it more effective in achieving its security missions. It limits the Secretary’s abil-ity to implement aggressively his Southern Border and Approaches Cam-paign, and it creates uncertainty re-garding ICE’s ability to transfer unac-companied children to HHS for humane treatment and its capacity to detain and deport dangerous criminals. 
Operating under the lower alloca-
tions and uncertainty of a continuing resolution also has the potential of de-laying and, ultimately, increasing the cost of needed procurements, including the acquisition of the Coast Guard’s eighth National Security Cutter and badly needed security upgrades at the White House complex to prevent fence 
jumper intrusions. 
The refusal of the Republican leader-
ship to bring a clean Homeland Secu-rity appropriations bill for a vote delays the hiring of Secret Service per-sonnel and the issuing of terrorism pre-paredness and response grants for State and local governments. This jeopardizes our first responders and other public safety personnel from being fully prepared when responding to a terrorist attack or to a natural disaster. 
While I do not question the 
prioritization of my colleagues in pro-tecting our country, I do worry that some fail to appreciate fully the nega-tive impact of inappropriately using the 2015 DHS appropriations bill as le-verage to reverse the President’s exec-utive actions on immigration policy. If my Republican colleagues believe the President has overreached, then the Constitution provides them a path of action through the authorizing com-mittees rather than through an appro-priations bill. 
Mr. Speaker, when we are increas-
ingly faced with the possibility of ter-rorist threats, I urge the Republican leadership to let this House vote on the clean, bipartisan, bicameral 2015 Home-land Security appropriations bill, which was negotiated in good faith last November. This bill will pass the House and the Senate, and it will be signed by the President, enabling our Depart-ment of Homeland Security to con-tinue to protect our country from harm. To do otherwise is a failure in our most basic responsibility as Mem-bers of Congress. 
f 
DECLASSIFY 28 PAGES OF JOINT 
INQUIRY REPORT OF 9/11 ATTACKS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.000 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H870 February 10, 2015 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, in the last 
couple of weeks, the effort to declassify the 28 pages of the Joint Inquiry Re-port into the 9/11 attacks has received a lot of media attention, mainly be-cause of Zacarias Moussaoui’s recent comments exposing the financial link between the Saudi royal family and al Qaeda. 
In 2002, the Senate Select Committee 
on Intelligence, chaired by Senator Bob Graham, and the House Committee on Intelligence, chaired by Congressman Porter Goss, released the Joint Inquiry report into the 9/11 attacks. In a polit-ical move, the Bush administration then classified 28 pages of the report even though the contents of those 28 pages posed no national security risk to the United States. Rather, the con-tents of those 28 pages are probably embarrassing for the Bush administra-tion. Senator Graham has repeatedly called for the 28 pages to be declas-sified as a result. 
I have read the 28 pages and cannot 
divulge what is in them, but I can say that the contents deal with relation-ships. Senator Graham has openly said that the 28 pages deal with the Bush administration’s relationships with the Saudis. My colleagues Congressman S
TEPHEN LYNCH from Massachusetts 
and Congressman T HOMAS MASSIE from 
Kentucky, who have also read the 28 pages, have joined me in introducing H. Res. 14, to urge the President to keep his word to the 9/11 families and declas-sify the 28 pages, which he could do with a stroke of a pen. 
The movement to declassify the 28 
pages is picking up momentum. Just last week, former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich tweeted his support for declassifying the 28 pages to 1.5 million of his fol-lowers. All of the principal players in producing the reports on the 9/11 at-tacks have called for the declassifica-tion of the 28 pages—Senator Bob Gra-ham, Senator R
ICHARD SHELBY , Con-
gressman Porter Goss, Congressman Tom Kean, and Congressman Lee Ham-ilton. I urge my colleagues to submit to the House Intelligence Committee a request to read the 28 pages and to join me, Congressman L
YNCH , and Congress-
man M ASSIE in supporting H. Res. 14 as 
a cosponsor. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time that the 28 
pages are declassified. The 9/11 families have a right to this information in the 28 pages, and the American people de-serve to know the truth about what caused the 9/11 attacks. For more infor-mation on this effort to declassify the 28 pages, visit 28pages.org. 
May God continue to bless America, 
and may God continue to bless our men and women in uniform. 
f 
SCHOOL BREAKFAST PROGRAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to highlight two important new reports released today by the Food Research 
and Action Center, or FRAC, on the School Breakfast Program. FRAC’s re-ports—the School Breakfast Scorecard, and School Breakfast: Making it Work in Large School Districts—show that we have made progress in expanding access to school breakfast but that work remains to be done. 
During the 2013–2014 school year, 11.2 
million students received a healthy school breakfast on the average school-day. That is an average of 320,000 more students per day who received school breakfasts than the year before. The reports show that more students than ever are participating in the School Breakfast Program and are receiving healthy breakfasts on schooldays. We have made real progress in making sure that students who are eligible re-ceive breakfast. The School Breakfast Program, along with the National School Lunch Program, are critically important antihunger programs that ensure that our most vulnerable chil-dren don’t go hungry. 
Mr. Speaker, there is truth to the old 
adage that breakfast is the most im-portant meal of the day. Research shows that students who eat healthy breakfasts have improved test scores, miss fewer days of school, and make fewer trips to the nurse’s office; but for many students, they begin their schooldays on an empty stomach, with the last meal eaten having been yester-day’s school lunch. Monday mornings are especially difficult for students from families who are struggling to put food on their tables at home. They may have gone the entire weekend without eating a full or a balanced meal. Re-cent data from the Census Bureau show that one in five children received SNAP, or food stamp benefits, last year. Too many of our children don’t know where their next meals will come from, making the meals they count on in school all the more important. 
Our economy is still recovering from 
the Great Recession, and economic gains are uneven, especially among low-income families. Too many fami-lies are still operating with tight fam-ily budgets and are struggling to pay the bills and to put enough nutritious food on the table. I am sure that all of us can relate to the hectic morning rush to get kids and parents out the door on time in the mornings, espe-cially when both parents are working to try to make ends meet. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the best at-
tributes of the School Breakfast Pro-gram is the flexibility the schools have to design programs that work for their own students and their own schools. The FRAC reports highlight a number of ways that school districts have suc-cessfully made the School Breakfast Program work for them: 
Some schools have breakfast in the 
classroom, where the students can eat healthy breakfasts at their desks while getting ready for the day. School dis-tricts with a high proportion of low-in-come students can qualify for a com-munity eligibility provision, by which 
all students in the school can receive free breakfasts and lunches. Still other schools serve a traditional breakfast in the cafeteria at the start of the day. 
Regardless of the model used, the 
School Breakfast Program ensures that students, especially low-income stu-dents, are ready to learn and aren’t dis-tracted by hunger. 
The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act 
of 2010 provided many important up-dates to the School Breakfast Pro-gram, including improving nutrition standards. Last year was the first year that the new nutrition standards were in place. Despite some of the buzz about students not liking the new meals, more students are participating in the School Breakfast Program than ever before. Not only are more students eating breakfast, but they are eating a healthier breakfast. 
Mr. Speaker, investing in our chil-
dren by making sure they don’t go hun-gry and by providing them with a world-class education is the best down-payment we can make for our future economic success. As this Congress be-gins the process of reauthorizing the school nutrition programs, we must continue to build upon the gains and 
participation and improvements in nu-trition standards that we have made in the School Breakfast Program. It would be foolish to roll back nutrition standards just because special interests or some students don’t like them. 
Today’s FRAC reports show that we 
are doing a better job in making sure that kids start their day with a healthy breakfast but that there is more work to be done. For every 100 kids who receive free school lunches, only 53 receive school breakfasts. We must do more to expand the School Breakfast Program and increase par-ticipation so that all students who qualify for free and reduced priced lunches have the opportunity to re-ceive healthy school breakfasts. 
b1215 
Mr. Speaker, we can and should do 
more to end hunger now, and expand-ing and strengthening the School Breakfast Program is an important step in that direction. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ERLE 
EDWARDS BARHAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Abraham) for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the life of Erle Edwards Barham, a man who dedicated his life to public service in northeast Louisiana. 
Edwards tragically passed away in 
October. His memory will carry on with his family and friends, and the ag-ricultural community will honor him in March as the newest inductee to the Louisiana Agriculture Hall of Distinc-tion. If you look at his life’s work, it is easy to see why. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.002 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H871 February 10, 2015 
Edwards grew up in Oak Ridge and 
held degrees from Louisiana State Uni-versity and the University of Louisiana at Monroe. He farmed cotton, rice, soy-beans, and corn in the fields of Lou-isiana and Mississippi, sowing the ini-tial seeds that would grow into his leg-acy as a truly great agricultural lead-er. 
His contributions to the agriculture 
community include service in the Lou-isiana Cotton Producers Association and the Northeast Louisiana Rice Growers Association. He founded Fly-ing Tiger Aviation, one of the Nation’s premier agriculture flight schools, which provides an invaluable service to my district, one of the largest row crop districts in the Nation. 
Edwards left his mark on Louisiana 
history as well. In 1975, he became the first Republican in modern times to be elected to the State senate, a position he pursued so he could create a better life for all Louisianans. 
Edwards valued education. He served 
on the Louisiana Board of Regents, the University of Louisiana System Board of Supervisors, and the Louisiana Com-munity and Technical College System Board of Supervisors. 
Edwards and his wife, Bennie Berry 
Barham, were married for 56 years. They had four children: the late Ben Edwards Barham, II; Erle West Barham; Robert Berry Barham; and Amy Barham Westbrook. He was also loved by a number of grandchildren and nieces and nephews. 
Mr. Speaker, Louisiana is a better 
place today because of the contribu-tions that Edwards Barham made to our community. I am honored to have called him a friend, and I know he will be greatly missed. 
f 
HOUSE VOTE ON KEYSTONE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, the House of Representatives is expected to vote on Senate-passed legislation—some-thing that has already passed out of the House—that would immediately authorize the construction and oper-ation of the Keystone XL pipeline. 
For the past 6 years, President 
Obama has hidden behind political mo-tives to delay a decision on the pipe-line. While this administration has continued to engage in partisan poli-tics, the American people have missed out on lower energy costs, thousands of new jobs, billions of new tax revenue, and a heightened level of energy secu-rity that would have been created by the pipeline’s approval. 
As the father of an Army soldier who 
was wounded in the Middle East, I be-lieve that we should do everything we can to end dependence on Middle East energy. 
This isn’t about whether President 
Obama wins or loses. This is about doing what is right for the American 
people. The Keystone project is about ensuring a reliable energy source from our allies to the north—Canada—while creating tens of thousands of American jobs in the process. Approving the Key-stone XL will also help to substantially reduce our imports from overseas. 
Later this week, the President will 
have an opportunity to put politics aside, show real leadership, and sign the Keystone XL pipeline into law. Un-fortunately, a veto threat still looms. 
Mr. Speaker, this country needs a re-
sponsible, affordable, and reliable en-ergy supply. The American people de-serve as much. The approval of the Keystone XL pipeline is a great first step. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 19 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ILL) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving and gracious God, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
Help us this day to draw closer to 
You so that, with Your spirit and aware of Your presence among us, we may all face the tasks of this day with grace and confidence. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House as they return from their home districts. 
May these decisive days through 
which we are living make them gen-uine enough to maintain their integ-rity, great enough to be humble, good enough to keep their faith, always re-garding public office as a sacred trust. Give them the wisdom and the courage to fail not their fellow citizens nor You. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
AMERICAN-GERMAN RELATIONS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, as cochair of the German- American Caucus, I rise to highlight this important juncture in European security strategy, the shared economic opportunities, and the future pros-perity of both nations. 
Yesterday, German Chancellor An-
gela Merkel visited the United States for bilateral meetings with the Obama administration. While the primary topic was mutual security, the visit also afforded an opportunity to display the strong ties between our two great countries. 
This relationship is immediately 
visible through the thousands of busi-nesses, on both sides of the Atlantic, which provide employment and help support local economies. As two of the world’s largest economies, opportuni-ties for trade and investment are plen-tiful. Annually, hundreds of thousands of tourists from our respective nations travel to experience the landmarks, culture, and elements that define both as nations. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for 
many of my colleagues when I say that Chancellor Merkel’s visit was certainly welcomed, and we look forward to building on our relationship. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, there are 
only 18 days left until the Department of Homeland Security runs out of money and shuts down on February 28. 
The Republican leadership, unfortu-
nately, is still wasting time in this body in their appealing to the extrem-ists within their party rather than ad-dressing these important challenges that our country faces. The Repub-licans’ extreme anti-immigration DHS funding bill is dead on arrival in the Senate, as they know. Border security experts have referred to the bill as in-effective, not serious, and dangerous for our Nation’s security. Instead of coming together with Democrats in a bipartisan fashion to address the DHS funding issue and ensure the security of American families, we continue to see the House squander time, moving even further to the right in order to ap-pease the most extreme voices. 
At some point in time, Mr. Speaker, 
we have to end the politics and get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H872 February 10, 2015 
down to the business of the American 
people. Please, please join Democrats and Republicans to protect the Amer-ican people and fund the Department of Homeland Security immediately. Then we can focus on middle class econom-ics, which can create bigger paychecks for all Americans and build new infra-structure, and we can get back to the work of the American people. 
f 
MAKING PERMANENT THE CON-
SERVATION EASEMENT TAX IN-CENTIVE 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today because this House has an important job to finish, one that involves providing some cer-tainty for our family farmers and prop-erty owners at all income levels. It is the conservation easement legislation, which will make the incentive perma-nent. It was sponsored in past sessions by over 300 Members of this House and by many Members in the Senate. 
The conservation easement incentive 
has enabled property owners across the country to voluntarily preserve their land. In some cases, the availability of the tax credit means the difference be-tween keeping a family farm or selling it. In my time as township supervisor and as county commissioner in Chester County, one of my top priorities was preserving farmland and natural re-sources, but it required the collabora-tion and the financial wherewithal of the landowner. The conservation ease-ment legislation that we seek to make permanent will enable more of that to happen. 
Organizations in my district, like the 
Berks County Conservancy, the Nat-ural Lands Trust, the Brandywine Con-servancy, and the French and Pick-ering Creeks Conservation Trust, have all been very, very helpful in making Berks, Chester, Lebanon, and Mont-gomery Counties great places to live and raise a family. Families cannot make long-term decisions with short- term extensions about what is probably their most important, valuable assets. So let’s finish our job, Mr. Speaker, and commit to making this the year we make permanent the Federal conserva-tion easement tax incentive. 
f 
STEM GATEWAYS ACT 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, our 
country’s economic forecast continues to improve, which is a good thing, but we do risk leaving far too many people behind as we come out of a recession. That is an issue for us all. 
STEM education—science, tech-
nology, engineering, and mathe-matics—is a critical vehicle in making sure that all Americans have access to the economic gains that will power our 
country for the next generation. Over the next 10 years, STEM jobs will grow at normally double the rate of non- STEM jobs, and at all levels of edu-cation, STEM careers earn about 11 percent higher wages compared to their counterparts in other jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an enormous op-
portunity, but, to date, our efforts around STEM education have left huge segments of our population behind. Combined, Hispanics and African Americans only occupy about 13 per-cent of all STEM jobs. While women make up nearly half of the workforce overall, only 26 percent of STEM jobs are held by women. In 2013, there were 11 States in which not a single African American student took a computer science advanced placement test, and there were eight States in which no Hispanic students did and three States in which no women did. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a challenge for 
us all. With this in mind, I rise, along with Representative T
ONKO and Sen-
ator G ILLIBRAND , to introduce the 
STEM Gateways Act, which will try to make sure that access to the jobs of to-morrow is spread to all Americans. 
f 
OPPORTUNITY ECONOMY 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the first 
month of the 114th Congress has been a busy one as House Republicans have gotten right to work in tackling the difficult issues facing the Nation. 
We started off the new year by pass-
ing two pieces of bipartisan legislation designed to minimize the consequences caused by ObamaCare. We also ap-proved three bills that will help us on our way to energy independence and that will increase access to affordable North American oil. The House acted swiftly to defund in their entirety the President’s executive actions on illegal aliens, and we passed legislation that would ensure that veterans who may be struggling will have access to the men-tal health care services and support they need. 
While House Republicans have ac-
complished a great deal in a relatively short time, there is still much work to do. We are focused on growing our economy from the ground up, not from the top down, to help get people back to work and restore opportunity for ev-eryone. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, every 
single day, our national security per-sonnel work tirelessly to protect Amer-icans from harm. At a time of renewed threats from ISIS around the world and with the recent attacks in France, these men and women have done the 
tremendous job of keeping our country safe; but unless Congress acts in 17 days, the Department of Homeland Se-curity will run out of funding. 
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh 
Johnson has warned that 30,000 Home-land Security workers will be fur-loughed, and the rest will be forced to work without pay. Is this really how our government should treat its em-ployees on the front line of our na-tional security system? 
In an effort to roll back President 
Obama’s executive action on immigra-tion, House Republicans have attached toxic policy riders to their Department of Homeland Security bill. The Repub-lican-controlled Senate has rejected this bill three times, but rather than taking up clean legislation to provide our frontline personnel with the re-sources they need to protect our coun-try, they instead are attaching all of these toxic riders. 
House Republicans continue to play 
political games with our national secu-rity. I call on my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stop putting politics ahead of the safety of Amer-ican families and fund the Department of Homeland Security immediately. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, a million jobs were created in the last 3 months; the deficit is down, and the stock market is up; but instead of building on this progress, the Republican Party is again threatening a partial government shut-down. This time, it is the Department of Homeland Security. We don’t have many days left. 
Why? Because the anti-immigrant 
fringe of the majority party disagrees with the President’s decision to ad-dress our broken immigration system. If they don’t get their way, they would stop paying our Border Patrol agents, stop paying our TSA security screeners at airports, stop paying the Coast Guard and Secret Service. The men and women who work to keep us secure would have to worry about how they would feed their families instead of protecting our country. 
This is dangerous to our security and 
to our economy. I urge my colleagues to let common sense prevail and pass a clean Department of Homeland Secu-rity bill. The American people deserve their security. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.006 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H873 February 10, 2015 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 9, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 9, 2015 at 1:15 p.m.: 
Appointment: United States Senate Caucus on Inter-
national Narcotics Control. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 10, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 10, 2015 at 11:39 a.m.: 
Appointment: Washington’s Farewell Address. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 14 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1634 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia) at 4 
o’clock and 34 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND 
SPACE ADMINISTRATION AU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 810) to authorize the programs of 
the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 810 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS 
Sec. 101. Fiscal year 2015. 
TITLE II—HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT 
Subtitle A—Exploration 
Sec. 201. Space exploration policy. 
Sec. 202. Stepping stone approach to explo-
ration. 
Sec. 203. Space Launch System. Sec. 204. Orion crew capsule. Sec. 205. Space radiation. Sec. 206. Planetary protection for human ex-
ploration missions. 
Subtitle B—Space Operations 
Sec. 211. International Space Station. 
Sec. 212. Barriers impeding enhanced utili-
zation of the ISS’s National Laboratory by commercial companies. 
Sec. 213. Utilization of International Space 
Station for science missions. 
Sec. 214. International Space Station cargo 
resupply services lessons learned. 
Sec. 215. Commercial crew program. Sec. 216. Space communications. 
TITLE III—SCIENCE 
Subtitle A—General 
Sec. 301. Science portfolio. 
Sec. 302. Radioisotope power systems. Sec. 303. Congressional declaration of policy 
and purpose. 
Sec. 304. University class science missions. Sec. 305. Assessment of science mission ex-
tensions. 
Subtitle B—Astrophysics 
Sec. 311. Decadal cadence. 
Sec. 312. Extrasolar planet exploration 
strategy. 
Sec. 313. James Webb Space Telescope. Sec. 314. National Reconnaissance Office tel-
escope donation. 
Sec. 315. Wide-Field Infrared Survey Tele-
scope. 
Sec. 316. Stratospheric Observatory for In-
frared Astronomy. 
Subtitle C—Planetary Science 
Sec. 321. Decadal cadence. 
Sec. 322. Near-Earth objects. Sec. 323. Near-Earth objects public-private 
partnerships. 
Sec. 324. Research on near-earth object tsu-
nami effects. 
Sec. 325. Astrobiology strategy. Sec. 326. Astrobiology public-private part-
nerships. 
Sec. 327. Assessment of Mars architecture. 
Subtitle D—Heliophysics 
Sec. 331. Decadal cadence. 
Sec. 332. Review of space weather. 
Subtitle E—Earth Science 
Sec. 341. Goal. 
Sec. 342. Decadal cadence. Sec. 343. Venture class missions. 
Sec. 344. Assessment. 
TITLE IV—AERONAUTICS 
Sec. 401. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 402. Aeronautics research goals. Sec. 403. Unmanned aerial systems research 
and development. 
Sec. 404. Research program on composite 
materials used in aeronautics. 
Sec. 405. Hypersonic research. Sec. 406. Supersonic research. Sec. 407. Research on NextGen airspace 
management concepts and tools. 
Sec. 408. Rotorcraft research. 
Sec. 409. Transformative aeronautics re-
search. 
Sec. 410. Study of United States leadership 
in aeronautics research. 
TITLE V—SPACE TECHNOLOGY 
Sec. 501. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 502. Space Technology Program. Sec. 503. Utilization of the International 
Space Station for technology demonstrations. 
TITLE VI—EDUCATION 
Sec. 601. Education. 
Sec. 602. Independent review of the National 
Space Grant College and Fel-lowship Program. 
Sec. 603. Sense of Congress. 
TITLE VII—POLICY PROVISIONS 
Sec. 701. Asteroid Retrieval Mission. 
Sec. 702. Termination liability sense of Con-
gress. 
Sec. 703. Baseline and cost controls. Sec. 704. Project and program reserves. Sec. 705. Independent reviews. Sec. 706. Commercial technology transfer 
program. 
Sec. 707. National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration Advisory Coun-cil. 
Sec. 708. Cost estimation. Sec. 709. Avoiding organizational conflicts 
of interest in major Adminis-tration acquisition programs. 
Sec. 710. Facilities and infrastructure. Sec. 711. Detection and avoidance of coun-
terfeit electronic parts. 
Sec. 712. Space Act Agreements. Sec. 713. Human spaceflight accident inves-
tigations. 
Sec. 714. Fullest commercial use of space. Sec. 715. Orbital debris. Sec. 716. Review of orbital debris removal 
concepts. 
Sec. 717. Use of operational commercial sub-
orbital vehicles for research, development, and education. 
Sec. 718. Fundamental space life and phys-
ical sciences research. 
Sec. 719. Restoring commitment to engi-
neering research. 
Sec. 720. Liquid rocket engine development 
program. 
Sec. 721. Remote satellite servicing dem-
onstrations. 
Sec. 722. Information technology govern-
ance. 
Sec. 723. Strengthening Administration se-
curity. 
Sec. 724. Prohibition on use of funds for con-
tractors that have committed fraud or other crimes. 
Sec. 725. Protection of Apollo landing sites. Sec. 726. Astronaut occupational healthcare. Sec. 727. Sense of Congress on access to ob-
servational data sets. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
tration’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the Ad-ministration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.002 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H874 February 10, 2015 
(3) O RION CREW CAPSULE .—The term ‘‘Orion 
crew capsule’’ means the multipurpose crew vehicle described in section 303 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). 
(4) S
PACE ACT AGREEMENT .—The term 
‘‘Space Act Agreement’’ means an agreement created under the authority to enter into ‘‘other transactions’’ under section 20113(e) of title 51, United States Code. 
(5) S
PACE LAUNCH SYSTEM .—The term 
‘‘Space Launch System’’ means the follow-on Government-owned civil launch system de-veloped, managed, and operated by the Ad-ministration to serve as a key component to expand human presence beyond low-Earth orbit, as described in section 302 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322). 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS 
SEC. 101. FISCAL YEAR 2015. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Administration for fiscal year 2015 $18,010,200,000 as follows: 
(1) For Space Exploration, $4,356,700,000, of 
which— 
(A) $1,700,000,000 shall be for the Space 
Launch System; 
(B) $351,300,000 shall be for Exploration 
Ground Systems; 
(C) $1,194,000,000 shall be for the Orion crew 
capsule; 
(D) $306,400,000 shall be for Exploration Re-
search and Development; and 
(E) $805,000,000 shall be for Commercial 
Crew Development activities. 
(2) For Space Operations, $3,827,800,000. (3) For Science, $5,244,700,000, of which— (A) $1,772,500,000 shall be for Earth Science; (B) $1,437,800,000 shall be for Planetary 
Science, with up to $30,000,000 for the Astrobiology Institute; 
(C) $684,800,000 shall be for Astrophysics; (D) $645,400,000 shall be for the James Webb 
Space Telescope; 
(E) $662,200,000 shall be for Heliophysics; 
and 
(F) $42,000,000 shall be for Education. (4) For Aeronautics, $651,000,000. (5) For Space Technology, $596,000,000. (6) For Education, $119,000,000. (7) For Safety, Security, and Mission Serv-
ices, $2,758,900,000. 
(8) For Construction and Environmental 
Compliance and Restoration, $419,100,000. 
(9) For Inspector General, $37,000,000. 
TITLE II—HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT 
Subtitle A—Exploration 
SEC. 201. SPACE EXPLORATION POLICY. 
(a) P OLICY .—Human exploration deeper 
into the solar system shall be a core mission of the Administration. It is the policy of the United States that the goal of the Adminis-tration’s exploration program shall be to successfully conduct a crewed mission to the surface of Mars to begin human exploration of that planet. The use of the surface of the Moon, cis-lunar space, near-Earth asteroids, Lagrangian points, and Martian moons may be pursued provided they are properly incor-porated into the Human Exploration Road-map described in section 70504 of title 51, United States Code. 
(b) V
ISION FOR SPACE EXPLORATION .—Sec-
tion 20302 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) O RION CREW CAPSULE .—The term ‘Orion 
crew capsule’ means the multipurpose crew vehicle described in section 303 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). ‘‘(2) S
PACE LAUNCH SYSTEM .—The term 
‘Space Launch System’ means the follow-on Government-owned civil launch system de-veloped, managed, and operated by the Ad-ministration to serve as a key component to expand human presence beyond low-Earth orbit, as described in section 302 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322).’’. 
(c) K
EYOBJECTIVES .—Section 202(b) of the 
National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) to accelerate the development of capa-
bilities to enable a human exploration mis-sion to the surface of Mars and beyond through the prioritization of those tech-nologies and capabilities best suited for such a mission in accordance with the Human Ex-ploration Roadmap under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code.’’. 
(d) U
SE OF NON-UNITED STATES HUMAN  
SPACE FLIGHT TRANSPORTATION CAPABILI -
TIES.—Section 201(a) of the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18311(a)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) U
SE OF NON-UNITED STATES HUMAN  
SPACE FLIGHT TRANSPORTATION CAPABILI -
TIES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—NASA may not obtain 
non-United States human space flight capa-bilities unless no domestic commercial or public-private partnership provider that the Administrator has determined to meet safe-ty and affordability requirements estab-lished by NASA for the transport of its as-tronauts is available to provide such capa-bilities. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the term ‘domestic commercial pro-vider’ means a person providing space trans-portation services or other space-related ac-tivities, the majority control of which is held by persons other than a Federal, State, local, or foreign government, foreign com-pany, or foreign national.’’. 
(e) R
EPEAL OF SPACE SHUTTLE CAPABILITY  
ASSURANCE .—Section 203 of the National 
Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18313) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and 
(3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. 
SEC. 202. STEPPING STONE APPROACH TO EX-
PLORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70504 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 70504. Stepping stone approach to explo-
ration 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In order to maximize 
the cost effectiveness of the long-term space exploration and utilization activities of the United States, the Administrator shall di-rect the Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate, or its successor divi-sion, to develop a Human Exploration Road-map to define the specific capabilities and technologies necessary to extend human presence to the surface of Mars and the sets and sequences of missions required to dem-onstrate such capabilities and technologies. 
‘‘(b) I
NTERNATIONAL PARTICIPATION .—The 
President should invite the United States partners in the International Space Station program and other nations, as appropriate, to participate in an international initiative 
under the leadership of the United States to achieve the goal of successfully conducting a crewed mission to the surface of Mars. 
‘‘(c) R
OADMAP REQUIREMENTS .—In devel-
oping the Human Exploration Roadmap, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(1) include the specific set of capabilities 
and technologies that contribute to extend-ing human presence to the surface of Mars and the sets and sequences of missions nec-essary to demonstrate the proficiency of these capabilities and technologies with an emphasis on using or not using the Inter-national Space Station, lunar landings, cis- lunar space, trans-lunar space, Lagrangian points, and the natural satellites of Mars, Phobos and Deimos, as testbeds, as nec-essary, and shall include the most appro-priate process for developing such capabili-ties and technologies; 
‘‘(2) include information on the phasing of 
planned intermediate destinations, Mars mission risk areas and potential risk mitiga-tion approaches, technology requirements and phasing of required technology develop-ment activities, the management strategy to be followed, related International Space Sta-tion activities, and planned international collaborative activities, potential commer-cial contributions, and other activities rel-evant to the achievement of the goal estab-lished in section 201(a) of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2015; 
‘‘(3) describe those technologies already 
under development across the Federal Gov-ernment or by nongovernment entities which meet or exceed the needs described in para-graph (1); 
‘‘(4) provide a specific process for the evo-
lution of the capabilities of the fully inte-grated Orion crew capsule with the Space Launch System and how these systems dem-onstrate the capabilities and technologies described in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(5) provide a description of the capabili-
ties and technologies that need to be dem-onstrated or research data that could be gained through the utilization of the Inter-national Space Station and the status of the development of such capabilities and tech-nologies; 
‘‘(6) describe a framework for international 
cooperation in the development of all tech-nologies and capabilities required in this sec-tion, as well as an assessment of the risks posed by relying on international partners for capabilities and technologies on the crit-ical path of development; 
‘‘(7) describe a process for utilizing non-
governmental entities for future human ex-ploration beyond lunar landings and cis- lunar space and specify what, if any, synergy could be gained from— 
‘‘(A) partnerships using Space Act Agree-
ments (as defined in section 2 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2015); or 
‘‘(B) other acquisition instruments; ‘‘(8) include in the Human Exploration 
Roadmap an addendum from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Advi-sory Council, and an addendum from the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, each with a statement of review of the Human Explo-ration Roadmap that shall include— 
‘‘(A) subjects of agreement; ‘‘(B) areas of concern; and ‘‘(C) recommendations; and ‘‘(9) include in the Human Exploration 
Roadmap an examination of the benefits of utilizing current Administration launch fa-cilities for trans-lunar missions. 
‘‘(d) U
PDATES .—The Administrator shall 
update such Human Exploration Roadmap as needed but no less frequently than every 2 years and include it in the budget for that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H875 February 10, 2015 
fiscal year transmitted to Congress under 
section 1105(a) of title 31, and describe— 
‘‘(1) the achievements and goals reached in 
the process of developing such capabilities and technologies during the 2-year period prior to the submission of the update to Con-gress; and 
‘‘(2) the expected goals and achievements 
in the following 2-year period. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the 
terms ‘Orion crew capsule’ and ‘Space Launch System’ have the meanings given such terms in section 20302.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a copy of the Human Exploration Roadmap developed under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(2) U
PDATES .—The Administrator shall 
transmit a copy of each updated Human Ex-ploration Roadmap to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 7 days after such Human Exploration Roadmap is updated. 
SEC. 203. SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the Space Launch System is the most 
practical approach to reaching the Moon, Mars, and beyond, and Congress reaffirms the policy and minimum capability require-ments for the Space Launch System con-tained in section 302 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322); 
(2) the primary goal for the design of the 
fully integrated Space Launch System, in-cluding an upper stage needed to go beyond low-Earth orbit, is to safely carry a total payload to enable human space exploration of the Moon, Mars, and beyond over the course of the next century as required in sec-tion 302(c) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)); and 
(3) in order to promote safety and reduce 
programmatic risk, the Administrator shall budget for and undertake a robust ground test and uncrewed and crewed flight test and demonstration program for the Space Launch System and the Orion crew capsule and shall budget for an operational flight rate sufficient to maintain safety and oper-ational readiness. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the President’s annual budget requests for the Space Launch System and Orion crew capsule development, test, and operational phases should strive to accu-rately reflect the resource requirements of each of those phases, consistent with the pol-icy established in section 201(a) of this Act. 
(c) I
NGENERAL .—Given the critical impor-
tance of a heavy-lift launch vehicle and crewed spacecraft to enable the achievement of the goal established in section 201(a) of this Act, as well as the accomplishment of intermediate exploration milestones and the provision of a backup capability to transfer crew and cargo to the International Space Station, the Administrator shall make the expeditious development, test, and achieve-ment of operational readiness of the Space Launch System and the Orion crew capsule the highest priority of the exploration pro-gram. 
(d) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
REVIEW .—Not later than 270 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on the Admin-istration’s acquisition of ground systems in support of the Space Launch System. The re-port shall assess the extent to which ground systems acquired in support of the Space Launch System are focused on the direct support of the Space Launch System and shall identify any ground support projects or activities that the Administration is under-taking that do not solely or primarily sup-port the Space Launch System. 
(e) U
TILIZATION REPORT .—The Adminis-
trator, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall prepare a report that addresses the effort and budget required to enable and utilize a cargo variant of the 130-ton Space Launch System configuration described in section 302(c) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)). This report shall also include consideration of the technical requirements of the scientific and national security communities related to such Space Launch System and shall directly assess the utility and estimated cost savings obtained by using such Space Launch System for na-tional security and space science missions. The Administrator shall transmit such re-port to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(f) N
AMING COMPETITION .—Beginning not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act and concluding not later than 1 year after such date of enactment, the Administrator shall conduct a well-pub-licized competition among students in ele-
mentary and secondary schools to name the elements of the Administration’s exploration program, including— 
(1) a name for the deep space human explo-
ration program as a whole, which includes the Space Launch System, the Orion crew capsule, and future missions; and 
(2) a name for the Space Launch System. 
(g) A
DVANCED BOOSTER COMPETITION .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Asso-ciate Administrator of the Administration shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— 
(A) describes the estimated total develop-
ment cost of an advanced booster for the Space Launch System; 
(B) details any reductions or increases to 
the development cost of the Space Launch System which may result from conducting a competition for an advanced booster; and 
(C) outlines any potential schedule delay 
to the Space Launch System 2017 Explo-ration Mission–1 launch as a result of in-creased costs associated with conducting a competition for an advanced booster. 
(2) C
OMPETITION .—If the Associate Admin-
istrator reports reductions pursuant to para-graph (1)(B), and no adverse schedule impact pursuant to paragraph (1)(C), then the Ad-ministration shall conduct a full and open competition for an advanced booster for the Space Launch System to meet the require-ments described in section 302(c) of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)), to begin as soon as practicable after the development of the upper stage has been initiated. 
SEC. 204. ORION CREW CAPSULE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Orion crew capsule 
shall meet the practical needs and the min-imum capability requirements described in 
section 303 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— 
(1) detailing those components and systems 
of the Orion crew capsule that ensure it is in compliance with section 303(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 18323(b)); 
(2) detailing the expected date that the 
Orion crew capsule will be available to trans-port crew and cargo to the International Space Station; and 
(3) certifying that the requirements of sec-
tion 303(b)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 18323(b)(3)) will be met by the Administra-tion. 
SEC. 205. SPACE RADIATION. 
(a) S TRATEGY AND PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
develop a space radiation mitigation and management strategy and implementation plan to enable the achievement of the goal established in section 201 that includes key research and monitoring requirements, mile-stones, a timetable, and an estimate of facil-ity and budgetary requirements. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—The strategy shall in-
clude a mechanism for coordinating Admin-istration research, technology, facilities, en-gineering, operations, and other functions required to support the strategy and plan. 
(3) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the strategy and plan to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(b) S
PACE RADIATION RESEARCH FACILI -
TIES.—The Administrator, in consultation 
with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, shall assess the national capabili-ties for carrying out critical ground-based research on space radiation biology and shall identify any issues that could affect the abil-ity to carry out that research. 
SEC. 206. PLANETARY PROTECTION FOR HUMAN 
EXPLORATION MISSIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Administrator shall enter 
into an arrangement with the National Academies for a study to explore the plan-etary protection ramifications of potential future missions by astronauts such as to the lunar polar regions, near-Earth asteroids, the moons of Mars, and the surface of Mars. 
(b) S
COPE.—The study shall— 
(1) collate and summarize what has been 
done to date with respect to planetary pro-tection measures to be applied to potential human missions such as to the lunar polar regions, near-Earth asteroids, the moons of Mars, and the surface of Mars; 
(2) identify and document planetary pro-
tection concerns associated with potential human missions such as to the lunar polar regions, near-Earth asteroids, the moons of Mars, and the surface of Mars; 
(3) develop a methodology, if possible, for 
defining and classifying the degree of con-cern associated with each likely destination; 
(4) assess likely methodologies for address-
ing planetary protection concerns; and 
(5) identify areas for future research to re-
duce current uncertainties. 
(c) C
OMPLETION DATE.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide the re-sults of the study to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H876 February 10, 2015 
of Representatives and the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Subtitle B—Space Operations 
SEC. 211. INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The International Space Station is an 
ideal testbed for future exploration systems development, including long-duration space travel. 
(2) The use of the private market to pro-
vide cargo and crew transportation services is currently the most expeditious process to restore domestic access to the International Space Station and low-Earth orbit. 
(3) Government access to low-Earth orbit 
is paramount to the continued success of the International Space Station and National Laboratory. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—The following is the pol-
icy of the United States: 
(1) The United States International Space 
Station program shall have two primary ob-jectives: supporting achievement of the goal established in section 201 of this Act and pur-suing a research program that advances knowledge and provides benefits to the Na-tion. It shall continue to be the policy of the United States to, in consultation with its international partners in the International Space Station program, support full and complete utilization of the International Space Station. 
(2) The International Space Station shall 
be utilized to the maximum extent prac-ticable for the development of capabilities and technologies needed for the future of human exploration beyond low-Earth orbit and shall be considered in the development of the Human Exploration Roadmap devel-oped under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code. 
(3) The Administrator shall, in consulta-
tion with the International Space Station partners— 
(A) take all necessary measures to support 
the operation and full utilization of the International Space Station; and 
(B) seek to minimize, to the extent prac-
ticable, the operating costs of the Inter-national Space Station. 
(4) Reliance on foreign carriers for crew 
transfer is unacceptable, and the Nation’s human space flight program must acquire the capability to launch United States astro-nauts on United States rockets from United States soil as soon as is safe and practically possible, whether on Government-owned and operated space transportation systems or privately owned systems that have been cer-tified for flight by the appropriate Federal agencies. 
(c) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress 
reaffirms— 
(1) its commitment to the development of 
a commercially developed launch and deliv-ery system to the International Space Sta-tion for crew missions as expressed in the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 
109–155), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–422), and the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–267); 
(2) that the Administration shall make use 
of United States commercially provided International Space Station crew transfer and crew rescue services to the maximum ex-tent practicable; 
(3) that the Orion crew capsule shall pro-
vide an alternative means of delivery of crew and cargo to the International Space Sta-tion, in the event other vehicles, whether commercial vehicles or partner-supplied ve-hicles, are unable to perform that function; and (4) the policy stated in section 501(b) of the 
National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351(b)) that the Administration shall pur-sue international, commercial, and intragovernmental means to maximize Inter-national Space Station logistics supply, maintenance, and operational capabilities, reduce risks to International Space Station systems sustainability, and offset and mini-mize United States operations costs relating to the International Space Station. 
(d) A
SSURED ACCESS TO LOW-EARTH  
ORBIT.—Section 70501(a) of title 51, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) P OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
the United States to maintain an uninter-rupted capability for human space flight and operations in low-Earth orbit, and beyond, as an essential instrument of national security and the capability to ensure continued United States participation and leadership in the exploration and utilization of space.’’. 
(e) R
EPEALS .— 
(1) U SE OF SPACE SHUTTLE OR ALTER -
NATIVES .—Chapter 701 of title 51, United 
States Code, and the item relating to such chapter in the table of chapters for such title, are repealed. 
(2) S
HUTTLE PRICING POLICY FOR COMMER -
CIAL AND FOREIGN USERS .—Chapter 703 of title 
51, United States Code, and the item relating to such chapter in the table of chapters for such title, are repealed. 
(3) S
HUTTLE PRIVATIZATION .—Section 50133 
of title 51, United States Code, and the item relating to such section in the table of sec-tions for chapter 501 of such title, are re-pealed. 
(f) E
XTENSION CRITERIA REPORT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the feasibility of extending the operation of the International Space Station that includes— 
(1) criteria for defining the International 
Space Station as a research success; 
(2) any necessary contributions to enabling 
execution of the Human Exploration Road-map developed under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code; 
(3) cost estimates for operating the Inter-
national Space Station to achieve the cri-teria required under paragraph (1); 
(4) cost estimates for extending operations 
to 2024 and 2030; 
(5) an assessment of how the defined cri-
teria under paragraph (1) respond to the Na-tional Academies Decadal Survey on Biologi-cal and Physical Sciences in Space; and 
(6) an identification of the actions and cost 
estimate needed to deorbit the International Space Station once a decision is made to deorbit the laboratory. 
(g) S
TRATEGIC PLAN FOR INTERNATIONAL  
SPACE STATION RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office 
of Science and Technology Policy, in con-sultation with the Administrator, academia, other Federal agencies, the International Space Station National Laboratory Advisory Committee, and other potential stake-holders, shall develop and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a strategic plan for conducting competitive, peer-re-viewed research in physical and life sciences and related technologies on the Inter-national Space Station through at least 2020. 
(2) P
LAN REQUIREMENTS .—The strategic 
plan shall— 
(A) be consistent with the priorities and 
recommendations established by the Na-tional Academies in its Decadal Survey on 
Biological and Physical Sciences in Space; 
(B) provide a research timeline and iden-
tify resource requirements for its implemen-tation, including the facilities and instru-mentation necessary for the conduct of such research; and 
(C) identify— (i) criteria for the proposed research, in-
cluding— 
(I) a justification for the research to be 
carried out in the space microgravity envi-ronment; 
(II) the use of model systems; (III) the testing of flight hardware to un-
derstand and ensure its functioning in the microgravity environment; 
(IV) the use of controls to help distinguish 
among the direct and indirect effects of microgravity, among other effects of the flight or space environment; 
(V) approaches for facilitating data collec-
tion, analysis, and interpretation; 
(VI) procedures to ensure repetition of ex-
periments, as needed; 
(VII) support for timely presentation of the 
peer-reviewed results of the research; 
(VIII) defined metrics for the success of 
each study; and 
(IX) how these activities enable the Human 
Exploration Roadmap described in section 70504 of title 51, United States Code; 
(ii) instrumentation required to support 
the measurements and analysis of the re-search to be carried out under the strategic plan; 
(iii) the capabilities needed to support di-
rect, real-time communications between as-tronauts working on research experiments onboard the International Space Station and the principal investigator on the ground; 
(iv) a process for involving the external 
user community in research planning, in-cluding planning for relevant flight hardware and instrumentation, and for utilization of the International Space Station, free flyers, or other research platforms; 
(v) the acquisition strategy the Adminis-
tration plans to use to acquire any new sup-port capabilities which are not operational on the International Space Station as of the date of enactment of this Act, and the cri-teria the Administration will apply if less than full and open competition is selected; and 
(vi) defined metrics for success of the re-
search plan. 
(3) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the progress of the orga-nization chosen for the management of the International Space Station National Lab-oratory as directed in section 504 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354). 
(B) S
PECIFIC REQUIREMENTS .—The report 
shall assess the management, organization, and performance of such organization and shall include a review of the status of each of the 7 required activities listed in section 504(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 18354(c)). 
SEC. 212. BARRIERS IMPEDING ENHANCED UTILI-
ZATION OF THE ISS’S NATIONAL LAB-ORATORY BY COMMERCIAL COMPA-NIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) enhanced utilization of the Inter-
national Space Station’s National Labora-tory requires a full understanding of the bar-riers impeding such utilization and actions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H877 February 10, 2015 
needed to be taken to remove or mitigate 
them to the maximum extent practicable; and 
(2) doing so will allow the Administration 
to encourage commercial companies to in-vest in microgravity research using National Laboratory research facilities. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies for an assessment to— 
(1) identify barriers impeding enhanced 
utilization of the International Space Sta-tion’s National Laboratory; 
(2) recommend ways to encourage commer-
cial companies to make greater use of the International Space Station’s National Lab-oratory, including corporate investment in microgravity research; and 
(3) identify any legislative changes that 
may be required. 
(c) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate the results of the assess-ment described in subsection (b). 
SEC. 213. UTILIZATION OF INTERNATIONAL 
SPACE STATION FOR SCIENCE MIS-SIONS. 
The Administrator shall utilize the Inter-
national Space Station for Science Mission Directorate missions in low-Earth orbit wherever it is practical and cost effective to do so. 
SEC. 214. INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION 
CARGO RESUPPLY SERVICES LES-SONS LEARNED. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that— 
(1) identifies the lessons learned to date 
from the Commercial Resupply Services con-tract; 
(2) indicates whether changes are needed to 
the manner in which the Administration pro-cures and manages similar services upon the expiration of the existing Commercial Re-supply Services contract; and 
(3) identifies any lessons learned from the 
Commercial Resupply Services contract that should be applied to the procurement and management of commercially provided crew transfer services to and from the Inter-national Space Station. 
SEC. 215. COMMERCIAL CREW PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that once developed and certified to meet the Administration’s safety and reli-ability requirements, United States commer-cially provided crew transportation systems offer the potential of serving as the primary means of transporting American astronauts and international partner astronauts to and from the International Space Station and serving as International Space Station emer-gency crew rescue vehicles. At the same time, the budgetary assumptions used by the Administration in its planning for the Com-mercial Crew Program have consistently as-sumed significantly higher funding levels than have been authorized and appropriated by Congress. It is the sense of Congress that credibility in the Administration’s budg-etary estimates for the Commercial Crew Program can be enhanced by an independ-ently developed cost estimate. Such credi-bility in budgetary estimates is an impor-tant factor in understanding program risk. 
(b) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the Ad-
ministration’s Commercial Crew Program shall be to assist the development of at least one crew transportation system to carry Ad-
ministration astronauts safely, reliably, and affordably to and from the International Space Station and to serve as an emergency crew rescue vehicle as soon as practicable within the funding levels authorized. The Administration shall not use any consider-ations beyond this objective in the overall acquisition strategy. 
(c) S
AFETY .—Consistent with the findings 
and recommendations of the Columbia Acci-dent Investigation Board, the Administra-tion shall ensure that safety and the mini-mization of the probability of loss of crew are the highest priorities of the commercial crew transportation program. 
(d) C
OST MINIMIZATION .—The Adminis-
trator shall strive through the competitive selection process to minimize the life cycle cost to the Administration through the planned period of commercially provided crew transportation services. 
(e) T
RANSPARENCY .—Transparency is the 
cornerstone of ensuring a safe and reliable commercial crew transportation service to the International Space Station. The Admin-istrator shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, ensure that every commercial crew transportation services provider has pro-vided evidence-based support for their costs and schedule. 
(f) I
NDEPENDENT COST AND SCHEDULE ESTI-
MATE .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days 
after the Federal Acquisition Regulation- based contract for the Commercial Crew Transportation Capability Contract is awarded, the Administrator shall arrange for the initiation of an Independent Cost and Schedule Estimate for— 
(A) all activities associated with the devel-
opment, test, demonstration, and certifi-cation of commercial crew transportation systems; 
(B) transportation and rescue services re-
quired by the Administration for Inter-national Space Station operations through calendar year 2020 or later if Administration requirements so dictate; and 
(C) the estimated date of operational readi-
ness for the program each assumption listed in paragraph (2) of this subsection. 
(2) A
SSUMPTIONS .—The Independent Cost 
and Schedule Estimate shall provide an esti-mate for each of the following scenarios: 
(A) An appropriation of $600,000,000 over 
the next 3 fiscal years. 
(B) An appropriation of $700,000,000 over the 
next 3 fiscal years. 
(C) An appropriation of $800,000,000 over the 
next 3 fiscal years. 
(D) The funding level assumptions over the 
next 3 fiscal years that are included as part of commercial crew transportation capa-bility contract awards. 
(3) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after initiation of the Independent Cost and Schedule Estimate under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall transmit the results of the Independent Cost and Schedule Estimate to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(g) I
MPLEMENTATION STRATEGIES .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the completion of the Independent Cost and Schedule Estimate under subsection (f), the 
Administrator shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report containing 4 distinct implementation strategies based on such Independent Cost and Schedule Esti-mate for the final stages of the commercial crew program. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—These options shall in-
clude— (A) a strategy that assumes an appropria-
tion of $600,000,000 over the next 3 fiscal years; 
(B) a strategy that assumes an appropria-
tion of $700,000,000 over the next 3 fiscal years; 
(C) a strategy that assumes an appropria-
tion of $800,000,000 over the next 3 fiscal years; and 
(D) a strategy that has yet to be considered 
previously in any budget submission but that the Administration believes could en-sure the flight readiness date of 2017 for at least one provider. 
(3) I
NCLUSIONS .—Each strategy shall in-
clude the contracting instruments the Ad-ministration will employ to acquire the serv-ices in each phase of development or acquisi-tion and the number of commercial providers the Administration will include in the pro-gram. 
SEC. 216. SPACE COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) P LAN.—The Administrator shall develop 
a plan, in consultation with relevant Federal agencies, for updating the Administration’s space communications and navigation archi-tecture for low-Earth orbital and deep space operations so that it is capable of meeting the Administration’s communications needs over the next 20 years. The plan shall include lifecycle cost estimates, milestones, esti-mated performance capabilities, and 5-year funding profiles. The plan shall also include an estimate of the amounts of any reim-bursements the Administration is likely to receive from other Federal agencies during the expected life of the upgrades described in the plan. At a minimum, the plan shall in-clude a description of the following: 
(1) Steps to sustain the existing space com-
munications and navigation network and in-frastructure and priorities for how resources will be applied and cost estimates for the maintenance of existing space communica-tions network capabilities. 
(2) Upgrades needed to support space com-
munications and navigation network and in-frastructure requirements, including cost es-timates and schedules and an assessment of the impact on missions if resources are not secured at the level needed. 
(3) Projected space communications and 
navigation network requirements for the next 20 years, including those in support of human space exploration missions. 
(4) Projected Tracking and Data Relay Sat-
ellite System requirements for the next 20 years, including those in support of other relevant Federal agencies, and cost and schedule estimates to maintain and upgrade the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite Sys-tem to meet projected requirements. 
(5) Steps the Administration is taking to 
meet future space communications require-ments after all Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System third-generation commu-nications satellites are operational. 
(6) Steps the Administration is taking to 
mitigate threats to electromagnetic spec-trum use. 
(b) S
CHEDULE .—The Administrator shall 
transmit the plan developed under this sec-tion to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
TITLE III—SCIENCE 
Subtitle A—General 
SEC. 301. SCIENCE PORTFOLIO. 
(a) B ALANCED AND ADEQUATELY FUNDED AC-
TIVITIES .—Section 803 of the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (124 Stat. 2832) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H878 February 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 803. OVERALL SCIENCE PORTFOLIO— 
SENSE OF THE CONGRESS. 
‘‘Congress reaffirms its sense, expressed in 
the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Authorization Act of 2010, that a balanced and adequately funded set of activi-ties, consisting of research and analysis grants programs, technology development, small, medium, and large space missions, and suborbital research activities, contrib-utes to a robust and productive science pro-gram and serves as a catalyst for innovation and discovery.’’. 
(b) D
ECADAL SURVEYS .—In proposing the 
funding of programs and activities for the Administration for each fiscal year, the Ad-ministrator shall to the greatest extent practicable follow guidance provided in the current decadal surveys from the National Academies’ Space Studies Board. 
SEC. 302. RADIOISOTOPE POWER SYSTEMS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that conducting deep space explo-ration requires radioisotope power systems, and establishing continuity in the produc-tion of the material needed to power these systems is paramount to the success of these future deep space missions. It is further the 
sense of Congress that Federal agencies sup-porting the Administration through the pro-duction of such material should do so in a cost effective manner so as not to impose ex-cessive reimbursement requirements on the Administration. 
(b) A
NALYSIS OF REQUIREMENTS AND  
RISKS.—The Director of the Office of Science 
and Technology Policy and the Adminis-trator, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall conduct an analysis of— 
(1) the requirements of the Administration 
for radioisotope power system material that is needed to carry out planned, high priority robotic missions in the solar system and other surface exploration activities beyond low-Earth orbit; and 
(2) the risks to missions of the Administra-
tion in meeting those requirements, or any additional requirements, due to a lack of adequate radioisotope power system mate-rial. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF ANALYSIS .—The analysis 
conducted under subsection (b) shall— 
(1) detail the Administration’s current pro-
jected mission requirements and associated timeframes for radioisotope power system material; 
(2) explain the assumptions used to deter-
mine the Administration’s requirements for the material, including— 
(A) the planned use of advanced thermal 
conversion technology such as advanced thermocouples and Stirling generators and converters; and 
(B) the risks and implications of, and con-
tingencies for, any delays or unanticipated technical challenges affecting or related to the Administration’s mission plans for the anticipated use of advanced thermal conver-sion technology; 
(3) assess the risk to the Administration’s 
programs of any potential delays in achiev-ing the schedule and milestones for planned domestic production of radioisotope power system material; 
(4) outline a process for meeting any addi-
tional Administration requirements for the material; 
(5) estimate the incremental costs required 
to increase the amount of material produced each year, if such an increase is needed to support additional Administration require-ments for the material; 
(6) detail how the Administration and 
other Federal agencies will manage, operate, and fund production facilities and the design and development of all radioisotope power systems used by the Administration and other Federal agencies as necessary; (7) specify the steps the Administration 
will take, in consultation with the Depart-ment of Energy, to preserve the infrastruc-ture and workforce necessary for production of radioisotope power systems and ensure that its reimbursements to the Department of Energy associated with such preservation are equitable and justified; and 
(8) detail how the Administration has im-
plemented or rejected the recommendations from the National Research Council’s 2009 re-port titled ‘‘Radioisotope Power Systems: An Imperative for Maintaining U.S. Leadership in Space Exploration’’. 
(d) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the results of the analysis to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 303. CONGRESSIONAL DECLARATION OF 
POLICY AND PURPOSE. 
Section 20102(d) of title 51, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) The direction of the unique com-
petence of the Administration to the search for life’s origin, evolution, distribution, and future in the Universe. In carrying out this objective, the Administration may use any practicable ground-based, airborne, or space- based technical means and spectra of elec-tromagnetic radiation.’’. 
SEC. 304. UNIVERSITY CLASS SCIENCE MISSIONS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that principal investigator-led small orbital science missions, including CubeSat class, University Explorer (UNEX) class, Small Explorer (SMEX) class, and Venture class, offer valuable opportunities to advance science at low cost, train the next generation of scientists and engineers, and enable participants in the program to acquire skills in systems engineering and systems integration that are critical to maintaining the Nation’s leadership in space and to enhancing the United States innova-tion and competitiveness abroad. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR -LED 
SMALL ORBITAL SCIENCE MISSIONS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall conduct a review of the science missions described in subsection (a). The review shall include— 
(1) the status, capability, and availability 
of existing small orbital science mission pro-grams and the extent to which each program enables the participation of university sci-entists and students; 
(2) the opportunities such mission pro-
grams provide for scientific research; 
(3) the opportunities such mission pro-
grams provide for training and education, in-cluding scientific and engineering workforce development, including for the Administra-tion’s scientific and engineering workforce; and 
(4) the extent to which commercial appli-
cations such as hosted payloads, free flyers, and data buys could provide measurable ben-efits for such mission programs, while pre-serving the principle of independent peer re-view as the basis for mission selection. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the review required under subsection (b) and on recommenda-tions to enhance principal investigator-led small orbital science missions conducted by the Administration in accordance with the results of the review required by subsection (b). SEC. 305. ASSESSMENT OF SCIENCE MISSION EX-
TENSIONS. 
Section 30504 of title 51, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 30504. Assessment of science mission exten-
sions 
‘‘(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Administrator 
shall carry out biennial reviews within each of the Science divisions to assess the cost and benefits of extending the date of the ter-mination of data collection for those mis-sions that exceed their planned missions’ lifetime. The assessment shall take into con-sideration how extending missions impacts the start of future missions. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION AND CONSIDERATION OF  
POTENTIAL BENEFITS OF INSTRUMENTS ON MIS-
SIONS .—When deciding whether to extend a 
mission that has an operational component, the Administrator shall consult with any af-fected Federal agency and shall take into ac-count the potential benefits of instruments on missions that are beyond their planned mission lifetime. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—The Administrator shall 
transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, at the same time as the submission to Congress of the Administration’s annual budget request for each fiscal year, a report detailing any assessment required by sub-section (a) that was carried out during the previous year.’’. 
Subtitle B—Astrophysics 
SEC. 311. DECADAL CADENCE. 
In carrying out section 301(b), the Adminis-
trator shall seek to ensure to the extent practicable a steady cadence of large, me-dium, and small astrophysics missions. 
SEC. 312. EXTRASOLAR PLANET EXPLORATION 
STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—The Administrator shall 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science strategy for the study and exploration of extrasolar plan-ets, including the use of the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, the James Webb Space Telescope, a potential Wide-Field In-frared Survey Telescope mission, or any other telescope, spacecraft, or instrument as appropriate. Such strategy shall— 
(1) outline key scientific questions; (2) identify the most promising research in 
the field; 
(3) indicate the extent to which the mis-
sion priorities in existing decadal surveys address the key extrasolar planet research goals; 
(4) identify opportunities for coordination 
with international partners, commercial partners, and other not-for-profit partners; and 
(5) make recommendations on the above as 
appropriate. 
(b) U
SE OF STRATEGY .—The Administrator 
shall use the strategy to— 
(1) inform roadmaps, strategic plans, and 
other activities of the Administration as they relate to extrasolar planet research and exploration; and 
(2) provide a foundation for future activi-
ties and initiatives. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Academies shall transmit a report to the Administrator, and to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, containing the strategy developed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 313. JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the James Webb Space Telescope will 
revolutionize our understanding of star and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H879 February 10, 2015 
planet formation and how galaxies evolved, 
and advance the search for the origins of the universe; 
(2) the James Webb Space Telescope will 
enable American scientists to maintain their leadership in astrophysics and other dis-ciplines; 
(3) the James Webb Space Telescope pro-
gram is making steady progress towards a launch in 2018; 
(4) the on-time and on-budget delivery of 
the James Webb Space Telescope is a high congressional priority; and 
(5) maintaining this progress will require 
the Administrator to ensure that integrated testing is appropriately timed and suffi-ciently comprehensive to enable potential issues to be identified and addressed early enough to be handled within the James Webb Space Telescope’s development schedule prior to launch. 
SEC. 314. NATIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE 
TELESCOPE DONATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate outlining the cost of the Admin-istration’s potential plan for developing the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope as de-scribed in the 2010 National Academies’ as-tronomy and astrophysics decadal survey, including an alternative plan for the Wide- Field Infrared Survey Telescope 2.4, which includes the donated 2.4-meter aperture Na-tional Reconnaissance Office telescope. Due to the budget constraints on the Administra-tion’s science programs, this report shall in-clude— 
(1) an assessment of cost efficient ap-
proaches to develop the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope; 
(2) a comparison to the development of 
mission concepts that exclude the utilization of the donated asset; 
(3) an assessment of how the Administra-
tion’s existing science missions will be af-fected by the utilization of the donated asset described in this section; and 
(4) a description of the cost associated with 
storing and maintaining the donated asset. 
SEC. 315. WIDE-FIELD INFRARED SURVEY TELE-
SCOPE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Administrator, to the ex-
tent practicable, should make progress on the technologies and capabilities needed to position the Administration to meet the ob-jectives of the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope mission, as outlined in the 2010 National Academies’ astronomy and astro-physics decadal survey, in a way that maxi-mizes the scientific productivity of meeting those objectives for the resources invested. It is further the sense of Congress that the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope mis-sion has the potential to enable scientific discoveries that will transform our under-standing of the universe. 
(b) C
ONTINUITY OF DEVELOPMENT .—The Ad-
ministrator shall ensure that the concept definition and pre-formulation activities of a Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope mis-sion continue while the James Webb Space Telescope is being completed. 
SEC. 316. STRATOSPHERIC OBSERVATORY FOR 
INFRARED ASTRONOMY. 
The Administrator shall not use any fund-
ing appropriated to the Administration for fiscal year 2015 for the shutdown of the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared As-tronomy or for the preparation therefor. 
Subtitle C—Planetary Science 
SEC. 321. DECADAL CADENCE. 
In carrying out section 301(b), the Adminis-
trator shall seek to ensure to the greatest extent practicable that the Administration 
carries out a balanced set of planetary science programs in accordance with the pri-orities established in the most recent decadal survey for planetary science. Such programs shall include, at a minimum— 
(1) a Discovery-class mission at least once 
every 24 months; 
(2) a New Frontiers-class mission at least 
once every 60 months; and 
(3) at least one Flagship-class mission per 
decadal survey period, including a Europa mission with a goal of launching by 2021. 
SEC. 322. NEAR-EARTH OBJECTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Near-Earth objects pose a serious and 
credible threat to humankind, as many sci-entists believe that a major asteroid or comet was responsible for the mass extinc-tion of the majority of the Earth’s species, including the dinosaurs, approximately 65,000,000 years ago. 
(2) Similar objects have struck the Earth 
or passed through the Earth’s atmosphere several times in the Earth’s history and pose a similar threat in the future. 
(3) Several such near-Earth objects have 
only been discovered within days of the ob-jects’ closest approach to Earth, and recent discoveries of such large objects indicate that many large near-Earth objects remain to be discovered. 
(4) The efforts undertaken by the Adminis-
tration for detecting and characterizing the hazards of near-Earth objects should con-tinue to seek to fully determine the threat posed by such objects to cause widespread destruction and loss of life. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘near-Earth object’’ means an asteroid or comet with a perihelion distance of less than 1.3 Astronomical Units from the Sun. 
(c) N
EAR-EARTH OBJECT SURVEY .—The Ad-
ministrator shall continue to detect, track, catalogue, and characterize the physical characteristics of near-Earth objects equal to or greater than 140 meters in diameter in order to assess the threat of such near-Earth objects to the Earth, pursuant to the George E. Brown, Jr. Near-Earth Object Survey Act (42 U.S.C. 16691). It shall be the goal of the Survey program to achieve 90 percent com-pletion of its near-Earth object catalogue (based on statistically predicted populations of near-Earth objects) by 2020. 
(d) W
ARNING AND MITIGATION OF POTENTIAL  
HAZARDS OF NEAR-EARTH OBJECTS .—Congress 
reaffirms the policy set forth in section 
20102(g) of title 51, United States Code (relat-ing to detecting, tracking, cataloguing, and characterizing asteroids and comets). 
(e) P
ROGRAM REPORT .—The Director of the 
Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, an initial report that provides— 
(1) recommendations for carrying out the 
Survey program and an associated proposed budget; 
(2) analysis of possible options that the Ad-
ministration could employ to divert an ob-ject on a likely collision course with Earth; and 
(3) a description of the status of efforts to 
coordinate and cooperate with other coun-tries to discover hazardous asteroids and comets, plan a mitigation strategy, and im-plement that strategy in the event of the discovery of an object on a likely collision course with Earth. 
(f) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Subsequent to the 
initial report the Administrator shall annu-ally transmit to the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that provides— 
(1) a summary of all activities carried out 
pursuant to subsection (c) since the date of enactment of this Act, including the progress toward achieving 90 percent comple-tion of the survey described in subsection (c); and 
(2) a summary of expenditures for all ac-
tivities carried out pursuant to subsection (c) since the date of enactment of this Act. 
(g) S
TUDY .—The Administrator, in collabo-
ration with other relevant Federal agencies, shall carry out a technical and scientific as-sessment of the capabilities and resources to— 
(1) accelerate the survey described in sub-
section (c); and 
(2) expand the Administration’s Near- 
Earth Object Program to include the detec-tion, tracking, cataloguing, and character-ization of potentially hazardous near-Earth objects less than 140 meters in diameter. 
(h) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the results of the assessment carried out under subsection (g) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 323. NEAR-EARTH OBJECTS PUBLIC-PRI-
VATE PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Administration should seek to leverage the capabilities of the pri-vate sector and philanthropic organizations to the maximum extent practicable in car-rying out the Near-Earth Object Survey pro-gram in order to meet the goal of the Survey program. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing how the Administration can expand collaborative partnerships to detect, track, catalogue, and categorize near-Earth objects. 
SEC. 324. RESEARCH ON NEAR-EARTH OBJECT 
TSUNAMI EFFECTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON POTENTIAL TSUNAMI EFFECTS  
FROM NEAR-EARTH OBJECT IMPACT .—The Ad-
ministrator, in collaboration with the Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration and other rel-evant agencies, shall prepare a report identi-fying and describing existing research activi-ties and further research objectives that would increase our understanding of the na-ture of the effects of potential tsunamis that 
could occur if a near-Earth object were to impact an ocean of Earth. 
(b) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the report re-quired and prepared under subsection (a) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 325. ASTROBIOLOGY STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—The Administrator shall 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science strategy for astrobiology that would outline key sci-entific questions, identify the most prom-ising research in the field, and indicate the extent to which the mission priorities in ex-isting decadal surveys address the search for life’s origin, evolution, distribution, and fu-ture in the Universe. The strategy shall in-clude recommendations for coordination with international partners. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H880 February 10, 2015 
(b) U SE OF STRATEGY .—The Administrator 
shall use the strategy developed under sub-section (a) in planning and funding research and other activities and initiatives in the field of astrobiology. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Academies shall transmit a report to the Administrator, and to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, containing the strategy developed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 326. ASTROBIOLOGY PUBLIC-PRIVATE PART-
NERSHIPS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing how the Adminis-tration can expand collaborative partner-ships to study life’s origin, evolution, dis-tribution, and future in the Universe. 
SEC. 327. ASSESSMENT OF MARS ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to assess— 
(1) the Administration’s revised post-2016 
Mars exploration architecture and its re-sponsiveness to the strategies, priorities, and guidelines put forward by the National Acad-emies’ planetary science decadal surveys and other relevant National Academies Mars-re-lated reports; 
(2) the long-term goals of the Administra-
tion’s Mars Exploration Program and such program’s ability to optimize the science re-turn, given the current fiscal posture of the program; 
(3) the Mars architecture’s relationship to 
Mars-related activities to be undertaken by agencies and organizations outside of the United States; and 
(4) the extent to which the Mars architec-
ture represents a reasonably balanced mis-sion portfolio. 
(b) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the results of the assessment to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Subtitle D—Heliophysics 
SEC. 331. DECADAL CADENCE. 
In carrying out section 301(b), the Adminis-
trator shall seek to ensure to the extent practicable a steady cadence of large, me-dium, and small heliophysics missions. 
SEC. 332. REVIEW OF SPACE WEATHER. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Director of the Office of 
Science and Technology Policy, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, the Director of the National Science Foundation, and heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to provide a comprehensive study that reviews current and planned ground- based and space-based space weather moni-toring requirements and capabilities, identi-fies gaps, and identifies options for a robust and resilient capability. The study shall in-form the process of identifying national needs for future space weather monitoring, forecasts, and mitigation. The National Academies shall give consideration to inter-national and private sector efforts and col-laboration that could potentially contribute to national space weather needs. The study shall also review the current state of re-search capabilities in observing, modeling, 
and prediction and provide recommendations to ensure future advancement of predictive capability. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
14 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Academies shall transmit a report containing the results of the study provided under subsection (a) to the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy, and to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Subtitle E—Earth Science 
SEC. 341. GOAL. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Administration is being asked to undertake important Earth science activities in an environment of increasingly constrained fiscal resources, and that any transfer of additional responsibilities to the Administration, such as climate instrument development and measurements that are cur-rently part of the portfolio of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, should be accompanied by the provision of additional resources to allow the Adminis-tration to carry out the increased respon-sibilities without adversely impacting its implementation of its existing Earth science programs and priorities. 
(b) G
ENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
continue to carry out a balanced Earth science program that includes Earth science research, Earth systematic missions, com-petitive Venture class missions, other mis-sions and data analysis, mission operations, technology development, and applied sciences, consistent with the recommenda-tions and priorities established in the Na-tional Academies’ Earth Science Decadal Survey. 
(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator 
shall collaborate with other Federal agen-cies, including the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, non-government entities, and international partners, as ap-propriate, in carrying out the Administra-tion’s Earth science program. The Adminis-tration shall continue to develop first-of-a- kind instruments that, once proved, can be transitioned to other agencies for oper-ations. 
(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Whenever respon-
sibilities for the development of sensors or for measurements are transferred to the Ad-ministration from another agency, the Ad-ministration shall seek, to the extent pos-sible, to be reimbursed for the assumption of such responsibilities. 
SEC. 342. DECADAL CADENCE. 
In carrying out section 341(b), the Adminis-
trator shall seek to ensure to the extent practicable a steady cadence of large, me-dium, and small Earth science missions. 
SEC. 343. VENTURE CLASS MISSIONS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Admin-
istration’s Venture class missions provide opportunities for innovation in the Earth science program, offer low-cost approaches for high-quality competitive science inves-tigations, enable frequent flight opportuni-ties to engage the Earth science and applica-tions community, and serve as a training ground for students and young scientists. It is further the sense of Congress that the Ad-ministration should seek to increase the number of Venture class projects to the ex-tent practicable as part of a balanced Earth science program. 
SEC. 344. ASSESSMENT. 
The Administrator shall carry out a sci-
entific assessment of the Administration’s Earth science global datasets for the purpose of identifying those datasets that are useful for understanding regional changes and vari-
ability, and for informing applied science re-search. The Administrator shall complete and transmit the assessment to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
TITLE IV—AERONAUTICS 
SEC. 401. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) a robust aeronautics research portfolio 
will help maintain the United States status as a leader in aviation, enhance the competi-tiveness of the United States in the world economy and improve the quality of life of all citizens; 
(2) aeronautics research is essential to the 
Administration’s mission, continues to be an important core element of the Administra-tion’s mission and should be supported; 
(3) the Administrator should coordinate 
and consult with relevant Federal agencies and the private sector to minimize duplica-tion and leverage resources; and 
(4) carrying aeronautics research to a level 
of maturity that allows the Administration’s research results to be transitioned to the users, whether private or public sector, is critical to their eventual adoption. 
SEC. 402. AERONAUTICS RESEARCH GOALS. 
The Administrator shall ensure that the 
Administration maintains a strong aero-nautics research portfolio ranging from fun-damental research through integrated sys-tems research with specific research goals, including the following: 
(1) E
NHANCE AIRSPACE OPERATIONS AND  
SAFETY .—The Administration’s Aeronautics 
Research Mission Directorate shall address research needs of the Next Generation Air Transportation System and identify critical gaps in technology which must be bridged to enable the implementation of the Next Gen-eration Air Transportation System so that safety and productivity improvements can be achieved as soon as possible. 
(2) I
MPROVE AIR VEHICLE PERFORMANCE .— 
The Administration’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate shall conduct research to improve aircraft performance and mini-mize environmental impacts. The Associate Administrator for the Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate shall consider and pur-sue concepts to reduce noise, emissions, and fuel consumption while maintaining high safety standards, and shall conduct research related to the impact of alternative fuels on the safety, reliability and maintainability of current and new air vehicles. 
(3) S
TRENGTHEN AVIATION SAFETY .—The Ad-
ministration’s Aeronautics Research Mission 
Directorate shall proactively address safety challenges associated with current and new air vehicles and with operations in the Na-tion’s current and future air transportation system. 
(4) D
EMONSTRATE CONCEPTS AT THE SYSTEM  
LEVEL .—The Administration’s Aeronautics 
Research Mission Directorate shall mature the most promising technologies to the point at which they can be demonstrated in a rel-evant environment and shall integrate indi-vidual components and technologies as ap-propriate to ensure that they perform in an integrated manner as well as they do when operated individually. 
SEC. 403. UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in 
consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and other Federal agencies, shall carry out research and technological development to facilitate the safe integration of unmanned aerial sys-tems into the National Airspace System, in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H881 February 10, 2015 
(1) positioning and navigation systems; 
(2) sense and avoid capabilities; (3) secure data and communication links; (4) flight recovery systems; and (5) human systems integration. 
(b) R
OADMAP .—The Administrator shall up-
date a roadmap for unmanned aerial systems research and development and transmit this roadmap to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
OOPERATIVE UNMANNED AERIAL VEHI-
CLE ACTIVITIES .—Section 31504 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘Operational flight data derived from these cooperative agreements shall be made avail-able, in appropriate and usable formats, to the Administration and the Federal Aviation Administration for the development of regu-latory standards.’’ after ‘‘in remote areas.’’. 
SEC. 404. RESEARCH PROGRAM ON COMPOSITE 
MATERIALS USED IN AERONAUTICS. 
(a) P URPOSE OF RESEARCH .—The Adminis-
trator shall continue the Administration’s cooperative research program with industry to identify and demonstrate more effective and safe ways of developing, manufacturing, and maintaining composite materials for use in airframes, subsystems, and propulsion 
components. 
(b) E
XPOSURE OF RESEARCH TO NEXTGEN-
ERATION OF ENGINEERS AND TECHNICIANS .—To 
the extent practicable, the Administration’s cooperative research program with industry on composite materials shall provide timely access to that research to the next genera-tion of engineers and technicians at univer-sities, community colleges, and vocational schools, thereby helping to develop a work-force ready to take on the development, manufacture, and maintenance of compo-nents reliant on advanced composite mate-rials. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Administrator, in 
overseeing the Administration’s work on composite materials, shall consult with rel-evant Federal agencies and partners in in-dustry to accelerate safe development and certification processes for new composite materials and design methods while main-taining rigorous inspection of new composite materials. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate detailing the Administration’s work on new composite materials and the coordination efforts among Federal agencies and industry part-ners. 
SEC. 405. HYPERSONIC RESEARCH. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall develop and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a research and development roadmap for hypersonic aircraft research with the objective of exploring hypersonic science and technology using air-breathing propulsion concepts, through a mix of theo-retical work, basic and applied research, and development of flight research demonstra-tion vehicles. The roadmap shall prescribe appropriate agency contributions, coordina-tion efforts, and technology milestones. 
SEC. 406. SUPERSONIC RESEARCH. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the ability to fly commercial aircraft 
over land at supersonic speeds without ad-verse impacts on the environment or on local 
communities could open new global markets and enable new transportation capabilities; and 
(2) continuing the Administration’s re-
search program is necessary to assess the impact in a relevant environment of com-mercial supersonic flight operations and pro-vide the basis for establishing appropriate sonic boom standards for such flight oper-ations. 
(b) R
OADMAP FOR SUPERSONIC RESEARCH .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall de-velop and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a roadmap that allows for flexible funding profiles for supersonic aeronautics research and development with the objective of developing and demonstrating, in a rel-evant environment, airframe and propulsion technologies to minimize the environmental impact, including noise, of supersonic over-land flight in an efficient and economical manner. The roadmap shall include— 
(1) the baseline research as embodied by 
the Administration’s existing research on su-personic flight; 
(2) a list of specific technological, environ-
mental, and other challenges that must be overcome to minimize the environmental impact, including noise, of supersonic over-land flight; 
(3) a research plan to address such chal-
lenges, as well as a project timeline for ac-complishing relevant research goals; 
(4) a plan for coordination with stake-
holders, including relevant government agencies and industry; and 
(5) a plan for how the Administration will 
ensure that sonic boom research is coordi-nated as appropriate with relevant Federal agencies. 
SEC. 407. RESEARCH ON NEXTGEN AIRSPACE 
MANAGEMENT CONCEPTS AND TOOLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall, 
in consultation with other Federal agencies, review at least annually the alignment and timing of the Administration’s research and development activities in support of the NextGen airspace management moderniza-tion initiative, and shall make any necessary adjustments by reprioritizing or retargeting the Administration’s research and develop-ment activities in support of the NextGen initiative. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—The Administrator 
shall report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate annually regarding the progress of the Administration’s research and develop-ment activities in support of the NextGen airspace management modernization initia-tive, including details of technologies trans-ferred to relevant Federal agencies for even-tual operation implementation, consultation with other Federal agencies, and any adjust-ments made to research activities. 
SEC. 408. ROTORCRAFT RESEARCH. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall prepare and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a roadmap for research relat-ing to rotorcraft and other runway-inde-pendent air vehicles, with the objective of developing and demonstrating improved safety, noise, and environmental impact in a relevant environment. The roadmap shall in-clude specific goals for the research, a 
timeline for implementation, metrics for success, and guidelines for collaboration and coordination with industry and other Fed-eral agencies. 
SEC. 409. TRANSFORMATIVE AERONAUTICS RE-
SEARCH. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Admin-
istrator, in looking strategically into the fu-ture and ensuring that the Administration’s Center personnel are at the leading edge of aeronautics research, should encourage in-vestigations into the early-stage advance-ment of new processes, novel concepts, and innovative technologies that have the poten-tial to meet national aeronautics needs. The Administrator shall continue to ensure that awards for the investigation of these con-
cepts and technologies are open for competi-tion among Administration civil servants at its Centers, separate from other awards open only to non-Administration sources. 
SEC. 410. STUDY OF UNITED STATES LEADERSHIP 
IN AERONAUTICS RESEARCH. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Administrator shall enter 
into an arrangement with the National Academies for a study to benchmark the po-sition of the United States in civil aero-nautics research compared to the rest of the world. The study shall— 
(1) seek to define metrics by which relative 
leadership in civil aeronautics research can be determined; 
(2) ascertain how the United States com-
pares to other countries in the field of civil aeronautics research and any relevant trends; and 
(3) provide recommendations on what can 
be done to regain or retain global leadership, including— 
(A) identifying research areas where 
United States expertise has been or is at risk of being overtaken; 
(B) defining appropriate roles for the Ad-
ministration; 
(C) identifying public-private partnerships 
that could be formed; and 
(D) estimating the impact on the Adminis-
tration’s budget should such recommenda-tions be implemented. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide the results of the study to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
TITLE V—SPACE TECHNOLOGY 
SEC. 501. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that space tech-
nology is critical to— 
(1) enabling a new class of Administration 
missions beyond low-Earth orbit; 
(2) developing technologies and capabilities 
that will make the Administration’s mis-sions more affordable and more reliable; and 
(3) improving technological capabilities 
and promoting innovation for the Adminis-tration and the Nation. 
SEC. 502. SPACE TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 70507 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 70507. Space Technology Program author-
ized 
‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Adminis-
trator shall establish a Space Technology Program to pursue the research and develop-ment of advanced space technologies that have the potential of delivering innovative solutions and to support human exploration of the solar system or advanced space science. The program established by the Ad-ministrator shall take into consideration the recommendations of the National Acad-emies’ review of the Administration’s Space 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H882 February 10, 2015 
Technology roadmaps and priorities, as well 
as applicable enabling aspects of the Human Exploration Roadmap specified in section 70504. In conducting the space technology program established under this section, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(1) to the maximum extent practicable, 
use a competitive process to select projects to be supported as part of the program; 
‘‘(2) make use of small satellites and the 
Administration’s suborbital and ground- based platforms, to the extent practicable and appropriate, to demonstrate space tech-nology concepts and developments; and 
‘‘(3) undertake partnerships with other 
Federal agencies, universities, private indus-try, and other spacefaring nations, as appro-priate. 
‘‘(b) S
MALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall organize and manage the Administration’s Small Business Innovation Research program and Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program within the Space Technology Program. 
‘‘(c) N
ONDUPLICATION CERTIFICATION .—The 
Administrator shall include in the budget for each fiscal year, as transmitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, a certifi-cation that no project, program, or mission undertaken by the Space Technology Pro-gram is duplicative of any other project, pro-gram, or mission conducted by another office or directorate of the Administration.’’. 
(b) C
OLLABORATION , C OORDINATION , AND 
ALIGNMENT .—The Administrator shall ensure 
that the Administration’s projects, pro-grams, and activities in support of tech-nology research and development of ad-vanced space technologies are fully coordi-nated and aligned and that results from such 
work are shared and leveraged within the Administration. Projects, programs, and ac-tivities being conducted by the Human Ex-ploration and Operations Mission Direc-torate in support of research and develop-ment of advanced space technologies and systems focusing on human space explo-ration should continue in that Directorate. The Administrator shall ensure that organi-zational responsibility for research and de-velopment activities in support of human space exploration not initiated as of the date of enactment of this Act is established on the basis of a sound rationale. The Adminis-trator shall provide the rationale in the re-port specified in subsection (d). 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report comparing the Admin-istration’s space technology investments with the high-priority technology areas iden-tified by the National Academies in the Na-tional Research Council’s report on the Ad-ministration’s Space Technology Roadmaps. The Administrator shall identify how the Administration will address any gaps be-tween the agency’s investments and the rec-ommended technology areas, including a projection of funding requirements. 
(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Administrator 
shall include in the Administration’s annual budget request for each fiscal year the ra-tionale for assigning organizational respon-sibility for, in the year prior to the budget fiscal year, each initiated project, program, and mission focused on research and develop-ment of advanced technologies for human space exploration. 
(e) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
item relating to section 70507 in the table of sections for chapter 705 of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘70507. Space Technology Program author-
ized.’’. SEC. 503. UTILIZATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL 
SPACE STATION FOR TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS. 
The Administrator shall utilize the Inter-
national Space Station and commercial serv-ices for space technology demonstration mis-sions in low-Earth orbit whenever it is prac-tical and cost effective to do so. 
TITLE VI—EDUCATION 
SEC. 601. EDUCATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Administration’s missions are an 
inspiration for Americans and in particular for the next generation, and that this inspi-ration has a powerful effect in stimulating interest in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (in this section referred to as ‘‘STEM’’) education and careers; 
(2) the Administration’s Office of Edu-
cation and mission directorates have been ef-fective in delivering Administration edu-cational content because of the strong en-gagement of Administration scientists and engineers in the Administration’s education and outreach activities; and 
(3) the Administration should be a central 
partner in contributing to the goals of the National Science and Technology Council’s Federal Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Education 5-Year Strategic Plan. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—The Administration shall 
continue its education and outreach efforts to— 
(1) increase student interest and participa-
tion in STEM education; 
(2) improve public literacy in STEM; (3) employ proven strategies for improving 
student learning and teaching; 
(4) provide curriculum support materials; 
and 
(5) create and support opportunities for 
professional development for STEM teach-ers. 
(c) O
RGANIZATION .—In order to ensure the 
inspiration and engagement of children and the general public, the Administration shall continue its STEM education and outreach activities within the Science, Aeronautics Research, Space Operations, and Exploration Mission Directorates. 
(d) C
ONTINUATION OF EDUCATION AND OUT-
REACH ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAMS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall continue to carry out edu-cation and outreach programs and activities through the Office of Education and the Ad-ministration mission directorates and shall continue to engage, to the maximum extent practicable, Administration and Administra-tion-supported researchers and engineers in carrying out those programs and activities. 
(e) C
ONTINUATION OF SPACE GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—The Administrator shall continue to 
operate the National Space Grant College and Fellowship program through a national network consisting of a State-based consor-tium in each State that provides flexibility to the States, with the objective of providing hands-on research, training, and education programs, with measurable outcomes, to en-hance America’s STEM education and work-force. 
(f) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress 
reaffirms its commitment to informal science education at science centers and planetariums as set forth in section 616 of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Authorization Act of 2005 (51 U.S.C. 40907). 
SEC. 602. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF THE NA-
TIONAL SPACE GRANT COLLEGE AND FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the National Space Grant Col-lege and Fellowship Program, which was es-tablished in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 
1988 (42 U.S.C. 2486 et seq.), has been an im-portant program by which the Federal Gov-ernment has partnered with State and local governments, universities, private industry, and other organizations to enhance the un-derstanding and use of space and aeronautics activities and their benefits through edu-cation, fostering of interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary space research and train-ing, and supporting Federal funding for grad-uate fellowships in space-related fields, among other purposes. 
(b) R
EVIEW .—The Administrator shall enter 
into an arrangement with the National Academies for— 
(1) a review of the National Space Grant 
College and Fellowship Program, including its structure and capabilities for supporting science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics education and training consistent with the National Science and Technology Council’s Federal Science, Technology, Engi-neering, and Mathematics (STEM) Education 5-Year Strategic Plan; and 
(2) recommendations on measures, if need-
ed, to enhance the Program’s effectiveness and mechanisms by which any increases in funding appropriated by Congress can be ap-plied. 
(c) N
ATIONAL SPACE GRANT COLLEGE AND  
FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) P URPOSES .—Section 40301 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (5); 
(B) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (6) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(7) support outreach to primary and sec-
ondary schools to help support STEM en-gagement and learning at the K–12 level and to encourage K–12 students to pursue post-secondary degrees in fields related to space.’’. 
(2) R
EGIONAL CONSORTIUM .—Section 40306 of 
title 51, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION OF 2 -YEAR INSTITUTIONS .—A 
space grant regional consortium designated in paragraph (1)(B) may include one or more 2-year institutions of higher education.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (2)(C) and (3)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (3)(C) and (4)(D)’’. 
SEC. 603. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Admin-
istrator should make the continuation of the Administration’s Minority University Re-search and Education Program a priority in order to further STEM education for under-represented students. 
TITLE VII—POLICY PROVISIONS 
SEC. 701. ASTEROID RETRIEVAL MISSION. 
(a) A STEROID RETRIEVAL REPORT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the proposed Asteroid Retrieval Mission. Such report shall include— 
(1) a detailed budget profile, including cost 
estimates for the development of all nec-essary technologies and spacecraft required for the mission; 
(2) a detailed technical plan that includes 
milestones and a specific schedule; 
(3) a description of the technologies and ca-
pabilities anticipated to be gained from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H883 February 10, 2015 
proposed mission that will enable future 
human missions to Mars which could not be gained by lunar missions; 
(4) a description of the technologies and ca-
pabilities anticipated to be gained from the proposed mission that will enable future planetary defense missions, against impact threats from near-Earth objects equal to or greater than 140 meters in diameter, which could not be gained by robotic missions; and 
(5) a complete assessment by the Small 
Bodies Assessment Group and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Advi-sory Council of how the proposed mission is in the strategic interests of the United States in space exploration. 
(b) M
ARSFLYBY REPORT .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, an independent, private systems engineering and technical assistance organization con-tracted by the Human Exploration Oper-ations Mission Directorate shall transmit to the Administrator, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report analyzing the proposal for a Mars Flyby human spaceflight mission to be launched in 2021. Such report shall in-clude— 
(1) a technical development, test, fielding, 
and operations plan using the Space Launch System and other systems to successfully mount a Mars Flyby mission by 2021; 
(2) a description of the benefits in sci-
entific knowledge and technologies dem-onstrated by a Mars Flyby mission to be launched in 2021 suitable for future Mars missions; and 
(3) an annual budget profile, including cost 
estimates, for the development test, fielding, and operations plan to carry out a Mars Flyby mission through 2021 and comparison of that budget profile to the 5-year budget profile contained in the President’s Budget request for fiscal year 2016. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 days 
after transmittal of the report specified in subsection (b), the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment by the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Advisory Council of whether the proposal for a Mars Flyby Mission to be launched in 2021 is in the strategic interests of the United States in space exploration. 
(d) C
REWED MISSION .—The report trans-
mitted under subsection (b) may consider a crewed mission with the Space Launch Sys-tem in cis-lunar space prior to the Mars Flyby mission in 2021. 
SEC. 702. TERMINATION LIABILITY SENSE OF 
CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that: 
(1) The International Space Station, the 
Space Launch System, and the Orion crew capsule will enable the Nation to continue operations in low-Earth orbit and to send its astronauts to deep space. The James Webb Space Telescope will revolutionize our un-derstanding of star and planet formation and how galaxies evolved and advance the search for the origins of our universe. As a result of their unique capabilities and their critical contribution to the future of space explo-ration, these systems have been designated by Congress and the Administration as pri-ority investments. 
(2) In addition, contractors are currently 
holding program funding, estimated to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, to cover the potential termination liability should the Government choose to terminate a pro-gram for convenience. As a result, hundreds 
of millions of taxpayer dollars are unavail-able for meaningful work on these programs. (3) According to the Government Account-
ability Office, the Administration procures most of its goods and services through con-tracts, and it terminates very few of them. In fiscal year 2010, the Administration termi-nated 28 of 16,343 active contracts and or-ders—a termination rate of about 0.17 per-cent. 
(4) The Administration should vigorously 
pursue a policy on termination liability that maximizes the utilization of its appropriated funds to make maximum progress in meeting established technical goals and schedule milestones on these high-priority programs. 
SEC. 703. BASELINE AND COST CONTROLS. 
Section 30104 of title 51, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Proce-
dural Requirements 7120.5c, dated March 22, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘Procedural Require-ments 7120.5E, dated August 14, 2012’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘beginning 
18 months after the date the Administrator transmits a report under subsection (e)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘beginning 18 months after the Administrator makes such determination’’. 
SEC. 704. PROJECT AND PROGRAM RESERVES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the judicious use of program and project reserves provides the Adminis-tration’s project and program managers with the flexibility needed to manage projects and programs to ensure that the impacts of con-tingencies can be mitigated. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act the Admin-istrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing— 
(1) the Administration’s criteria for estab-
lishing the amount of reserves held at the project and program levels; 
(2) how such criteria relate to the agency’s 
policy of budgeting at a 70-percent con-fidence level; and 
(3) the Administration’s criteria for 
waiving the policy of budgeting at a 70-per-cent confidence level and alternative strate-gies and mechanisms aimed at controlling program and project costs when a waiver is granted. 
SEC. 705. INDEPENDENT REVIEWS. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing— 
(1) the Administration’s procedures for 
conducting independent reviews of projects and programs at lifecycle milestones and how the Administration ensures the inde-pendence of the individuals who conduct those reviews prior to their assignment; 
(2) the internal and external entities inde-
pendent of project and program management that conduct reviews of projects and pro-grams at life cycle milestones; and 
(3) how the Administration ensures the 
independence of such entities and their members. 
SEC. 706. COMMERCIAL TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
PROGRAM. 
Section 50116(a) of title 51, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, while pro-tecting national security’’ after ‘‘research community’’. 
SEC. 707. NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE 
ADMINISTRATION ADVISORY COUN-CIL. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Administrator shall enter 
into an arrangement with the National Academy of Public Administration to assess the effectiveness of the NASA Advisory 
Council and to make recommendations to Congress for any change to— 
(1) the functions of the Council; (2) the appointment of members to the 
Council; 
(3) qualifications for members of the Coun-
cil; 
(4) duration of terms of office for members 
of the Council; 
(5) frequency of meetings of the Council; (6) the structure of leadership and Commit-
tees of the Council; and 
(7) levels of professional staffing for the 
Council. 
In carrying out the assessment, the Academy 
shall also assess the impacts of broadening the Council’s role to advising Congress, and any other issues that the Academy deter-mines could potentially impact the effective-ness of the Council. The Academy shall con-sider the past activities of the NASA Advi-sory Council, as well as the activities of other analogous Federal advisory bodies in conducting its assessment. The results of the assessment, including any recommendations, shall be transmitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION AND ADVICE .—Section 
20113(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and Congress’’ after ‘‘advice to the Administration’’. 
(c) S
UNSET .—Effective on September 30, 
2015, section 20113(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and Congress’’. 
SEC. 708. COST ESTIMATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that realistic cost estimating is critically important to the ultimate success of major space development projects. The Administration has devoted significant ef-forts over the past five years to improving its cost estimating capabilities, but it is im-portant that the Administration continue its efforts to develop and implement guidance in establishing realistic cost estimates. 
(b) G
UIDANCE AND CRITERIA .—The Adminis-
trator shall provide to programs and projects and in a manner consistent with the Admin-istration’s Space Flight Program and Project Management Requirements— 
(1) guidance on when an Independent Cost 
Estimate and Independent Cost Assessment should be used; and 
(2) the criteria to be used to make such a 
determination. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report— 
(1) describing efforts to enhance internal 
cost estimation and assessment expertise; 
(2) describing the mechanisms the Admin-
istration is using and will continue to use to ensure that adequate resources are dedicated to cost estimation; 
(3) listing the steps the Administration is 
undertaking to advance consistent imple-mentation of the joint cost and schedule process; 
(4) identifying criteria used by programs 
and projects in determining when to conduct an Independent Cost Estimate and Inde-pendent Cost Assessment; and 
(5) listing— (A) the costs of each individual Inde-
pendent Cost Estimate or Independent Cost Assessment activity conducted in fiscal year 2012, fiscal year 2013, and fiscal year 2014; 
(B) the purpose of the activity; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H884 February 10, 2015 
(C) identification of the primary Adminis-
tration unit or outside body that conducted the activity; and 
(D) key findings and recommendations. 
(d) U
PDATED REPORT .—Subsequent to sub-
mission of the report under subsection (c), for each subsequent year, the Administrator shall provide an update of listed elements in conjunction with subsequent congressional budget justifications. 
SEC. 709. AVOIDING ORGANIZATIONAL CON-
FLICTS OF INTEREST IN MAJOR AD-MINISTRATION ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISED REGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not 
later than 270 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall re-vise the Administration Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide uniform guidance and recommend revised re-quirements for organizational conflicts of in-terest by contractors in major acquisition programs in order to address elements iden-tified in subsection (b). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The revised regulations re-
quired by subsection (a) shall, at a min-imum— 
(1) address organizational conflicts of in-
terest that could potentially arise as a result of— 
(A) lead system integrator contracts on 
major acquisition programs and contracts that follow lead system integrator contracts on such programs, particularly contracts for production; 
(B) the ownership of business units per-
forming systems engineering and technical assistance functions, professional services, or management support services in relation to major acquisition programs by contrac-tors who simultaneously own business units competing to perform as either the prime contractor or the supplier of a major sub-system or component for such programs; 
(C) the award of major subsystem con-
tracts by a prime contractor for a major ac-quisition program to business units or other affiliates of the same parent corporate enti-ty, and particularly the award of sub-contracts for software integration or the de-velopment of a proprietary software system architecture; or 
(D) the performance by, or assistance of, 
contractors in technical evaluations on major acquisition programs; 
(2) ensure that the Administration receives 
advice on systems architecture and systems engineering matters with respect to major acquisition programs from objective sources independent of the prime contractor; 
(3) require that a contract for the perform-
ance of systems engineering and technical assistance functions for a major acquisition program contains a provision prohibiting the contractor or any affiliate of the contractor from participating as a prime contractor or a major subcontractor in the development of a system under the program; and 
(4) establish such limited exceptions to the 
requirement in paragraphs (2) and (3) as may be necessary to ensure that the Administra-tion has continued access to advice on sys-tems architecture and systems engineering matters from highly qualified contractors with domain experience and expertise, while ensuring that such advice comes from sources that are objective and unbiased. 
SEC. 710. FACILITIES AND INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Administration must reverse the de-
teriorating condition of its facilities and in-frastructure, as this condition is hampering the effectiveness and efficiency of research performed by both the Administration and industry participants making use of Admin-istration facilities, thus reducing the com-petitiveness of the United States aerospace 
industry; 
(2) the Administration has a role in pro-
viding laboratory capabilities to industry participants that are economically viable as commercial entities and thus are not avail-able elsewhere; 
(3) to ensure continued access to reliable 
and efficient world-class facilities by re-searchers, the Administration should seek to establish strategic partnerships with other Federal agencies, academic institutions, and industry, as appropriate; and 
(4) decisions on whether to dispose of, 
maintain, or modernize existing facilities must be made in the context of meeting fu-ture Administration and other Federal agen-cies’ laboratory needs, including those re-quired to meet the activities supporting the Human Exploration Roadmap required by section 70504 of title 51, United States Code. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United 
States that the Administration maintain re-liable and efficient facilities and that deci-sions on whether to dispose of, maintain, or modernize existing facilities be made in the context of meeting future Administration needs. 
(c) P
LAN.—The Administrator shall develop 
a plan that has the goal of positioning the Administration to have the facilities, labora-tories, tools, and approaches necessary to ad-dress future Administration requirements. Such plan shall identify— 
(1) future Administration research and de-
velopment and testing needs; 
(2) a strategy for identifying facilities that 
are candidates for disposal, that is con-sistent with the national strategic direction set forth in— 
(A) the National Space Policy; (B) the National Aeronautics Research, De-
velopment, Test, and Evaluation Infrastruc-ture Plan; 
(C) National Aeronautics and Space Ad-
ministration Authorization Acts; and 
(D) the Human Exploration Roadmap spec-
ified in section 70504 of title 51, United States Code; 
(3) a strategy for the maintenance, repair, 
upgrading, and modernization of the Admin-istration’s laboratories, facilities, and equip-ment; 
(4) criteria for prioritizing deferred main-
tenance tasks and also for upgrading or mod-ernizing laboratories, facilities, and equip-ment and implementing processes, plans, and policies for guiding the Administration’s Centers on whether to maintain, repair, up-grade, or modernize a facility and for deter-mining the type of instrument to be used; 
(5) an assessment of modifications needed 
to maximize usage of facilities that offer unique and highly specialized benefits to the aerospace industry and the American public; and 
(6) implementation steps, including a 
timeline, milestones, and an estimate of re-sources required for carrying out the plan. 
(d) P
OLICY .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall establish and make pub-lically available a policy that guides the Ad-ministration’s use of existing authorities to out-grant, lease, excess to the General Serv-ices Administration, sell, decommission, de-molish, or otherwise transfer property, fa-cilities, or infrastructure. This policy shall establish criteria for the use of authorities, best practices, standardized procedures, and guidelines for how to appropriately manage property, infrastructure, and facilities. 
(e) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the plan devel-oped under subsection (c) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation 
of the Senate. 
(f) E
STABLISHMENT OF CAPITAL FUND.—The 
Administrator shall establish a capital fund for the modernization of facilities and lab-oratories. The Administrator shall ensure to the maximum extent practicable that all fi-nancial savings achieved by closing outdated or surplus facilities at an Administration Center shall be made available to that Cen-ter for the purpose of modernizing the Cen-ter’s facilities and laboratories and for up-grading the infrastructure at the Center. 
(g) R
EPORT ON CAPITAL FUND.—Expendi-
tures and other activities of the fund estab-lished under subsection (f) shall require re-view and approval by the Administrator and the status, including the amounts held in the capital fund, shall be reported to the Com-
mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate in conjunction with the Administration’s annual budget request jus-tification for each fiscal year. 
SEC. 711. DETECTION AND AVOIDANCE OF COUN-
TERFEIT ELECTRONIC PARTS. 
(a) R EGULATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall revise the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration Supple-ment to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to address the detection and avoidance of counterfeit electronic parts. 
(2) C
ONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES .—The re-
vised regulations issued pursuant to para-graph (1) shall provide that— 
(A) Administration contractors who supply 
electronic parts or products that include electronic parts are responsible for detecting and avoiding the use or inclusion of counter-feit electronic parts or suspect counterfeit electronic parts in such products and for any rework or corrective action that may be re-quired to remedy the use or inclusion of such parts; and 
(B) the cost of counterfeit electronic parts 
and suspect counterfeit electronic parts and the cost of rework or corrective action that may be required to remedy the use or inclu-sion of such parts are not allowable costs under Administration contracts, unless— 
(i) the covered contractor has an oper-
ational system to detect and avoid counter-feit parts and suspect counterfeit electronic parts that has been reviewed and approved by the Administration or the Department of Defense; 
(ii) the covered contractor provides timely 
notice to the Administration pursuant to paragraph (4); or 
(iii) the counterfeit electronic parts or sus-
pect counterfeit electronic parts were pro-vided to the contractor as Government prop-erty in accordance with part 45 of the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation. 
(3) S
UPPLIERS OF ELECTRONIC PARTS .—The 
revised regulations issued pursuant to para-graph (1) shall— 
(A) require that the Administration and 
Administration contractors and subcontrac-tors at all tiers— 
(i) obtain electronic parts that are in pro-
duction or currently available in stock from the original manufacturers of the parts or their authorized dealers, or from suppliers who obtain such parts exclusively from the original manufacturers of the parts or their authorized dealers; and 
(ii) obtain electronic parts that are not in 
production or currently available in stock from suppliers that meet qualification re-quirements established pursuant to subpara-graph (C); 
(B) establish documented requirements 
consistent with published industry standards or Government contract requirements for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H885 February 10, 2015 
(i) notification of the Administration; and 
(ii) inspection, testing, and authentication 
of electronic parts that the Administration or an Administration contractor or subcon-tractor obtains from any source other than a source described in subparagraph (A); 
(C) establish qualification requirements, 
consistent with the requirements of section 2319 of title 10, United States Code, pursuant to which the Administration may identify suppliers that have appropriate policies and procedures in place to detect and avoid coun-terfeit electronic parts and suspect counter-feit electronic parts; and 
(D) authorize Administration contractors 
and subcontractors to identify and use addi-tional suppliers beyond those identified pur-suant to subparagraph (C) provided that— 
(i) the standards and processes for identi-
fying such suppliers comply with established industry standards; 
(ii) the contractor or subcontractor as-
sumes responsibility for the authenticity of parts provided by such suppliers as provided in paragraph (2); and 
(iii) the selection of such suppliers is sub-
ject to review and audit by appropriate Ad-ministration officials. 
(4) T
IMELY NOTIFICATION .—The revised reg-
ulations issued pursuant to paragraph (1) shall require that any Administration con-tractor or subcontractor who becomes aware, or has reason to suspect, that any end item, component, part, or material contained in supplies purchased by the Administration, or purchased by a contractor or subcontractor for delivery to, or on behalf of, the Adminis-tration, contains counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counterfeit electronic parts, shall provide notification to the applicable Ad-ministration contracting officer within 30 calendar days. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the revised regulations specified in sub-section (a) have been implemented, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report updating the Adminis-tration’s actions to prevent counterfeit elec-tronic parts from entering the supply chain as described in its October 2011 report pursu-ant to section 1206(d) of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18444(d)). 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘electronic part’’ means a discrete elec-tronic component, including a microcircuit, transistor, capacitor, resistor, or diode that is intended for use in a safety or mission critical application. 
SEC. 712. SPACE ACT AGREEMENTS. 
(a) C OSTSHARING .—To the extent that the 
Administrator determines practicable, the funds provided by the Government under a funded Space Act Agreement shall not ex-ceed the total amount provided by other par-ties to the Space Act Agreement. 
(b) N
EED.—A funded Space Act Agreement 
may be used only when the use of a standard contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is not feasible or appropriate, as determined by the Associate Administrator for Procure-ment. 
(c) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—The Ad-
ministrator shall make available for public notice and comment each proposed Space Act Agreement at least 30 days before enter-ing into such agreement, with appropriate redactions for proprietary, sensitive, or clas-sified information. 
(d) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Administrator 
shall publicly disclose on the Administra-tion’s website and make available in a searchable format each Space Act Agree-ment, with appropriate redactions for propri-etary, sensitive, or classified information, 
not later than 60 days after such agreement is signed. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the end of each fiscal year, the Admin-istrator shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the use of Space Act Agreement authority by the Administration during the previous fiscal year. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include for 
each Space Act Agreement in effect at the time of the report— 
(A) an indication of whether the agreement 
is a reimbursable, nonreimbursable, or fund-ed Space Act Agreement; 
(B) a description of— (i) the subject and terms; (ii) the parties; (iii) the responsible— (I) mission directorate; (II) center; or (III) headquarters element; (iv) the value; (v) the extent of the cost sharing among 
Federal Government and non-Federal sources; 
(vi) the time period or schedule; and (vii) all milestones; and (C) an indication of whether the agreement 
was renewed during the previous fiscal year. 
(3) A
NTICIPATED AGREEMENTS .—The report 
shall also include a list of all anticipated re-imbursable, nonreimbursable, and funded Space Act Agreements for the upcoming fis-cal year. 
(4) C
UMULATIVE PROGRAM BENEFITS .—The 
report shall also include, with respect to the Space Act Agreements covered by the report, a summary of— 
(A) the technology areas in which research 
projects were conducted under such agree-ments; 
(B) the extent to which the use of the 
Space Act Agreements— 
(i) has contributed to a broadening of the 
technology and industrial base available for meeting Administration needs; and 
(ii) has fostered within the technology and 
industrial base new relationships and prac-tices that support the United States; and 
(C) the total amount of value received by 
the Federal Government during the fiscal year pursuant to such Space Act Agree-ments. 
SEC. 713. HUMAN SPACEFLIGHT ACCIDENT IN-
VESTIGATIONS. 
Section 70702(a) of title 51, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) any other orbital or suborbital space 
vehicle carrying humans— 
‘‘(A) that is owned by the Federal Govern-
ment; or 
‘‘(B) that is being used pursuant to a con-
tract or Space Act Agreement, as defined in section 2 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015, with the Federal Government for car-rying a researcher or payload funded by the Federal Government; or’’. 
SEC. 714. FULLEST COMMERCIAL USE OF SPACE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on current and con-tinuing efforts by the Administration to ‘‘seek and encourage, to the maximum ex-tent possible, the fullest commercial use of space,’’ as described in section 20102(c) of title 51, United States Code. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the Administration’s 
efforts to comply with the policy; 
(2) an explanation of criteria used to define 
compliance; 
(3) a description of programs, policies, and 
activities the Administration is using, and will continue to use, to ensure compliance; 
(4) an explanation of how the Administra-
tion could expand on the efforts to comply; and 
(5) a summary of all current and planned 
activities pursuant to this policy. 
(c) B
ARRIERS TO FULLEST COMMERCIAL USE 
OFSPACE .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on current and con-tinuing efforts by the Administration to re-duce impediments, bureaucracy, redundancy, and burdens to ensure the fullest commercial use of space as required by section 20102(c) of title 51, United States Code. 
SEC. 715. ORBITAL DEBRIS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that orbital 
debris poses serious risks to the operational space capabilities of the United States and that an international commitment and inte-grated strategic plan are needed to mitigate the growth of orbital debris wherever pos-sible. Congress finds the delay in the Office of Science and Technology Policy’s submis-sion of a report on the status of inter-national coordination and development of mitigation strategies to be inconsistent with such risks. 
(b) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) C OORDINATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate with a report on the status of efforts to coordinate with countries within the Inter-Agency Space Debris Coordination Committee to mitigate the effects and growth of orbital debris as required by sec-tion 1202(b)(1) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18441(b)(1)). 
(2) M
ITIGATION STRATEGY .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall provide the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate with a report on the sta-tus of the orbital debris mitigation strategy required under section 1202(b)(2) of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18441(b)(2)). 
SEC. 716. REVIEW OF ORBITAL DEBRIS REMOVAL 
CONCEPTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the amount of orbital debris in low-Earth orbit poses risks for human activi-ties and robotic spacecraft and that this de-bris may increase due to collisions between existing debris objects. Understanding op-tions to address and remove orbital debris is important for ensuring safe and effective spacecraft operations in low-Earth orbit. 
(b) R
EVIEW .—The Administrator, in col-
laboration with other relevant Federal agen-cies, shall solicit and review concepts and technological options for removing orbital debris from low-Earth orbit. The solicitation and review shall also address the require-ments for and feasibility of developing and implementing each of the options. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H886 February 10, 2015 
(c) T RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide a report to the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the solicita-tion and review required under subsection (b). 
SEC. 717. USE OF OPERATIONAL COMMERCIAL 
SUBORBITAL VEHICLES FOR RE-SEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND EDU-CATION. 
(a) P OLICY .—The Administrator shall de-
velop a policy on the use of operational com-mercial reusable suborbital flight vehicles for carrying out scientific and engineering investigations and educational activities. 
(b) P
LAN.—The Administrator shall prepare 
a plan on the Administration’s use of oper-ational commercial reusable suborbital flight vehicles for carrying out scientific and engineering investigations and educational activities. The plan shall— 
(1) describe the purposes for which the Ad-
ministration intends to use such vehicles; 
(2) describe the processes required to sup-
port such use, including the criteria used to determine which scientific and engineering investigations and educational activities are selected for a suborbital flight; 
(3) describe Administration, space flight 
operator, and supporting contractor respon-sibilities for developing standard payload interfaces and conducting payload safety analyses, payload integration and proc-essing, payload operations, and safety assur-ance for Administration-sponsored space flight participants, among other functions required to fly Administration-sponsored payloads and space flight participants on operational commercial suborbital vehicles; 
(4) identify Administration-provided hard-
ware, software, or services that may be pro-vided to commercial reusable suborbital space flight operators on a cost-reimbursable basis, through agreements or contracts en-tered into under section 20113(e) of title 51, United States Code; and 
(5) describe the United States Government 
and space flight operator responsibilities for liability and indemnification with respect to commercial suborbital vehicle flights that involve Administration-sponsored payloads or activities, Administration-supported space flight participants, or other Adminis-tration-related contributions. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT OF CAPABILITIES AND  
RISKS.—The Administrator shall assess and 
characterize the potential capabilities and performance of commercial reusable sub-orbital vehicles for addressing scientific re-search, including research requiring access to low-gravity and microgravity environ-ments, for carrying out technology dem-onstrations related to science, exploration, or space operations requirements, and for providing opportunities for educating and training space scientists and engineers, once those vehicles become operational. The as-sessment shall also characterize the risks of using potential commercial reusable sub-orbital flights to Administration-sponsored researchers and scientific investigations and flight hardware. 
(d) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the plan and assessment described in subsections (b) and (c) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(e) A
NNUAL PROGRESS REPORTS .—In con-
junction with the Administration’s annual budget request justification for each fiscal year, the Administrator shall transmit a re-port to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-
tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate describing progress in carrying out the Com-mercial Reusable Suborbital Research Pro-gram, including the number and type of sub-orbital missions planned in each fiscal year. 
(f) I
NDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY .—The 
Administrator shall not proceed with a re-quest for proposals, award any contract, commit any United States Government funds, or enter into any other agreement for the provision of a commercial reusable sub-orbital vehicle launch service for an Admin-istration-sponsored spaceflight participant until transmittal of the plan and assessment specified in subsections (b) and (c), the liabil-ity issues associated with the use of such systems by the United States Government have been addressed, and the liability and in-demnification provisions that are planned to be included in such contracts or agreements have been provided to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 718. FUNDAMENTAL SPACE LIFE AND PHYS-
ICAL SCIENCES RESEARCH. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It the sense of 
Congress that fundamental, discovery-based space life and physical sciences research is critical for enabling space exploration, pro-tecting humans in space, and providing soci-etal benefits, and that the space environ-ment facilitates the advancement of under-standing of the life sciences and physical sciences. Space life and physical science re-search contributes to advancing science, technology, engineering, and mathematics research, and provides careers and training opportunities in academia, Federal labora-tories, and commercial industry. Congress encourages the Administrator to augment discovery-based fundamental research and to establish requirements reflecting the impor-tance of such research in keeping with the priorities established in the National Acad-emies’ decadal survey entitled ‘‘Recapturing a Future for Space Exploration: Life and Physical Sciences Research for a New Era’’. 
(b) B
UDGET REQUEST .—The Administrator 
shall include as part of the Administration’s annual budget request for each fiscal year a budget line for fundamental space life and physical sciences research, devoted to com-petitive, peer-reviewed grants, that is sepa-rate from the International Space Station Operations account. 
(c) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—The Administrator, in 
consultation with academia, other Federal agencies, and other potential stakeholders, shall develop a strategic plan for carrying out competitive, peer-reviewed fundamental space life science and physical sciences and related technology research, among other ac-tivities, consistent with the priorities in the National Academies’ decadal survey de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the strategic plan developed under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 719. RESTORING COMMITMENT TO ENGI-
NEERING RESEARCH. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that engineering excellence has long been a hallmark of the Administration’s ability to make significant advances in aero-nautics and space exploration. However, as has been noted in recent National Academies reports, increasingly constrained funding and competing priorities have led to an ero-
sion of the Administration’s commitment to basic engineering research. This research provides the basis for the technology devel-opment that enables the Administration’s many challenging missions to succeed. If current trends continue, the Administra-tion’s ability to attract and maintain the best and brightest engineering workforce at its Centers as well as its ability to remain on the cutting edge of aeronautical and space technology will continue to erode and will threaten the Administration’s ability to be a world leader in aeronautics research and de-velopment and space exploration. 
(b) P
LAN.—The Administrator shall develop 
a plan for restoring a meaningful basic engi-neering research program at the Administra-tion’s Centers, including, as appropriate, col-laborations with industry, universities, and other relevant organizations. The plan shall identify the organizational approach to be followed, an initial set of basic research pri-orities, and a proposed budget. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit the plan specified 
in subsection (b) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 720. LIQUID ROCKET ENGINE DEVELOP-
MENT PROGRAM. 
The Administrator shall consult with the 
Secretary of Defense to ensure that any next generation liquid rocket engine made in the United States for national security space launch objectives can contribute, to the ex-tent practicable, to the space programs and missions carried out by the Administration. 
SEC. 721. REMOTE SATELLITE SERVICING DEM-
ONSTRATIONS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Administration plays a key role in 
demonstrating the feasibility of using robotic technologies for a spacecraft that could autonomously access, inspect, repair, and refuel satellites; 
(2) demonstrating this feasibility would 
both assist the Administration in its future missions and provide other Federal agencies and private sector entities with enhanced confidence in the feasibility to robotically refuel, inspect, repair, and maintain their satellites in both near and distant orbits; and 
(3) the capability to refuel, inspect, repair, 
and maintain satellites robotically could add years of functional life to satellites. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate describing the Administration’s— 
(1) activities, tools, and techniques associ-
ated with the ultimate goal of autonomously servicing satellites using robotic spacecraft; 
(2) efforts to coordinate its technology de-
velopment and demonstrations with other Federal agencies and private sector entities that conduct programs, projects, or activi-ties on on-orbit satellite inspection and serv-icing capabilities; 
(3) efforts to leverage the work of these 
Federal agencies and private sector entities into the Administration’s plans; 
(4) accomplishments to date in dem-
onstrating various servicing technologies; 
(5) major technical and operational chal-
lenges encountered and mitigation measures taken; and 
(6) demonstrations needed to increase con-
fidence in the use of the technologies for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H887 February 10, 2015 
operational missions, and the timeframe for 
these demonstrations. 
SEC. 722. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY GOVERN-
ANCE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that information security is cen-tral to the Administration’s ability to pro-tect information and information systems vital to its mission. 
(b) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study to assess the effectiveness of the Administra-tion’s Information Technology Governance. The study shall include an assessment of— 
(1) the resources available for overseeing 
Administration-wide information technology operations, investments, and security meas-ures and the Chief Information Officer’s visi-bility into and access to those resources; 
(2) the effectiveness of the Administra-
tion’s decentralized information technology structure, decisionmaking processes and au-thorities and its ability to enforce informa-tion security; and 
(3) the impact of providing the Chief Infor-
mation Officer approval authority over in-formation technology investments that ex-ceed a defined monetary threshold and any potential impacts of the Chief Information Officer having such authority on the Admin-istration’s missions, flights programs and projects, research activities, and Center op-erations. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall transmit a report de-tailing the results of the study conducted under subsection (b) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 723. STRENGTHENING ADMINISTRATION SE-
CURITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Following the public disclosure of secu-
rity and export control violations at its re-search centers, the Administration con-tracted with the National Academy of Public Administration to conduct an independent assessment of how the Administration car-ried out Foreign National Access Manage-ment practices and other security matters. 
(2) The assessment by the National Acad-
emy of Public Administration concluded that ‘‘NASA networks are compromised’’, that the Administration lacked a standard-ized and systematic approach to export com-pliance, and that individuals within the Ad-ministration were not held accountable when making serious, preventable errors in car-rying out Foreign National Access Manage-ment practices and other security matters. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministration shall report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on how it plans to address each of the recommendations made in the secu-rity assessment by the National Academy of Public Administration and the recommenda-tions made by the Government Account-ability Office and the Administration’s Of-fice of the Inspector General regarding secu-rity and safeguarding export control infor-mation. 
(c) R
EVIEW .—Not later than one year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall re-port to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate its assessment of how the Administration has complied with the recommendations de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
SEC. 724. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
CONTRACTORS THAT HAVE COM-MITTED FRAUD OR OTHER CRIMES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2015 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Administration may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
(1) within a three-year period preceding the 
offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for— 
(A) commission of fraud or a criminal of-
fense in connection with obtaining, attempt-ing to obtain, or performing a public (Fed-eral, State, or local) contract or subcontract; 
(B) violation of Federal or State antitrust 
statutes relating to the submission of offers; or 
(C) commission of embezzlement, theft, 
forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax eva-sion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; 
(2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (1); or 
(3) within a three-year period preceding the 
offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
SEC. 725. PROTECTION OF APOLLO LANDING 
SITES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Director of the Of-
fice of Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with all relevant agencies of the Federal Government and other appro-priate entities and individuals, shall carry out a review and assessment of the issues in-volved in protecting and preserving histori-cally important Apollo Program lunar land-ing sites and Apollo program artifacts resid-ing on the lunar surface, including those per-taining to Apollo 11 and Apollo 17. The re-view and assessment shall, at a minimum, include determination of what risks to the protection and preservation of those sites and artifacts exist or may exist in the fu-ture, what measures are required to ensure such protection and preservation, the extent to which additional domestic legislation or international treaties or agreements will be required, and specific recommendations for protecting and preserving those lunar land-ing sites and artifacts. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the results of the assessment re-quired under subsection (a). 
SEC. 726. ASTRONAUT OCCUPATIONAL 
HEALTHCARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Academies’ 
Institute of Medicine report ‘‘Health Stand-ards for Long Duration and Exploration Spaceflight: Ethics Principles, Responsibil-ities, and Decision Framework’’ found that the Administration has ethical responsibil-ities for and should adopt policies and proc-esses related to health standards for long du-ration and exploration spaceflights that rec-ognize those ethical responsibilities. In par-ticular, the report recommended that the Administration ‘‘provide preventative long- term health screening and surveillance of as-tronauts and lifetime health care to protect their health, support ongoing evaluation of health standards, improve mission safety, and reduce risks for current and future as-
tronauts’’. 
(b) R
ESPONSE .—The Administration shall 
prepare a response to the National Acad-emies report recommendation described in subsection (a). The response shall include the estimated budgetary resources required for the implementation of those recommenda-tions, and any options that might be consid-ered as part of the response. 
(c) T
RANSMITTAL .—The response required 
under subsection (b) shall be transmitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 727. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ACCESS TO 
OBSERVATIONAL DATA SETS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Admin-
istration should prioritize the development of tools and interfaces that make publicly available observational data sets more easy to access, analyze, manipulate, and under-stand for students, teachers, and the Amer-ican public at large, with a particular focus on K–12 and undergraduate STEM education settings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Mississippi. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this is truly a bipar-
tisan bill. The House should be proud of the work the committee has done and continues to do to be inclusive of Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle. 
In a time of partisanship on Capitol 
Hill, both Republicans and Democrats came together last year to craft legis-lation that moves beyond congres-sional districts and parochial interests. 
This bill provides clear and con-
sistent guidance to NASA. The author-ization levels are responsible and con-sistent with the Consolidated and Fur-ther Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015. It also continues looking to NASA to provide a strategic roadmap that will guide exploration development in the future. 
Space Subcommittee Ranking Mem-
ber D
ONNA EDWARDS and I worked long 
days to put this legislation together last year. While Ms. E
DWARDS and I 
don’t always agree, we are united in our unwavering support for NASA and space exploration during this crucial time in our Nation’s history. We are committed to once more launching American astronauts on American rockets from American soil. 
I know many of our colleagues agree 
that American leadership in space is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H888 February 10, 2015 
both a matter of national pride, but 
also of national security; yet over the last decade, the human exploration program at NASA has been plagued with instability from constantly changing requirements, budgets, and missions. 
We cannot continue changing our 
program of record every time there is a new President. We must be consistent in our commitment to human explo-ration. 
As identified by numerous reports 
and committees, NASA needs Congress to provide consistency of purpose. That commitment is reflected in today’s bi-partisan bill, and I am confident it will continue into the future. 
The bill before us today requires the 
agency to develop a human exploration roadmap and provides a framework to build an executable plan for future ex-ploration efforts. NASA must use this plan as an opportunity to utilize assets from all the mission directorates to find the most efficient and effective ways to build technologies and capa-bilities within constrained budgets. 
Both the Space Launch System and 
Orion crew vehicle are reaffirmed in 
this bill, consistent with the NASA Au-thorization Act of 2010, which laid out very clear guidelines and direction for the development of these systems. 
This bill authorizes ample funding 
for the Commercial Crew Program to ensure safe and ontime development of domestic access to the international space station. There are also oversight provisions to ensure transparency dur-ing the development of these systems. 
This agreement represents an under-
standing that both our Commercial Crew partners and those developing SLS and Orion have a crucial role to 
play in ending our reliance on Russian rockets. 
NASA must develop a concrete plan 
for the future of human exploration if we have any hope of ensuring Amer-ica’s leadership in space. This bill tasks the scientists and engineers at NASA, rather than the administration, to develop such a plan. 
As a study last year from the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences pointed out, ‘‘a return to extended surface op-erations on the Moon would make sig-nificant contributions to a strategy ul-timately aimed at landing people on Mars.’’ 
I hope that the roadmap NASA pro-
duces in response to this bill will also incorporate the valued guidance from the National Academies, as well as the NASA Advisory Council, the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, and the many other groups that advise NASA. 
Our bill is not perfect, but it rep-
resents a serious bipartisan commit-ment to space exploration at a critical time in our Nation’s space exploration history. As a good steward of taxpayer dollars, I will continue to raise ques-tions and concerns over NASA’s budg-ets. 
For instance, since 2007, NASA’s 
earth science budget grew almost 75 percent while NASA’s exploration 
budget remained stagnant. Even with these historic increases, I am worried that the additional responsibilities being thrust on NASA by NOAA and USGS will consume NASA’s already challenged budget even more. 
The administration continues to ad-
vocate for an ever-changing and poorly justified asteroid mission which was universally criticized by all of NASA’s advisory groups. One study from the National Academies even called a por-tion of the mission a ‘‘dead-end tech-nology.’’ 
In these budget-constrained times, 
NASA must be frugal with its precious exploration resources and focus on core developments, such as the SLS and Orion, which will provide the founda-tion for any potential deep space mis-sions in the future. 
I also have interest in strengthening 
provisions dealing with cumbersome termination liability requirements, and I hope those can be addressed as we work with the Senate. 
American leadership in space depends 
on our ability to put people and sound policy ahead of politics. This is what we have tried to do with this House bill. This bill has been tested, debated, and passed multiple times over the last year. 
It has passed the subcommittee, full 
committee, and the House once al-ready, and I urge our friends in the Senate to move forward with us by adopting our commonsense com-promise and passing the House bill. Our Nation’s space program needs this leg-islation. 
Space exploration has always had its 
challenges, but the United States has always risen to the occasion. This country was built by people who dream big and do the hard things. 
I believe the decisions we make 
today will determine whether the U.S. maintains its leadership in space to-morrow. In the future, as in the past, I hope we will be able to focus mission priorities and goals to ensure our best chances of success. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
gentleman from Mississippi because it has been truly a pleasure to try to work on something where we are not working for perfection, but we are looking to find agreement and to do the best thing possible that supports the goals of NASA and all of the space industry, but also so that we get some-thing done in this Congress. 
I could not have found a more cooper-
ative and helpful working relationship than that that I have with Mr. P
ALAZZO . 
I also want to thank the chairman of 
the full committee, L AMAR SMITH, and 
our ranking member, E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON —both of Texas—for sup-
porting a process that leads us to the point we are today. This bipartisan bill that we are con-
sidering, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015, is largely identical to a bill that passed the House last year, H.R. 4412, and it passed with overwhelming support by a vote of 401–2. Unfortu-nately, time ran out during the last Congress before the Senate was able to take final action to reauthorize NASA, and so here we are. 
H.R. 810 authorizes appropriations for 
1 year, consistent with the funding lev-els enacted for fiscal year 2015. Other than relevant date changes, the bill re-mains unchanged from last year’s bi-partisan, House-passed H.R. 4412 and retains the important and timely pol-icy direction that NASA needs now to ensure stability and to sustain max-imum progress on its programs. 
Mr. Speaker, building on the founda-
tion set in H.R. 810, I and my col-leagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee will be able to begin work on a multiyear NASA au-thorization once H.R. 810 is enacted into law, so we have set the process in place. 
Why is this bipartisan bill important, 
and why am I urging my colleagues in the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill should it come to a vote? 
Mr. Speaker, the developments in our 
Nation’s civil space program never cease to amaze us and never cease to inspire countless individuals not only in the United States, but across the globe. NASA, as a multimission agen-cy, makes these awe-inspiring con-tributions not only in human explo-ration, but across the disciplines of space and earth science, in the develop-ment of innovative technologies, in human spaceflight operations and bio-medical research, and in aeronautics. It is this multipronged approach that we support today. 
In the sciences, NASA is making 
good progress on developing the James Webb Space Telescope, the next major observatory to follow the Hubble Space Telescope. 
b1645 
NASA researchers are using data col-
lected from space to identify new plan-ets orbiting stars other than our Sun, to increase our scientific under-standing of Mars and other planets in the solar system, to uncover critical information about our home planet, Earth, and its climate, and to study the Sun and space weather. These pro-grams will lead to new discoveries and deepen our scientific knowledge. In fact, much of NASA’s work also bene-fits our society in terms of new tech-nologies and applied research that can improve the quality of life of all of our citizens. 
NASA is taking critical steps now in 
building the systems that will eventu-ally take humans, as my colleague has said, into deep space. NASA is also overseeing recently awarded contracts to commercial companies that will de-velop, test, and seek certification for the U.S. commercial space vehicles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.011 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H889 February 10, 2015 
that will take NASA astronauts safely 
to and from the international space station, thereby relieving our sole reli-ance on Russian partners for access to low-Earth orbit. 
We remain committed to a Commer-
cial Crew Program that makes the most efficient use of taxpayer dollars; and as NASA and commercial partners embark on these projects, this bill that we are taking up today puts the high-est priority for NASA’s Commercial Crew Program on ensuring the safety of our astronauts. 
NASA is continuing to lead the high-
ly successful international space sta-tion partnership, expand the use of the ISS for commercial, scientific, and ex-ploration-oriented research, and gather critical biomedical information. The ISS is the only orbiting laboratory on which we can prepare for further human exploration and operations in outer space. 
The upcoming study of astronaut 
Scott Kelly, who will soon begin a year’s stint on the ISS, and his twin brother, Mark, a former astronaut who will serve as a control subject, is an important undertaking in that regard. We need to examine measures to mon-itor Scott’s health and the health of the NASA family of astronauts both in space and on the ground to gain a long- term perspective on the effects of spaceflight. 
Mr. Speaker, if NASA is to be as pro-
ductive as it can be, it will require con-stancy of purpose and policy direction. In order for our Nation’s space and aer-onautics program to succeed, this bi-partisan bill provides that constancy. H.R. 810 sets the long-term course of sending humans to the surface of Mars and directs NASA to provide a human exploration roadmap, outlining the ca-pabilities and milestones needed to achieve that goal. Recognizing two of the primary systems needed to accom-plish the goal—the Space Launch Sys-tem, SLS, and Orion crew capsule—this bill directs the expeditious develop-ment, test, and achievement of SLS and Orion as the highest priority of NASA’s human exploration program. 
Further, H.R. 810 also ensures that 
NASA maintains a strong aeronautics research portfolio, ranging from funda-mental research through integrated systems, and it reaffirms the impor-tance of NASA’s education activities. NASA’s successful STEM education program brings the expertise of its re-searchers and engineers to bear on STEM activities. That is science, tech-nology, engineering, and math. This bill encourages the administration to continue in that vein. 
In addition, the bill includes provi-
sions to advance our scientific and technical knowledge of orbital debris— or space junk—and near-Earth aster-oids so that we in Congress can better understand the options for mitigating the risks that they pose. 
In closing, NASA is a crown jewel of 
our Federal Government. Its workers are an important component in our workforce, and the workers through 
the industry are important to us as well. NASA’s space and aeronautics programs help maintain our competi-tiveness. They serve as a catalyst for innovation and economic growth, and they inspire the next generation to dream big and garner the skills to turn those dreams into action. 
NASA and our space program have a 
long history of bipartisan support. That continues today. NASA needs our constancy of purpose and policy direc-tion now, and this 1-year bill puts us on track to do just that. We will build on that baseline as we work toward a multiyear authorization over the com-ing year. I look forward to doing that with my colleagues on the committee, and particularly with my colleague from Mississippi. 
At this point, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the full 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the chairman of the Sub-committee on Space for yielding me time. I also want to thank him and D
ONNA EDWARDS , EDDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON, and M OBROOKS for sponsoring this 
bipartisan legislation. 
NASA has accomplished some of the 
most inspiring and technologically ad-vanced space initiatives in the history of humankind. This bill, H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015, helps ensure that the United States will con-tinue its proud tradition of being a world leader in space exploration. 
For more than 50 years, the U.S. has 
led the world in space exploration. The U.S. was the first nation to put a human on the Moon, and NASA’s Voy-ager 1, an American space mission, was the first human-made object to enter interstellar space. 
Our astronauts are national heroes. 
Alan Shepard, John Glenn, Neil Arm-strong, Buzz Aldrin, and Sally Ride are household names. Today’s astronauts motivate students to study science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics and to reach for the stars. 
Space exploration is an investment 
in our Nation’s future, sometimes our long-term future. This bill expresses bipartisan confidence in America’s space initiatives. 
The bill is nearly identical to the one 
that passed the House last year by a vote of 401–2. It is consistent with cur-rent funding levels found in the Con-solidated and Further Continuing Ap-propriations Act for 2015. It contains provisions for the development of American rockets that will take cargo and people to low-Earth orbit and be-yond. It supports the James Webb Space Telescope, which will identify and characterize new planets in our galaxy and help researchers look back in time to see how the universe began. 
It directs NASA to continue to focus 
resources on the detection of near- Earth asteroids that may threaten the 
Earth and its inhabitants. It instructs NASA to design and send a robotic mis-sion to Jupiter’s moon Europa to see if any form of life exists in the waters under its icy surface. It directs NASA to work with the National Academies to put together a strategy for finding more exoplanets. 
The bill also requires NASA to de-
velop a human exploration roadmap, similar to the recommendation made in last year’s National Academy of Sciences report. This roadmap will pro-vide a long-term plan for future human space exploration. 
Finally, this bill is an example of 
how well Congress can work together to accomplish an objective that bene-fits the entire Nation. I again want to thank Mr. P
ALAZZO , chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Space, and Ms. E
DWARDS , ranking member of the Sub-
committee on Space, for finding com-mon ground on this bill. I also want to thank the ranking member of the full committee, E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and Representative M OBROOKS  
from Alabama, for supporting this bill as well. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
and to help ensure that the United States maintains its leadership in space. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON ), the ranking mem-
ber of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015. NASA is a critical engine of discovery, science, innovation, and in-spiration. 
During the last Congress, our com-
mittee leadership and Members from both sides came together to work through a compromise NASA author-ization act. It was for a 1-year bill, but it provided important policy direction to the agency at a time when we in Congress wanted NASA to build on its progress and keep its focus on the pri-orities established through successive authorization acts. That bipartisan bill passed the House last year by an over-whelming 401–2 margin. 
The bill, H.R. 810, which is also a 1- 
year reauthorization, takes that same policy language and updates the au-thorization of appropriations to be con-sistent with the funding levels enacted in fiscal year 2015. The bill also pro-vides necessary date changes where rel-evant. 
While this is not a perfect bill, espe-
cially in terms of its short duration and lack of meaningful outyear funding guidance, it includes many important policy provisions that will help guide the future of NASA at a critical time for our space program. 
H.R. 810 emphasizes NASA’s role as a 
multimission agency with programs in aeronautics, science, exploration, and human spaceflight. It also establishes a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.013 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H890 February 10, 2015 
clear long-term goal of sending humans 
to the surface of Mars and directs NASA to prepare a human exploration roadmap of what is needed to get there. 
The bill also provides policy direc-
tion on a host of other priority activi-ties, including space and earth science, aeronautics, space technology, and education, as well as good government directives on curbing cost growth and strengthening program management, among others. 
Consistent with the recommenda-
tions of the Columbia Accident Inves-tigation Board, H.R. 810 directs that safety be the highest priority in the commercial human spaceflight pro-gram to transport our astronauts to the international space station. 
NASA is doing all that it can to 
make effective progress on its pro-grams thanks to its passionate and dedicated civil servant workforce and extended contractor and academic communities. We want to sustain NASA’s progress on critical programs, including the Space Launch System and Orion, by providing consistency and constancy of purpose and direc-tion. This bill enables such stability while providing our committee the time needed to develop a comprehen-sive multiyear reauthorization of NASA once H.R. 810 is enacted into law. 
I want to recognize the efforts of the 
committee leadership, including our chairman, L
AMAR SMITH, and most es-
pecially our subcommittee chairman, S
TEVE PALAZZO , and the ranking mem-
ber, Congresswoman D ONNA EDWARDS , 
for their dedication and willingness to work together with me to achieve this bipartisan bill, H.R. 810, the NASA Au-thorization Act of 2015. 
We need a strong NASA with an in-
spiring agenda for our children and grandchildren, and we need to fund it at a level commensurate with the tasks we have given them to achieve. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank the distinguished chairman, Chairman S
MITH, chairman 
of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology; the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ); and also the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) for their leadership on this 
important issue and for getting this bill to the floor. 
Human space exploration and dis-
covery sciences are so ingrained in the American way of life that they have become emblematic of America’s role as an exceptional nation. It is in our DNA as Americans to push the bound-aries and frontiers of knowledge. 
When we continue to develop the 
technologies and expertise to do this, there is no way to measure the poten-tial benefit in spinoffs that we will reap. That is why I rise today to sup-port H.R. 810. This legislation would 
authorize programs within the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, keeping in place our commit-ment for space exploration, prioritizing work on the Space Launch System, Orion, and a commercial crew system so we can carry our own astronauts to and from the space station. 
This legislation makes it clear that 
Mars is the focal point and our next step. If the administration prioritizes their activities properly, it is realistic to have a manned Mars fly-by mission in 2021. This legislation will require further examination of this mission, which I think would finally help spur NASA into the next era. Perhaps more importantly, this is the kind of mission that would get children to start dream-ing about being an astronaut again. 
For the last few years, NASA and our 
space workforce have been unsure of the next mission and are struggling to stay afloat. Without a bold, long-term commitment to NASA’s core mission, our workforce has been scrambling to find short-term goals to keep programs alive. 
We need to be doing more than this if 
we want our Nation to realize the full capabilities we have in space. This leg-islation is a step in the right direction, and that is why I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Thank you again to the sponsors. 
b1700 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, having 
no further requests for time, I will con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of H.R. 810, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2015. 
I would like to compliment Chairman 
P
ALAZZO and Ranking Member 
EDWARDS for a job well done. It has 
been tough. There have been disagree-ments. Matters have been handled fair-ly. And now we are getting behind the product of all of that labor. 
There was a great deal of work and 
negotiation on these provisions over the past year, and the outcome of that work is this legislation, which em-bodies the bipartisan leadership both here at the subcommittee level and at the committee level and the bipartisan support in this House for our Nation’s civil space programs. 
I would like to note that significant 
differences of opinion remain on many of the provisions in this bill, but I won’t go into any of them now. I think I might have worried some of my col-leagues on that. But despite those dif-ferences, we all share a set of common goals for NASA. The foremost of our mutual objectives is that America must return to international pre-eminence in human spaceflight. This is true for both access to low-Earth orbit, for which we are trusting our commer-cial partners, and for far-reaching ex-
ploration missions to the Moon and be-yond. 
Our discussions and, yes, our dis-
agreements will continue, but we will continue to work together to achieve America’s shared goals. 
H.R. 810 brings us closer to launching 
Americans into space on American rockets from American soil. It brings us closer to the next steps in explo-ration of our outer planets. It brings us closer to technological developments that can turn a seemingly impossible goal into an achievable one. It brings us closer to finding asteroids that may pose a threat to Earth or may provide vast resources that could help human-ity in space. It brings us one step clos-er to moving beyond exploration and into pioneering, leading to settlements 
in space. It brings us closer to the stars. For these reasons, I ask my col-leagues to join me in support of this important legislation. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
prepared to close, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. I thank the gentleman 
from Mississippi and the gentlewoman from Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation is an important step forward in our ef-forts to build a stronger and more fo-cused NASA. 
Let’s face it: NASA is the only Fed-
eral agency that has human spaceflight as its mission. However, in recent years, NASA has branched into areas that divert attention and funding from its critical mission. This bill before us begins to bring human spaceflight back into focus as NASA’s key mission. It provides strong funding for vehicle de-velopment that will enable NASA to reach the Moon and beyond, putting us on a clear path towards deeper explo-ration into our solar system. 
Having met with top officials at the 
Johnson Space Center in my district just this past week, I can attest that they are very excited about this new focus. I am aware of NASA’s chal-lenges, and I am excited about the op-portunities ahead and some of the suc-cesses that we have had over the past few months. 
Our bill supports NASA’s Orion 
spacecraft, it expands America’s access to the international space station, and it funds a robust Commercial Crew Program to launch American astro-nauts on American rockets. 
I urge my colleagues to join in sup-
port of this bipartisan bill. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, if the 
gentleman from Mississippi is prepared to close, I am prepared to close. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.014 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H891 February 10, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to 
thank all of my colleagues on the com-mittee for the hard work that has been put into this bipartisan authorization. It is not perfect by any means. There are plenty of things that, between now and the time that we see this go to the President’s desk for his signature, we will continue to have input on. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the committee and our colleagues in the Senate to make sure that we get to the end point. 
As I have said and as Ranking Mem-
ber J
OHNSON has said as well, we look 
forward to working on a bipartisan, multiyear authorization. Having put this one to bed, we actually now have demonstrated to ourselves and to the American public that we have the abil-ity to get this done. 
In closing, I want to thank the com-
mittee staff—Allen Li, Pam Whitney, and Dick Obermann—for all of their work and my personal staff, Anne Nel-son, as well as the staff on the other side because it really did take an awful lot of staff work and Member work to see this to the finish line. I look for-ward to continuing to work with my colleagues. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
As I close, I would like to acknowl-
edge all the hard work and bipartisan efforts of Science Committee Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, full committee Ranking 
Member E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , and 
Space Subcommittee Ranking Member D
ONNA EDWARDS . 
Like Ms. E DWARDS , I also want to ac-
knowledge the work of my personal staff, Patrick Large; Ms. E
DWARDS ’ per-
sonal staff, Anne Nelson; the majority staff, Tom Hammond, Jared Stout, Al-lison Rose-Sonnesyn, and Christian Rice; and the minority staff, Pam Whitney and Allen Li. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H.R. 
810, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , 
Washington, DC, February 10, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology Committee, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I write concerning 
H.R. 810, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
In order to expedite floor consideration of 
H.R. 810, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-
bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, February 10, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure’s jurisdictional in-terest in H.R. 810, the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015.’’ 
I agree that the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure has valid jurisdic-tional interests in matters pertaining to the Federal Aviation Administration and the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board, and that your Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 810. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside con-ferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation, if in your jurisdiction, should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee and a former member of the Science Committee I am in strong support of, H.R. 810, The NASA Authorization Act of 2015.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman 
S
MITH and Ranking Member E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON for their work to bring the NASA Au-
thorization Act of 2015 before the House for consideration. 
There is historic congressional support for 
NASA in Congress, and I am at the forefront of that support. 
I served on the House Science Committee 
for 12 years; and I am in strong support of the NASA Authorization Act of 2015, as the best way forward to strengthen NASA into the fu-ture and to avoid dismantling the manned space program. 
This legislation will protect American and 
Texan jobs, saving more than while, driving in-novation, and ensure our Nation’s youth are encouraged to pursue careers in science, ex-ploration, engineering, technology, and math. 
The United States space program has ex-
isted for over half a century and my commit-ment to providing NASA with the resources to carry the agency forward with its ambitious agenda of research, exploration, and dis-covery is unwavering. 
It is our job as members of Congress to 
make sure that NASA continues to push the boundaries of what is possible, keeping our Nation on the forefront of innovation and ex-ploration. This bill authorizes programs and projects at 
the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration (NASA) for Fiscal Year 2015 (FY15). 
This authorization bill’s funding is consistent 
with the funding $18,010,200,000 In appropria-tions for NASA in the Consolidated and Fur-ther Appropriations Act, 2015 bill passed at the end of the 113th Congress. 
NASA continues to be the world’s premier 
space organization. 
This bill seeks to maintain sustainability of 
purpose and budget for NASA programs, con-tinuing the congressional commitment pro-vided in previous reauthorizations in 2005, 2008, and 2010 to space exploration, both human and robotic. 
This legislation makes clear that a human 
mission to Mars is the goal for NASA’s human spaceflight program and requires the develop-ment of a roadmap to achieve that goal, as well as biennial updates. 
In the near-term, the primary tasks for 
NASA human spaceflight include: 
Realizing the research potential of the Inter-
national Space Station (ISS) with an Office of Science & Technology Policy-led strategic plan for all science agencies to conduct re-search on the Station. 
Continued commitment to develop the 
Space Launch System and Orion Crew Vehi-cle to serve as a backup system to support the ISS if necessary. 
NASA will be able to engage in the edu-
cational and outreach activities necessary to support science, technology, engineering, and mathematics curriculum and inspire the next generation of explorers. 
The authorization will assist in building at 
least one Commercial Crew system (with NASA funds) to carry American astronauts on American rockets safely, reliably, and affordably to and from the International Space Station so that we are no longer reliant on Russia for crew access. 
The bill emphasizes the importance of main-
taining a steady cadence of science missions, including a Europa mission with a goal of launching by 2021. 
The bill directs NASA and the NASA to pro-
vide Congress with a report assessing the long-term goals of NASA’s Mars Exploration Program, which includes the Mars 2020 rover. 
To reflect the increase in the number of 
newly discovered planets outside our solar system, the legislation also directs NASA and the NAS to provide an exoplanet exploration strategy. 
This bill stresses the importance of com-
pleting and expanding the Congressionally mandated near-Earth object survey to detect, track, catalogue, and characterize near-Earth objects 140 meters in diameter or larger. 
This authorization addresses an issue of 
great importance to a sustained and healthy space program. 
The bill provides NASA with the agility to 
develop a plan to better position the agency to have the facilities and infrastructure necessary to meet future requirements including those set forth in the human exploration roadmap. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.015 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H892 February 10, 2015 
It is the responsibility of this Congress to 
ensure that the future of NASA is one of con-tinued progress and that space exploration re-mains a part of our national destiny. 
NASA inspires our children to look to the 
stars and dream of what they too may achieve one day. 
Space exploration allows us to push the 
bounds of our scientific knowledge, as we carry out research projects not possible within the constraints of planet Earth. 
I look forward to the reintroduction of the 
REAL Space Act this Congress and ask that my colleagues support this important measure. 
In recent years, we have seen other nations 
joining in the space race with varying levels of success. 
We applaud these efforts, which include: The European Space Agency’s success in 
landing a vehicle on a comet that was speed-ing through deep space; and 
China’s landing its first rover ‘‘Jade Rabbit’’ 
on the surface of the moon. 
Exploration of space remains critical to 
United States leadership and economic trendsetting position in the global economy. 
The future is space, and I support NASA’s 
continued progress to ensure the United States retains its leadership in this vital area of human exploration. 
I ask that my colleagues join me in voting 
for H.R. 810. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong 
support of the NASA Authorization bill before the House. 
This legislation is important because it reaf-
firms Congress’ commitment to space explo-ration and the important role NASA plays in the areas of science, aeronautics, exploration, and human spaceflight. Over the next few months, NASA spacecraft will visit Pluto and the dwarf planet Ceres for the first time. We will further develop our nation’s commercial launch capability even as NASA continues work on the Orion space capsule and a new heavy-lift rocket. NASA will also build on its ef-forts in the important areas of space science and education. The bill before the House sup-ports all of these endeavors. 
I want to mention one NASA program in 
particular, the Student Spaceflight Experi-ments Program. This program gives students across the country the chance to design microgravity experiments to fly in Earth orbit. Indeed, one of these experiments is scheduled to come home from the International Space Station today. The experiment was designed by a team of four students from Wilkinson Middle School in Madison Heights, Michigan. The experiment involves the effects of micro-gravity on water purification. In Michigan, we tend to take the availability of fresh water for granted since we are surrounded by the Great Lakes, but water is a rare and precious com-modity in space, and hopefully this experiment will help future astronauts to re-use water. 
I want to commend the students who have 
worked so hard on this microgravity experi-ment: Regina Alsabagh, Farah Sabah, Maryam Kafra and Israa Alfadhli. Their achievement is all the more remarkable since their experiment originally was supposed to be carried into orbit last October, but that rocket exploded shortly after liftoff, destroying the students’ experiment. Fortunately, NASA was able to find space on a rocket to the space 
station that launched in January, and the Wilkinson students managed to build a second version of their experiment in time for that flight. 
I congratulate the Wilkinson students for 
their hard work, perseverance, and determina-tion to overcome obstacles. It’s important that Congress continue to support NASA and ef-forts like the Student Spaceflight Experiments Program. I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for the NASA Authorization bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 810. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 719 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Office 
of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: 
(1) Consistent with Federal law and regula-
tions, for law enforcement officers to qualify for premium pay as criminal investigators, the officers must, in general, spend on aver-age at least 50 percent of their time inves-tigating, apprehending, or detaining individ-uals suspected or convicted of offenses against the criminal laws of the United States. 
(2) According to the Inspector General of 
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS IG), the Transportation Security Adminis-tration (TSA) does not ensure that its cadre of criminal investigators in the Office of In-spection are meeting this requirement, even though they are considered law enforcement officers under TSA policy and receive pre-mium pay. 
(3) Instead, TSA criminal investigators in 
the Office of Inspection primarily monitor the results of criminal investigations con-ducted by other agencies, investigate admin-istrative cases of TSA employee misconduct, and carry out inspections, covert tests, and internal reviews, which the DHS IG asserts could be performed by employees other than criminal investigators at a lower cost. 
(4) The premium pay and other benefits af-
forded to TSA criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection who are incorrectly clas-sified as such will cost the taxpayer as much as $17,000,000 over 5 years if TSA fails to make any changes to the number of criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection, ac-cording to the DHS IG. (5) This may be a conservative estimate, as 
it accounts for the cost of Law Enforcement Availability Pay, but not the costs of law en-forcement training, statutory early retire-ment benefits, police vehicles, and weapons. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. 
(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘As-
sistant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security (Transpor-tation Security) of the Department of Home-land Security. 
(3) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Inspec-
tor General’’ means the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 4. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General shall analyze the data and methods that the Assistant Secretary uses to identify employees of the Administration who meet the requirements of sections 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, and provide the relevant find-ings to the Assistant Secretary, including a finding on whether the data and methods are adequate and valid. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON HIRING .—If the Inspec-
tor General finds that such data and methods are inadequate or invalid, the Administra-tion may not hire any new employee to work in the Office of Inspection of the Administra-tion until— 
(1) the Assistant Secretary makes a certifi-
cation described in section 5 to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Inspector General submits to such 
Committees a finding, not later than 30 days after the Assistant Secretary makes such certification, that the Assistant Secretary utilized adequate and valid data and methods to make such certification. 
SEC. 5. TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION WORKFORCE 
CERTIFICATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—The As-
sistant Secretary shall, by not later than 90 days after the date the Inspector General provides its findings to the Assistant Sec-retary under section 4(a), document and cer-tify in writing to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that only those employees of the Adminis-tration who meet the requirements of sec-tions 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, are classified as crimi-nal investigators and are receiving premium pay and other benefits associated with such classification. 
(b) E
MPLOYEE RECLASSIFICATION .—The As-
sistant Secretary shall reclassify criminal investigator positions in the Office of Inspec-tion as noncriminal investigator positions or non-law enforcement positions if the individ-uals in those positions do not, or are not ex-pected to, spend an average of at least 50 per-cent of their time performing criminal inves-tigative duties. 
(c) P
ROJECTED COSTSAVINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall estimate the total long-term cost sav-ings to the Federal Government resulting from the implementation of subsection (b), and provide such estimate to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.005 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H893 February 10, 2015 
Senate by not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) C ONTENTS .—Such estimate shall iden-
tify savings associated with the positions re-classified under subsection (b) and include, among other factors the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate, savings from— 
(A) law enforcement training; (B) early retirement benefits; (C) law enforcement availability pay; and (D) weapons, vehicles, and communications 
devices. 
SEC. 6. INVESTIGATION OF FEDERAL AIR MAR-
SHAL SERVICE MISCONDUCT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, or as soon as prac-ticable, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate— 
(1) any materials in the possession or con-
trol of the Department of Homeland Security associated with the Office of Inspection’s re-view of instances in which Federal Air Mar-shal Service officials obtained discounted or free firearms for personal use; and 
(2) information on specific actions that 
will be taken to prevent Federal Air Marshal Service officials from using their official po-sitions, or exploiting, in any way, the Serv-ice’s relationships with private vendors to obtain discounted or free firearms for per-sonal use. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 719, 
the TSA Office of Inspection Account-ability Act of 2015. I introduced this bi-partisan bill to target millions of dol-lars of potential waste within the TSA’s Office of Inspection, as identi-fied by the Homeland Security inspec-tor general. 
TSA’s Office of Inspection is charged 
with investigating misconduct of TSA employees and conducting internal in-spections and covert testing of TSA op-erations to ensure our transportation systems are well protected. 
However, according to a critical DHS 
inspector general report issued in 2013, TSA does not sufficiently track wheth-er each of its 100 criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection, in fact, spend a majority of time performing actual criminal investigations, as re-quired by law. 
Instead, these TSA investigators pri-
marily monitor the results of criminal investigations conducted by other agencies, investigate administrative cases of employee misconduct, and carry out inspections, covert tests, and 
internal reviews. Therefore, these TSA investigators may be unduly receiving premium law enforcement pay, special-ized training, vehicles, firearms, and other benefits even though they do not meet the minimum legal requirements for receiving such pay and benefits. 
H.R. 719 aims to correct this problem 
by requiring the inspector general to certify that TSA criminal investiga-tors meet the legal threshold for re-ceiving premium pay and benefits, which could save as much as $17 mil-lion in taxpayer dollars over 5 years. 
Mr. Speaker, like any entity, the 
vast majority of TSA employees do an exemplary job. It is a critical compo-nent of this continuing ability to have these people perform at a high level to have internal oversight. 
The importance of investigating mis-
conduct among TSA employees cannot be overstated. Just last week, we learned of an investigation conducted by Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, otherwise known as ICE, that led to the indictment of a TSA employee on child pornography charges. 
In this recent and unfortunate exam-
ple, it was ICE that performed the in-vestigation, not TSA. We must ensure that TSA’s internal cadre of investiga-tors are spending the majority of time on criminal investigations or we risk wasting significant taxpayer resources, resources that could be used toward improving the integrity of TSA’s work-force. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
thank the original cosponsor of this legislation, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ), for his leader-
ship on this important commonsense issue. 
This bill passed the House last Con-
gress, but the Senate did not take ac-tion on it. Let’s send this bill back to the Senate and on to the President for his signature. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.R. 719, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 719, 
the TSA Office of Inspection Account-ability Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, as ranking member of 
the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I have a responsibility to en-sure that the Transportation Security Administration operates effectively and efficiently. Part of this responsi-bility includes working to ensure that not a single taxpayer dollar is wasted so that resources are properly expended to protect our Nation’s airports and the traveling public. 
Regrettably, we have learned from 
the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s inspector general that the TSA’s Office of Inspection is not operating ef-fectively and efficiently. Specifically, we have learned that taxpayer dollars have been wasted in a manner that may well be undermining the effective-ness and integrity of internal inves-
tigations and inspections within the TSA. 
According to a report issued by the 
inspector general in September of 2013, some employees in the Office of Inspec-tion were designated ‘‘criminal inves-tigators’’ and have received the pre-mium pay and early retirement bene-fits commensurate with that position, despite the fact that they perform lit-tle to no investigative duties. 
Apparently, the Office of Inspection 
knowingly made these improper des-ignations and knowingly conferred bet-ter pay and benefits to employees who did not do the work required to justify such compensation. 
b1715 
If no changes are made to the number 
of criminal investigator positions, the inspector general estimates that it will result in the wasting of as much as $17.5 million over 5 years. H.R. 719 seeks to put an end to this wasteful practice and prevent it from happening in the future. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill would require 
TSA to certify that all persons des-ignated as criminal investigators are working on criminal investigations at least 50 percent of their time. If the TSA wants to provide an employee with the enhanced pay and benefits that criminal investigators receive, then they should have to certify that the employee is actually performing the duties of a criminal investigator. That is just common sense. 
This measure would not affect indi-
viduals in that office who legitimately hold the criminal investigator title and would not impede efforts to thwart ter-ror plots and other criminal enter-prises that threaten our national secu-rity. 
Again, this legislation is common 
sense. It reflects a commitment to good government and the careful stew-ardship of taxpayer dollars. The House unanimously approved identical legis-lation in the last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do the same with this bill. 
This is an opportunity for bipartisan 
action to solve a problem and dem-onstrate the strength of our commit-ment to eliminate wasteful spending. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like 
to commend Chairman K
ATKO , as well 
as the gentleman from South Carolina, Representative S
ANFORD , for their 
work on this legislation. If enacted, H.R. 719 will bring greater account-ability to TSA’s Office of Inspection and ensure taxpayer dollars are being used efficiently and that past abuses are not being repeated. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Homeland Security Chairman M
CCAUL 
and Ranking Member T HOMPSON for 
their support of this bill, as well as the ranking member of the Subcommittee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.007 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H894 February 10, 2015 
on Transportation Security, the gen-
tlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE). 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
have entrusted us with conducting oversight of the agencies like TSA to root out instances of waste. H.R. 719 will hold TSA accountable and save precious tax dollars by ensuring that the inspector general’s findings are ad-dressed. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in strong support of H.R. 719, the ‘‘TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
Upon its creation, TSA was given broad au-
thority to hire, fire, and set the terms of em-ployment of its personnel. 
This has resulted in employees, such as 
Transportation Security Officers, lacking the full rights afforded other Federal employees. 
It has also resulted, in some cases, of 
abuses of the system for the gain of a few. 
According to the Inspector General of the 
Department of Homeland Security, TSA’s Of-fice of Inspection has been gaming the system by employing a bloated number of personnel as ‘‘criminal investigators’’ for years. 
Those who are designated as ‘‘criminal in-
vestigators’’ receive additional compensation and are afforded the right to retire early. 
H.R. 719 will put an end to these abuses by 
requiring the Inspector General to approve the method used by TSA to designate personnel as criminal investigators. It also requires TSA to certify to Congress that only those individ-uals performing the requisite criminal inves-tigation work are designated as ‘‘criminal in-vestigators’’. 
According to the Inspector General, properly 
classifying individuals within TSA’s Office of Inspection could save taxpayers as much as $17 million over five years. 
During Committee consideration of this 
measure last Congress, I offered an amend-ment on behalf of Representative L
ORETTA  
SANCHEZ that addresses revelations about 
how some within TSA’s Federal Air Marshal Service exploited relationships with private vendors to obtain discounted or free firearms. 
Specifically, in April 2014, the Committee 
became aware that the former director of the Federal Air Marshal Service bought several guns from an employee who is under inves-tigation for using his position to obtain free and discounted firearms. 
Unfortunately, TSA was less than forth-
coming with Congress regarding this investiga-tion, leaving many questions unanswered about how the investigation was conducted and the number of FAMs officials involved. 
The exploitation of official relationships for 
personal gain is a serious matter. 
Such misuse occurring within the Federal 
Air Marshal Service, the Law Enforcement component within TSA is unacceptable. 
To address the lack of transparency regard-
ing the investigation, the Committee accepted language I offered to require TSA to provide information and materials associated with the Office of Inspection’s review of the allegations to Congress. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee and a former chair of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, I rise in support of H.R. 719, the ‘‘TSA Office of Inspection Ac-
countability Act of 2015.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman 
M
CCAULand Ranking Member T HOMPSON for 
their leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor. 
H.R. 719 will save the taxpayers hundreds 
of thousands dollars annually by requiring the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to conform its personnel classification prac-tices to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions. 
According to a report by the Homeland Se-
curity Department’s Inspector General (IG), about half of the employees in the Office of In-spection (OII) are classified as criminal inves-tigators even though their duties do not in-volve responsibilities that can be characterized as criminal investigation activities. 
Instead, the responsibilities of these employ-
ees primarily consist of administrative duties such as investigating cases of TSA employee misconduct and conducting internal reviews. 
Classifying these employees as ‘‘law en-
forcement’’ personnel, however, makes them eligible for premium pay and other significant economic benefits. 
If TSA fails to reclassify criminal investigator 
positions as noncriminal investigator positions or non-law-enforcement positions, this will cost taxpayers as much as $17,000,000 over 5 years. 
This money could be utilized to ensure that 
law enforcement agencies, which identify, ap-prehend, and prosecute criminals, have the tools, resources, and training necessary to do their job efficiently, effectively, and economi-cally. 
Mr. Speaker, I have always strongly sup-
ported providing the resources needed by law enforcement and first responders and will con-tinue to do so in future. 
But we have an obligation to the American 
people to be responsible stewards of the pub-lic trust and it is not responsible to provide premium pay and benefits intended for law en-forcement personnel to employees who do not perform the dangerous duties of law enforce-ment officers. 
This bill will obligate the Assistant Secretary 
of TSA to reclassify criminal investigator posi-tions in the Office of Inspection as noncriminal investigator positions or non-law enforcement positions if the individuals in those positions do not, or are not expected to, spend an aver-age of at least 50 percent of their time per-forming criminal investigative duties. 
This is an important step to bring trans-
parency to the office of inspector with regards to the work of TSA personnel and law enforce-ment investigative task. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting H.R. 719, which directs the Office of Inspection to reclassify its current criminal in-vestigator positions to conform to the require-ments of applicable law and save the tax-payers hundreds of thousands of dollars annu-ally. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of 
the Committee on Homeland Security, I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of H.R. 719, the TSA Office of Inspection Account-ability Act of 2015, sponsored by the gen-tleman from New York, Mr. K
ATKO . 
This bill would increase accountability at 
TSA and save precious taxpayer dollars by re-quiring the agency to correctly designate crimi-nal investigators within the TSA Office of In-spection who are charged with conducting 
covert tests, inspections, and investigating misconduct among fellow TSA employees. 
This bill stems from a 2013 DHS Inspector 
General (IG) report that found TSA’s Office of Inspection does not operate efficiently and does not ensure that its criminal investigators are spending the majority of their time con-ducting criminal investigations, even though they are receiving premium law enforcement pay and related benefits. The bill addresses the IG’s findings by requiring a thorough re-view of the type of work carried out by TSA criminal investigators, which could save mil-lions of taxpayer dollars over the next several years in law enforcement pay, vehicles, train-ing, and other benefits. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of 
this common sense, bipartisan bill, and would like to thank the chairman of the sub-committee, Mr. K
ATKO , as well as the Con-
gressman from South Carolina, Mr. S ANFORD , 
for their leadership on this issue. I would also like to thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and the ranking 
member of the subcommittee, Miss R ICE, for 
their support of this legislation. 
H.R. 719 is substantively identical to H.R. 
4803, legislation approved by the Committee on Homeland Security last Congress that sub-sequently passed the House by voice vote. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 719. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 719. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GERARDO HERNANDEZ AIRPORT 
SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 720) to improve intergovern-mental planning for and communica-tion during security incidents at do-mestic airports, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 720 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gerardo 
Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘As-
sistant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security (Transpor-tation Security) of the Department of Home-land Security. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.018 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H895 February 10, 2015 
SEC. 3. SECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE AT AIR-
PORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, conduct outreach to all air-ports in the United States at which the Ad-ministration performs, or oversees the im-plementation and performance of, security measures, and provide technical assistance as necessary, to verify such airports have in place individualized working plans for re-sponding to security incidents inside the pe-rimeter of the airport, including active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints. 
(b) T
YPES OF PLANS .—Such plans may in-
clude, but may not be limited to, the fol-lowing: 
(1) A strategy for evacuating and providing 
care to persons inside the perimeter of the airport, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
(2) A plan for establishing a unified com-
mand, including identification of staging areas for non-airport-specific law enforce-ment and fire response. 
(3) A schedule for regular testing of com-
munications equipment used to receive emergency calls. 
(4) An evaluation of how emergency calls 
placed by persons inside the perimeter of the airport will reach airport police in an expedi-tious manner. 
(5) A practiced method and plan to commu-
nicate with travelers and all other persons inside the perimeter of the airport. 
(6) To the extent practicable, a projected 
maximum timeframe for law enforcement re-sponse. 
(7) A schedule of joint exercises and train-
ing to be conducted by the airport, the Ad-ministration, other stakeholders such as air-port and airline tenants, and any relevant law enforcement, airport police, fire, and medical personnel. 
(8) A schedule for producing after-action 
joint exercise reports to identify and deter-mine how to improve security incident re-sponse capabilities. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall re-port to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the findings from its outreach to airports under sub-section (a), including an analysis of the level of preparedness such airports have to re-spond to security incidents, including active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints. 
SEC. 4. DISSEMINATING INFORMATION ON BEST 
PRACTICES. 
The Assistant Secretary shall— 
(1) identify best practices that exist across 
airports for security incident planning, man-agement, and training; and 
(2) establish a mechanism through which 
to share such best practices with other air-port operators nationwide. 
SEC. 5. CERTIFICATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Assistant Secretary shall certify in writ-ing to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that all screen-ing personnel have participated in practical training exercises for active shooter sce-narios. 
SEC. 6. REIMBURSABLE AGREEMENTS. 
Not later than 90 days after the enactment 
of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an analysis of how the Administration can use cost savings achieved through efficiencies to increase over the next 5 fiscal years the funding avail-able for checkpoint screening law enforce-ment support reimbursable agreements. 
SEC. 7. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act, and this Act shall be carried out using amounts oth-erwise available for such purpose. 
SEC. 8. INTEROPERABILITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, conduct a review of the interoperable communica-tions capabilities of the law enforcement, fire, and medical personnel responsible for responding to a security incident, including active shooter events, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints, at all airports in the United States at which the Administration per-forms, or oversees the implementation and performance of, security measures. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after 
the completion of the review, the Assistant Secretary shall report the findings of the re-view to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Se-curity Act of 2015. 
H.R. 720 is a bipartisan measure I in-
troduced to enhance preparedness at our Nation’s airports for responding to active shooters and other security inci-dents. 
The legislation was championed last 
Congress by my predecessor, the former chairman of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, Mr. H
UDSON , 
in response to the tragic shooting at Los Angeles International Airport in November of 2013. 
The shooting at LAX took the life of 
Transportation Security Officer Her-nandez and wounded two other TSA of-ficers and one passenger. The event highlighted vulnerabilities in airport preparedness, including in the areas of incident command, communication with travelers, communication be-tween TSA and law enforcement, and evacuation measures. H.R. 720 would 
apply lessons learned and help close gaps in preparedness at other U.S. air-ports around the country. 
Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. 
Everyone within the airport commu-nity—from law enforcement and emer-gency medical personnel, to airport and airline personnel, to TSA officials and the traveling public—must know how to respond to an active shooter or other threat inside the airport. 
If not, we risk repeating the commu-
nication and coordination challenges among responding agencies that were well documented in the aftermath of the LAX shooting. There is no excuse for such inaction. 
Many airports have taken their own 
steps following the shooting to strengthen preparedness and response plans, and they should be applauded for that. 
H.R. 720 would require TSA to verify 
that airports maintain plans for evacu-ating travelers, conducting joint exer-cises within the airport community, es-tablishing unified command posts dur-ing security incidents, and testing radio equipment. 
The bill would also make TSA a 
clearinghouse for security incident re-sponse and communications best prac-tices—a key recommendation from the airport community—as well as require the agency to certify to Congress that all screening personnel have partici-pated in active shooter training. 
H.R. 720 explicitly does not authorize 
any new spending to implement these commonsense measures. TSA continues 
to achieve millions of dollars in cost savings with risk-based programs such as TSA Precheck, and I believe the agency must continually prioritize its resources to address real threats to the traveling public. 
This bipartisan bill was developed 
with public and private sector input following multiple subcommittee hear-ings, site visits, meetings, and afteraction reviews conducted by both the TSA and Los Angeles World Air-ports. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member 
THOMPSON , Ranking Member R ICE, Con-
gressman H UDSON , and other bipartisan 
cosponsors of the bill for joining me in introducing this legislation and for their strong support in getting this leg-islation to the floor today. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, and yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today 
is named in honor of Officer Gerardo Hernandez, a Transportation Security Administration officer who was trag-ically shot and killed in the line of duty on November 1, 2013, at Los Ange-les International Airport. 
Officer Hernandez was the first TSA 
employee ever to be killed in the line 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.011 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H896 February 10, 2015 
of duty, and this bill that bears his 
name seeks to better prepare our Na-tion’s airports to respond to such secu-rity incidents in hopes that we can pre-vent another TSA officer, airport em-ployee, or passenger from suffering the same fate. 
That morning in November 2013, a 
man entered LAX with a semiauto-matic rifle, a bagful of ammunition, and the intent to target TSA officers. After killing Officer Hernandez at the TSA checkpoint, the man proceeded into the secure area of the terminal where he shot and wounded two more TSA officers and a civilian. 
Those two TSA officers heroically 
continued to help passengers escape to safety while the shooter made it as far as the food court at the end of the ter-minal before he was shot and wounded by LAX police officers. 
The men and women of the Los Ange-
les World Airports Police Department and all emergency responders who ar-rived on the scene that morning acted bravely and swiftly prevented further loss of life despite tremendous commu-nications challenges. 
It is with those men and women and 
all emergency responders in mind that I rise to support this bill because this incident exposed serious deficiencies in planning, preparedness, and commu-nication that must be corrected for the safety of emergency responders and all who use and work in our airports. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 720 would imple-
ment commonsense security measures to ensure that our Nation’s airports have in place individualized strategies for responding to a security incident such as an active shooter scenario or an act of terrorism. 
This bill also specifically requires 
TSA to provide information to airports on best practices for responding to a security incident at checkpoints; pro-vide Transportation Security officers with practical training for responding to active shooter scenarios; and con-duct a nationwide assessment of the interoperable communications capa-bilities of the law enforcement, fire, and medical personnel responsible for responding to an active shooter event at an airport. 
These requirements are informed by 
postincident reviews conducted by TSA and LAX, as well as hearings and over-sight work conducted by the Com-mittee on Homeland Security Sub-committee on Transportation Security. 
Mr. Speaker, prior to my time here 
in Congress, I understand that the Sub-committee on Transportation Security also visited LAX to see firsthand how the tragedy unfolded and hear from TSA airport officials and the American Federation of Government Employees about how the response to a similar in-cident can be improved going forward. 
I hope that we can continue that pro-
ductive dialogue with LAX and our other airports and work together to better prepare for such violence in the airport environment. 
We will never forget what happened 
at LAX on November 1, 2013, nor can we afford to forget the lessons to be 
learned from that tragic day. The threats to our Nation’s airports are ceaseless and constantly evolving. There could be another attack on any given day at any given airport. We must assume that it will happen. We must be more prepared. We must do better. We owe it to Officer Hernandez and his family. 
That is why I rise today in support of 
H.R. 720, and I urge all of my col-leagues to pass this important bill. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time and look for-ward to the comments from the gentle-woman from California (Ms. W
ATERS ). 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. W
ATERS ), the 
ranking member on the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services whose district encompasses Los Ange-les International Airport. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I thank the gentlewoman for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 
720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Se-curity Act of 2015. I would like to thank Congressman J
OHN KATKO , the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security of the House Committee on Homeland Security, for reintroducing this bill. I was proud to join him as an original cosponsor. 
I would like to thank Homeland Se-
curity Chairman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Ranking Member B ENNIE THOMPSON , 
and our Subcommittee Ranking Mem-ber K
ATHLEEN RICEfor supporting this 
bill and bringing it to the floor for a vote. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill was 
originally introduced last year in re-sponse to the horrific November 1, 2013, shooting incident at Los Angeles Inter-national Airport in my congressional district. 
This bill is named in honor of 
Gerardo Hernandez, the Transportation Security officer who was killed in the line of duty on that tragic day. As we debate this bill, we offer our deepest condolences to the family of Gerardo Hernandez, and we honor all of the TSOs, police officers, and other first re-sponders who risked their lives to sta-bilize the situation and protect the public during that terrible incident. 
Following the LAX shooting inci-
dent, Congress conducted several hear-ings on the incident, including a field hearing in my district on March 28, 2014. These hearings revealed serious security lapses which interfered with response efforts, such as emergency phones and panic buttons that did not work properly, problems in coordina-tion between various police and fire de-partments, and incompatible radio sys-tems. These security failures are unac-ceptable. 
The Gerardo Hernandez Airport Secu-
rity Act requires the Department of Homeland Security to conduct out-reach to airports to verify that they have working plans to respond to secu-
rity incidents, including active shooter incidents, acts of terrorism, and inci-dents that target passenger screening checkpoints like the one where Officer Hernandez was killed. 
b1730 
It is imperative that major airports 
like LAX have state-of-the-art emer-gency response systems. The safety and security of our Nation’s airports, and of all of the workers and travelers who pass through them, is of paramount importance. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and send it to the President’s desk. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like 
to thank Subcommittee Chairman K
ATKO for the bipartisan, inclusive, 
and constructive way in which he has conducted the subcommittee’s response to this incident. I am proud to join Ranking Member T
HOMPSON and Chair-
man M CCAULas an original cosponsor 
of H.R. 720. This is bipartisan legisla-tion that was unanimously passed by the House last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do the same with this bill. 
I strongly believe that with our votes 
today, we will not only honor the life of Officer Hernandez, we have the op-portunity to save lives, be they trans-portation security officers, airport workers, or members of the flying pub-lic. At the end of the day, saving those lives is the best way we can honor Offi-cer Hernandez and his family. I once again urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the tragic event that 
unfolded at LAX in November of 2013 was a stark reminder that much re-mains to be done in securing America’s transit hubs, particularly the non-sterile or nonsecure side of airports that are in many ways just like open shopping malls. 
Given this reality, we must ensure 
that airport communities are prepared to respond swiftly to any major secu-rity incidents that threaten the safety of the traveling public. In remem-brance of Transportation Security Offi-cer Hernandez, I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of 
the Committee on Homeland Security, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation will help air-ports nationwide improve their emergency re-sponse plans, in order to be better prepared for security incidents like the tragic shooting that occurred at Los Angeles International Air-port on November 1, 2013. This legislation will enhance airport security by requiring the Transportation Security Administration to as-sess security incident preparedness at airports across the country, train its own employees on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.020 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H897 February 10, 2015 
how to effectively respond to active shooter in-
cidents, develop plans for testing emergency communications equipment, and act as a clearinghouse for airport security best-prac-tices. 
I had the opportunity to travel to LAX nearly 
a year ago for a site visit and field hearing led by the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. H
UDSON . During that trip, the Committee 
gained a better understanding of how rel-atively easy it is for someone with malicious intent to wreak havoc at one of the world’s busiest airports and how important it is to have adequate emergency plans in place to respond to any security incident that may occur. 
I would like to commend the Chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. K
ATKO and the former Chairman of the 
Subcommittee, Mr. H UDSON for their diligent 
efforts to address this important issue, and their dedication to strengthening the state of airport security nationwide. I also wish to com-mend the bipartisan efforts of both the Rank-ing Member of the Full Committee, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and the Ranking Member of the 
Subcommittee, Miss R ICE, whose support of 
this legislation is greatly appreciated. Identical language to H.R. 720 was approved by the Committee on Homeland Security last Con-gress and subsequently passed the House by voice vote. 
I urge support for this critical measure. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in support of H.R. 720, a bill I am pleased to be a cosponsor of. 
The shooting at LAX resulted in the loss of 
Officer Hernandez’s life and served as a stark reminder of the dangers the men and women on the front lines of securing our aviation sec-tor face. 
Unarmed and exposed, Transportation Se-
curity Officers perform the often thankless task of screening 1.8 million passengers per day. 
They do so with limited workplace protec-
tions and the great responsibility of preventing another terrorist attack on the scale of 9/11. 
Given their vulnerability and the critical role 
they play in protecting our homeland, it is es-sential that airports and the law enforcement agencies that serve them have the resources, training, and plans in place to ensure a swift and effective response when an incident that threatens the safety of Transportation Security Officers occurs. 
In March of 2014, I had the opportunity to 
attend the Subcommittee on Transportation Security’s site visit and field hearing at Los Angeles International Airport focused on the tragic shooting that occurred there on Novem-ber 1st of 2013. 
While the response of the individual police 
officers who prevented further loss of life on that tragic day is to be commended, the over-all response at LAX left much to be desired. 
Panic buttons at the checkpoint were not in 
working order. The emergency phone Trans-portation Security Officers have been trained to use did not display the location of the inci-dent to the command center, and the police, firefighters, and emergency medical personnel responding could not communicate via inter-operable radios. 
The bill before us today represents a bipar-
tisan effort to remedy many of the deficiencies identified following the shooting. 
During Committee consideration of the bill 
last Congress, Representative P
AYNE offered an amendment to the bill requiring TSA to 
conduct a nationwide assessment of the inter-operability capabilities of emergency respond-ers at airports. 
I am pleased that the amendment was 
adopted and is still included in the bill before the House today. 
Such an assessment will help inform where 
communications gaps that may hamper emer-gency response at airports still exist. 
I would like to once again give my condo-
lences for Officer Hernandez. 
Under current law, the families of individuals 
serving a public agency in an official capacity as a law enforcement officer, firefighter, or chaplain receive compensation if their loved one is killed in the line of duty. 
The same is true for families of employees 
of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy and members of rescue squads or ambu-lance crews. 
Unfortunately, the law has not been updated 
to include Transportation Security Officers within the definition of what constitutes a pub-lic safety officer. 
As a result, the families of TSOs who are 
killed in the line of duty, such as the Her-nandez family, are not entitled to funds from the Public Safety Officer’s Benefits Program. 
Last Congress, Representative B
ROWNLEY  
introduced legislation that would grant Trans-portation Security Officers the benefits of other law enforcement officers that are killed in the line of duty. 
It is my understanding that Representative 
B
ROWNLEY intends to reintroduce the ‘‘Hon-
oring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act’’ this Con-gress. 
I implore my colleagues to support the forth-
coming legislation so that the families of the men and women on the front lines of pro-tecting our aviation sector are properly com-pensated when tragedy strikes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H. R. 720, The Gerardo Her-nandez Airport Security Act of 2015, which im-proves intergovernmental planning and com-munication during security incidents at domes-tic airports. 
As a former chair and ranking member of 
the Homeland Security Committee Transpor-tation Security Subcommittee, I understand how important this bill will be in enhancing safety and protection in the air transit industry, not just for our citizens but for our Transpor-tation Security Officers working in the line of duty. 
This legislation, which requires the Trans-
portation Security Administration (TSA) to de-vote more resources for planning and commu-nication during and in case of threats or emer-gencies, is prompted by the tragic death of Gerardo I. Hernandez, a Transportation Secu-rity Officer who was killed in the line of duty at Los Angeles International Airport on No-vember 1, 2013. 
At just 39 years old, Gerardo Hernandez 
was the first TSA officer to lose his life in the line of duty in the 12 year history of the agen-cy. 
He died from several gunshot wounds in-
flicted by an assailant while on duty at the Los Angeles International Airport 
Gerardo Hernandez was among those thou-
sands of TSA employs carrying out their mis-sion to keep the airways safe for traveling citi-zens, and their work across the nation cannot be understated. Seven victims were treated at the scene of 
the attack and three victims who were wound-ed by gunfire, including two TSA officers, iden-tified as 54-year-old James Speer and 36- year-old Tony Grigsby needed hospital treat-ment. 
On average, TSA officers screen 1.7 million 
air passengers at more than 450 airports across the nation, which averaged over 637.5 million passengers in 2012. 
H.R. 720 will help ensure that all screening 
personnel have received training in how to handle potential shooting threats. 
The bill also requires TSA to verify that all 
airports have plans in place to respond to any security threats, and provide technical assist-ance as necessary to improve those plans. 
The bill also directs the Department of 
Homeland Security’s (DHS) Office of Cyberse-curity and Communication to report to Con-gress the capacity of law enforcement, fire, and medical response teams’ communication and response to security threats at airports. 
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) es-
timates the implementation of H.R. 720 would cost about $2.5 million in 2015. Of the $2.5 million, an estimated $1.5 million would serve to provide additional technical assistance to airports, and the remaining $1 million would be used to evaluate the interoperability of communication systems used by emergency response teams. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been almost 14 years 
since our country suffered the tragedy of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
We will never forget how that day changed 
our lives, and the lives of every American gen-eration to follow. 
Security measures in airports across the 
country have been enhanced dramatically, and the resulting inconvenience is a small price to pay for the protective measures needed to keep the travelling public safe. 
It is people like Gerardo Hernandez who do 
their best to make the necessary screening as least intrusive and burdensome as possible, consistent with the mission of ensuring the se-curity of all members of the flying public. 
TSA officers willingly risk their lives to make 
sure the job gets done, and for that we owe these men and women a debt of gratitude. 
In honor of Gerardo Hernandez’s contribu-
tion to his country, I strongly support this bill and urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for its passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 720. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.012 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H898 February 10, 2015 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 33 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia) at 6 
o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE CONDOLENCES 
OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE ALAN NUNNELEE, A REPRESENTATIVE FROM THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 99 
In the House of Representatives, U.S., Feb-
ruary 10, 2015: 
Resolved, That the House has heard with 
profound sorrow of the death of the Honor-able Alan Nunnelee, a Representative from the State of Mississippi. 
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate 
these resolutions to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. 
Resolved, That when the House adjourns 
today, it adjourn as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the deceased. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 719, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 720, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 69] 
YEAS—414 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra 
Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier 
DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight 
Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter 
Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres 
Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Capps 
Cartwright Collins (GA) Diaz-Balart Duckworth Gosar Gutie´rrez Labrador 
Lee Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Noem Palazzo Roe (TN) Ruiz 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Stewart Welch 
b1857 
Ms. KAPTUR changed her vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-
BRANCE OF THE LATE HONOR-ABLE ALAN NUNNELEE 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, on Friday we lost our col-league A
LAN NUNNELEE , who rep-
resented the First Congressional Dis-trict of Mississippi. 
On yesterday, Congressman 
N
UNNELEE was funeralized. The entire 
Mississippi delegation and 40 other Members of Congress attended. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House 
pause for a moment of silence in re-membrance of Congressman N
UNNELEE . 
The SPEAKER. Members will rise 
and observe a moment of silence. 
f 
GERARDO HERNANDEZ AIRPORT 
SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- 
minute voting will continue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.023 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H899 February 10, 2015 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-
ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 720) to improve intergovernmental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic air-ports, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 1, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 70] 
YEAS—411 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin 
Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell 
Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Sensenbrenner 
NOT VOTING—20 
Capps 
Cartwright Collins (GA) Diaz-Balart Duckworth Gosar Gutie´rrez Labrador 
Lee Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Murphy (FL) Noem Roe (TN) Ruiz 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Smith (NE) Stewart Welch Woodall 
b1906 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was delayed 
for votes on Tuesday, February 10, 2015, as the train I was on ended up being delayed by two and a half hours, and as a consequence, I arrived half an hour late and missed votes. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: H.R. 719—TSA Office of In-
spection Accountability Act—vote: ‘‘yes,’’ H.R. 720—Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act—vote: ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 1, KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE AP-PROVAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2015, THROUGH FEBRUARY 23, 2015 
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–22) on the resolution (H. Res. 100) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from Feb-ruary 16, 2015, through February 23, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 644, FIGHTING HUNGER IN-CENTIVE ACT OF 2015, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 636, AMERICA’S SMALL BUSI-NESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015 
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–23) on the resolution (H. Res. 101) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend and expand the chari-table deduction for contributions of food inventory, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ESSENTIAL TRANSPORTATION 
WORKER IDENTIFICATION CRE-DENTIAL ASSESSMENT ACT 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 710) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to pre-pare a comprehensive security assess-ment of the transportation security card program, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 710 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Essential 
Transportation Worker Identification Cre-dential Assessment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPREHENSIVE SECURITY ASSESSMENT 
OF THE TRANSPORTATION SECU-RITY CARD PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.027 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H900 February 10, 2015 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-
tives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Comptroller General of the United States a comprehensive assessment of the effective-ness of the transportation security card pro-gram under section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, at enhancing security and re-ducing security risks for facilities and ves-sels regulated pursuant to section 102 of Pub-lic Law 107–295. Such assessment shall be conducted by a national laboratory that, to the extent practicable, is within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security laboratory net-work with expertise in maritime security or by a maritime security university-based cen-ter within the Department of Homeland Se-curity centers of excellence network. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The comprehensive assess-
ment shall include— 
(1) an evaluation of the extent to which the 
program, as implemented, addresses known or likely security risks in the maritime envi-ronment; 
(2) an evaluation of the extent to which de-
ficiencies identified by the Comptroller Gen-eral have been addressed; and 
(3) a cost-benefit analysis of the program, 
as implemented. 
(c) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN; PROGRAM RE-
FORMS .—Not later than 60 days after the Sec-
retary submits the assessment under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall submit a cor-rective action plan to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that responds to the assess-ment under subsection (b). The corrective 
action plan shall include an implementation plan with benchmarks, may include pro-grammatic reforms, revisions to regulations, or proposals for legislation, and shall be con-sidered in any rule making by the Depart-ment relating to the transportation security card program. 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 120 days after the Secretary issues the corrective action plan under subsection (c), the Comptroller General shall— 
(1) review the extent to which such plan 
implements— 
(A) recommendations issued by the na-
tional laboratory or maritime security uni-versity-based center, as applicable, in the as-sessment submitted under subsection (a); and 
(B) recommendations issued by the Comp-
troller General before the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) inform the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate as to the responsiveness of such plan to such recommendations. 
(e) T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY CARDREAD-
ERRULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security may not issue a final rule re-quiring the use of transportation security card readers until— 
(A) the Comptroller General informs the 
Committees on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and Commerce, Science and Transportation of the Senate that the submission under sub-section (a) is responsive to the recommenda-tions of the Comptroller General; and 
(B) the Secretary issues an updated list of 
transportation security card readers that are compatible with active transportation secu-rity cards. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Paragraph 
(1) shall not apply with respect to any final rule issued pursuant to the notice of pro-
posed rulemaking on Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC)-Reader Re-quirements published by the Coast Guard on March 22, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 17781) 
(f) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OVERSIGHT .— 
Not less than 18 months after the date of the issuance of the corrective action plan under subsection (c), and every six months there-after during the 3-year period following the date of the issuance of the first report under this subsection, the Comptroller General shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate regarding implementation of the cor-rective action plan. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in strong support of H.R. 
710, the Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential As-sessment Act. 
First, I would like to thank the gen-
tlelady from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) 
for reintroducing this thoughtful legis-lation and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) for her leader-
ship in moving it through her sub-committee last Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation calls for 
a security assessment to determine the efficacy of the Transportation Worker Identification Credential, commonly known as the TWIC program. This bill will help Congress better determine the value of the TWIC program and simul-taneously allow the Department to proceed with finalizing the long-await-ed card reader rule. 
I support this bill under consider-
ation on the floor today because it re-sponds to a key recommendation of the Government Accountability Office that the TWIC program should have a base-line security assessment before the program moves forward. 
I have several thriving ports in my 
district, such as Savannah, Brunswick, and Kings Bay. As many of my col-leagues who also have ports in their districts know, TWIC is a port security program that has been wrought with 
constant delays and questions about its overall security value. 
Last Congress, the Border and Mari-
time Subcommittee held a hearing with the Coast Guard, TSA, and GAO on the TWIC program and the ongoing concerns therein, and this legislation is a result of that strong oversight. 
It may be hard to believe, but more 
than a decade after the legislation that required TWIC was first enacted, there has been no security or effectiveness assessment of the program to assess the underlying assumptions of the se-curity and access control concerns the card was intended to mitigate. 
This bill seeks to answer the simple 
question: How, if at all, does TWIC im-prove maritime security? This should have been one of the very first things the Department did when it began to implement this program, and this bill ensures it is done. 
The TWIC card was initially designed 
to prevent terrorists from gaining ac-cess to sensitive parts of our Nation’s ports through the use of biometric-en-abled credentials. However, with no bi-
ometric reader regulations in place, the TWIC card is currently used as a flash pass since most facilities and ves-sels are neither currently required to nor voluntarily utilize biometric read-ers. The lack of biometric readers, therefore, limits the effectiveness of this program. 
For several years, members of the 
Homeland Security Committee have been calling on the Department to re-lease the card reader rule to provide some certainty to workers and indus-try. 
b1915 
The final rule to require TWIC read-
ers to be used at the riskiest 5 percent of all TWIC-regulated vessels and fa-cilities has not been issued. The notice of proposed rulemaking was posted al-most 2 years ago which was nearly 6 years after workers were first required to pay for and obtain a TWIC card. 
The delays are so significant that 
workers have already had to renew their biometric credentials in the time it has taken to issue regulations on credential readers to actually utilize the biometric-enabled technology. This is absurd. 
While we all agree there is much 
room for improvement with the TWIC program, putting it on hold for several more years would do more harm than good. The business community has been preparing for this TWIC rule for several years. 
This bill would give them certainty 
about the requirements of the TWIC program. It also allows the Coast Guard and TSA to continue their ef-forts to deliver the port security pro-gram Congress expected years ago. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 710 re-
quires the GAO to perform consistent reviews of the TWIC program and to follow the changes the Department makes as a result of the required as-sessment. This added level of review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.019 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H901 February 10, 2015 
will provide Congress with progress up-
dates for future legislative action. 
The proposed rule and open GAO rec-
ommendations lead to some very basic questions about mitigating threat, risk, and vulnerability at our Nation’s ports and how the TWIC program should be used effectively to prevent a potential terrorist attack. 
We have an obligation, Mr. Speaker, 
to get this right. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 710, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 5, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-
cerning H.R. 710, the Essential Transpor-tation Worker Identification Credential As-sessment Act. This legislation includes mat-ters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
In order to expedite floor consideration of 
H.R. 710, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, February 5, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 710, the ‘‘Essential Transportation Worker Identification Cre-dential Assessment Act.’’ I appreciate your 
support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accord-ingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will fore-go action on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of H.R. 710, the Essential Transportation Worker Iden-
tification Credential Assessment Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my 
good friend from Georgia for his con-cern and for his commitment and thank him for his service on the Home-land Security Committee. I also want to acknowledge our chairman and our ranking member of the full committee and Mrs. M
ILLER who now serves as the 
chairwoman of the Border and Mari-time Security, on which I served as the ranking member in the last Congress. 
The bill passed the House unani-
mously in the 113th Congress, and I am pleased it is being considered by the House again today. Mr. Speaker, might I add my appreciation to the House leadership, in particular the Speaker; majority leader; and, of course, our leader and minority whip. 
The SAFE Port Act of 2006 directed 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to implement a biometric credential pro-gram, now known as the TWIC pro-gram, to ensure that individuals with unescorted access to secure areas of ports and vessels were vetted and car-rying proper credentials. 
Mr. Speaker, I had a TWIC card. I re-
member being there as the TWIC card was being implemented and watching various workers come to a central point and sign up for the TWIC card. We had great hope and inspiration on that TWIC card. 
Establishment of this program was 
viewed as critical to ensuring protec-tion of our ports from a so-called in-sider security threat; however, in the years since it was established, the De-partment of Homeland Security strug-gled to realize the security benefits that Congress envisioned. 
I know that the former director of 
the Transportation Security Adminis-tration, Mr. Pistole, was very con-cerned. It should be noted their efforts are an important part of their work, along with others. 
In fact, the Government Account-
ability Office has examined the pro-gram and identified serious short-comings that may undermine the pro-gram’s intended purpose and make it difficult to justify the program’s costs and particularly the costs to workers. I saw that firsthand. I also saw the chal-lenges of workers who had many unique scheduling for their work hours to be able to get a TWIC card. 
In response, I introduced H.R. 710 and 
its predecessor last Congress with the support of Subcommittee Chairman M
ILLER as an original cosponsor to en-
sure that Congress receives an inde-pendent, scientific assessment of the program and to require the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan in re-sponse to the assessment. 
Ranking Member T
HOMPSON is also a 
cosponsor, but this is bipartisan legis-lation. The required assessment should give Congress the information it needs to determine how best to proceed with the TWIC program. The bill has been refined over time to 
ensure that the long overdue rule-making for TWIC card readers would not be affected by the bill and to refine the scope of the assessment we are seeking. 
There is great interest in that final 
rule; particularly, there is interest in how many ports and vessels will be re-quired to install readers for biometric cards. If the final rule requires only a limited number of vessels and ports to have biometric readers, as has been previously proposed by the Depart-ment, we will still—we will still—cer-tainly need to have a discussion about what this means for the approximately 2 million truckers, longshoremen, and port workers who today carry TWICs as part of their jobs. 
For those of us who live around and 
near our ports, such as the Houston port, we know that this will have a great impact. 
In closing, I again thank my friend 
for his concern and presence here on the floor today and in support of this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to make the 
point that this bill was generated by the GAO report which found a number of concerns, and I just want to mention one or two. The reliability of data col-lection retention was done in an in-complete and inconsistent manner, this report wanted to inform us of—this was a GAO TWIC report—and it commented on some of the illnesses or ailments of this process. 
It reported that transaction data did 
not match underlying documentation, installed TWIC readers and access con-trol systems could not collect required data on TWIC reader use, and TSA and the independent test agent did not em-ploy effective compensating data col-lection measures. 
Also, pilot participants did not docu-
ment instances of denied access. Fi-nally, TSA and the independent test agent did not collect complete data on malfunctioning TWIC cards. 
This legislation, the underlying legis-
lation, H.R. 710, is to be a helper. It is to help correct our path to make the document, the TWIC card that all of us are quite familiar with, the best effec-tive data-collecting document and sys-tem that it can possibly be. 
I am very grateful that, again, my 
colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee have supported this legisla-tion, and I ask my colleagues to join us in making what is good much better and best to be able to secure the Na-tion and provide for the homeland. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my 
bill, H.R. 710, the ‘‘Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act.’’ 
This bill passed the House unanimously in 
the 113th Congress and I am pleased it is being considered by the House again today. 
The SAFE Port Act of 2006 directed the 
Secretary of Homeland Security to implement a biometric credential program, now known as the TWIC program, to ensure that individuals with unescorted access to secure areas of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.031 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H902 February 10, 2015 
ports and vessels were vetted and carrying 
proper credentials. 
Establishment of this program was viewed 
as critical to ensuring the protection of our ports from a so-called ‘‘insider security threat.’’ 
However, in the years since it was estab-
lished, the Department of Homeland Security struggled to realize the security benefits that Congress envisioned. 
In fact, the Government Accountability Of-
fice has examined the program and identified serious shortcomings that may undermine the program’s intended purpose and make it dif-ficult to justify program costs, and particularly the costs to workers. 
In response, I introduced H.R. 710 and its 
predecessor last Congress, with the support of Subcommittee Chairman M
ILLER as an original 
cosponsor, to ensure that Congress receives an independent scientific assessment of the program and to require the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan in response to the as-sessment. 
The required assessment should give Con-
gress the information it needs to determine how best to proceed with the TWIC program. 
The bill has been refined over time to en-
sure that the long-overdue rulemaking for TWIC card readers would not be affected by the bill and to refine the scope of the assess-ment we are seeking. 
There is great interest in that final rule, par-
ticularly there is interest in how many ports and vessels will be required to install readers for biometric cards. 
If the final rule requires only a limited num-
ber of vessels and ports to have biometric readers, as has been previously proposed by the Department, we will certainly need to have a discussion about what this means for the approximately 2 million truckers, longshore-men and port workers who today carry TWICs as part of their jobs. 
In closing, I want to express my apprecia-
tion to Chairman M
ILLER for the bipartisan na-
ture of the work on this bill and express my appreciation to her staff for their cooperation. 
I am proud to represent a portion of the Port 
of Houston and know firsthand the importance of this issue to the maritime workers, truckers, and others who access our Nation’s ports every day. It is imperative that we get this right on their behalf. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 710, a 
bipartisan bill that is essential to ensuring that the Department of Homeland Security has an effective program in place to help secure our ports. 
Identical legislation that I authored was ap-
proved unanimously last Congress. Today, with this legislation, we have the opportunity to send another strong message to the Depart-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Homeland Security Committee, the Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, and the author of the legisla-tion, I rise in strong and enthusiastic support of H.R. 710, the ‘‘Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act.’’ 
H.R. 710 is identical in all substantive re-
spects to H.R. 3202, which passed the House during the 113th Congress on July 28, 2014. 
The Essential Transportation Worker Identi-
fication Credential Assessment Act directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) to sub-mit to Congress and the Comptroller General (GAO) a comprehensive assessment of the ef-
fectiveness of the transportation security card program at enhancing security or reducing se-curity risks for maritime facilities and vessels. 
I reintroduced H.R. 710, in response to this 
GAO TWIC Report on the Weaknesses in the Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) Reader Pilot program that impacted the accuracy, and reliability of the system. 
The GAO report stated that data collection 
and retention was done in an incomplete and inconsistent manner during the pilot, further undermining the completeness, accuracy, and reliability of the data collected at pilot sites. 
Problems identified included by the GAO re-
port included: 
1. Installed TWIC readers and access con-
trol systems could not collect required data on TWIC reader use, and TSA and the inde-pendent test agent did not employ effective compensating data collection measures. 
2. Reported transaction data did not match 
underlying documentation. 
3. Pilot documentation did not contain com-
plete TWIC reader and access control system characteristics. 
4. Transportation Security Administration 
(TSA) and the independent test agent did not record clear baseline data for comparing oper-ational performance at access points with TWIC readers. 
5. TSA and the independent test agent did 
not collect complete data on malfunctioning TWIC cards. 
6. Pilot participants did not document in-
stances of denied access. 
7. TSA and the independent test agent did 
not collect consistent data on the operational impact of using TWIC cards with readers. 
8. Pilot site reports did not contain complete 
information about installed TWIC readers’ and access control systems’ design. 
H.R. 710 addresses the problems outlined 
in the GAO report by directing the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan based on the assessment that responds to the findings of a cost-benefit analysis of the program and en-hances security or reduces security risk for such facilities and vessels. 
Following the assessment the Comptroller 
General, within 120 days must review the ex-tent to which the submissions implement cer-tain recommendations issued by the Comp-troller General, and inform Congress as to the responsiveness of the submission. 
The bill also prohibits the Secretary from 
issuing a final rule requiring the use of trans-portation security card readers until the Comp-troller General informs Congress that the sub-mission is substantially responsive to the GAO recommendations, and the Secretary issues an updated list of transportation security card readers that are compatible with active trans-portation security cards. 
Mr. Speaker, my congressional district is lo-
cated in Houston, Texas, which is home to the Port of Houston, one of the world’s busiest ports, and one of its most critical infrastructure projects. 
According to the Department of Commerce 
in 2012, Texas exports totaled $265 billion. 
The Port of Houston is a 25-mile-long com-
plex of diversified public and private facilities located just a few hours’ sailing time from the Gulf of Mexico. 
In 2012, ship channel-related businesses 
contribute 1,026,820 jobs and generate more than $178.5 billion in statewide economic im-pact. For the past 11 consecutive years, Texas 
has outpaced the rest of the nation’s ports in exports and ranked: 1. 1st in foreign tonnage; 2. 2nd in total tonnage; and 3. 7th in container ports by total TEUs in 2012. 
The Port of Houston is the largest Texas 
port with 46% of market share by tonnage and the largest Texas container port with 96% market share in containers by total TEUs in 2012. 
It is the largest Gulf Coast container port, 
handling 67% of Gulf Coast container traffic in 2012 and ranked 2nd in terms of cargo value (based on CBP Customs port definitions). 
The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO), reports that the Port of Houston, its waterways, and vessels are part of an eco-nomic engine handling more than $700 billion in merchandise annually. 
The Port of Houston houses approximately 
100 steamship lines offering services that link Houston with 1,053 ports in 203 countries. 
The Port of Houston hosts a $15 billion pe-
trochemical complex, the largest in the nation and second largest worldwide. 
The Port of Houston petrochemical complex 
supplies over 40 percent of the nation’s base petrochemical manufacturing capacity. 
What happens at the Port of Houston af-
fects the entire nation. 
When Congress enacted the SAFE Ports 
Act in 2006, we directed the Secretary of Homeland Security to implement a biometric credential program to ensure that individuals with unescorted access to sensitive areas in ports and vessels were vetted and known. 
However, under the Homeland Security 
Committee’s oversight responsibilities we learned that, as implemented by TSA and the Coast Guard, there are weaknesses in the program. 
For this reason, I introduced H.R. 710, with 
the support of Mr. T
HOMPSON , the Homeland 
Security Committee Ranking Member, and Mrs. M
ILLER , Chair of the Border and Maritime 
Security Subcommittee as original cosponsors, to ensure that Congress receives an inde-pendent scientific assessment of the program and to require the Secretary to issue a correc-tive action plan in response to the assess-ment. 
The required assessment should give Con-
gress the information it needs to determine how best to proceed with the program. 
I want to point out that in the last Congress 
when this bill was marked up in Committee, language was integrated to ensure that clari-fied that pending rulemaking would not be im-pacted by the bill and refined the scope of the assessment we are seeking. 
H.R. 710 retains this language. The Department has said that the final rule 
for biometric readers will be published in Janu-ary 2015. 
There is great interest in the Department’s 
final rule for biometric readers, particularly as it relates to the number of ports and vessels that will be required to install readers for bio-metric cards. 
If the final rule requires only a limited num-
ber of vessels and ports to have biometric readers, as has been previously proposed by the Department, we will certainly need to have a discussion about what this means for the approximately 2 million truckers, longshore-men and port workers who today are required to carry biometric cards to do their jobs. 
I want to express my appreciation to Chair-
man M
ILLER for the bipartisan nature of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.022 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H903 February 10, 2015 
work on this and all the bills that originate in 
her Subcommittee and thank her and the Committee staff for their cooperation and as-sistance in shepherding this vital legislation to the floor. 
I ask my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle to strongly support this bipartisan bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, first of all, I want to thank the gen-tlewoman from Texas for her leader-ship in this very important issue. 
Once again, I want to urge all of my 
colleagues to support this strong, bi-partisan piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 710. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE FIGHTING HUNGER 
INCENTIVE ACT 
(Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to speak on behalf of H.R. 644, which promotes charitable giving. Think about this: one in eight Iowans struggle to find food, and one in five Iowa children don’t have enough to eat. Iowa and our country face a very real challenge here that we cannot ignore. 
Mr. Speaker, this week, we will be 
considering H.R. 644, the Fighting Hun-ger Incentive Act. H.R. 644 is good for families who give, and it is good for the families they serve. It is a common-sense solution that all my colleagues should support. 
This bill would permanently update 
the Tax Code to provide for enhanced deductions for food inventory dona-tions. We have great food banks across the Hawkeye State, but they are al-ways in need of food inventory. 
Let’s pass H.R. 644. It makes giving 
less expensive, and it makes more busi-nesses and families eligible for the credit so that we can empower those who can make a difference. 
f 
DIPLOMATIC PROTOCOLS 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the 
planned upcoming speech before Con-gress by Israeli Prime Minister Ben-jamin Netanyahu has been mishandled from the start. It is being brought for-ward in a manner that is in total con-travention of important diplomatic protocols that exist to support Amer-ica’s strategic interests and, frankly, Israel’s. Mr. Speaker, this speech was agreed 
to unilaterally by the Republican Speaker of this House. He provided no courtesy nor prior notification to the executive branch, as is the standard course of protocol with foreign leaders. 
This is a fundamental violation of 
our national unity on foreign policy. Our Constitution assigns the office of the President the right and responsi-bility to negotiate with foreign govern-ments. 
To circumvent this imperative and to 
invite a sitting head of state with no notification to the executive branch does harm to our national interests and our standing throughout the world. 
At this time, while our executive 
branch is pursuing sensitive and prom-ising nuclear negotiations with Iran, why would our Speaker behave so cava-lierly? Shouldn’t our Nation’s execu-tive and legislative branches be unified in matters of foreign policy with such grave ramifications beyond our shores? 
As this pending visit comes 2 weeks 
before the Israeli elections, it appears that our Congress will be used as a campaign backstop and backdrop for Israeli election politics. How unfortu-nate and how wantonly crass and in-sulting to this Congress and the Con-stitution we are all sworn to uphold. 
f 
‘‘ALLEGIANCE’’ 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Aloha, Mr. Speaker. As a 
fourth-generation Japanese American, it is with special pride today that I an-nounce a historic moment, the first time a play about the World War II in-ternment of Japanese Americans has made it to Broadway. 
Music and lyrics are by Jay Kuo, 
with a book by Marc Acito. The musi-cal is called ‘‘Allegiance,’’ and actor George Takei and all of the artists, producers, and supporters of ‘‘Alle-giance’’ deserve congratulations. They are getting this still little-known story about the internment of Japanese Americans told in a high profile and exciting way. 
‘‘Allegiance’’ is inspired by Mr. 
Takei’s experiences when he and his family were interned during World War II. The play is a tribute to his parents, as well as the more than 110,000 other people of Japanese ancestry who were subjected to forced relocation and in-carceration. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to see 
and support ‘‘Allegiance.’’ This produc-tion will raise awareness of injustices of that time, and it is a reminder of how much work remains to ensure equal rights and treatment for all. 
f 
UKRAINE 
(Mr. ENGEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge the President to send de-fensive weapons to the beleaguered people of Ukraine. I just came back from a meeting in Europe with the President of Ukraine, Mr. Poroshenko, who pleaded with us that he needs help. The world cannot stand idly by and allow Putin Russian aggression to con-tinue without giving the Ukrainians a chance to defend themselves. 
I know that there are meetings and 
negotiations going on this week in Minsk, and I know that the leaders of France and Germany want to see if they can again put together some kind of an agreement before any weapons are given, but there was a Minsk agree-ment several months ago only to be broken by Mr. Putin, and the Ukrain-ians need help now. 
As Mr. Poroshenko said when he ad-
dressed the joint session of Congress: 
Thank you for the blankets, but 
blankets don’t allow us to defend our-selves. 
The Ukrainians are asking for anti-
tank weapons, armored Humvees, longer-range counterartillery radars, drones, and additional advanced radios. We just would give them the ability to defend themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, it doesn’t involve U.S. 
military. It doesn’t involve U.S. troops. How much longer can we watch the be-leaguered people of Ukraine in siege? The United States should take moves and should take moves now. Send Ukraine these defensive weapons. 
f 
b1930 
VACCINES SAVE LIVES 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
just yesterday I joined my public school system, my director of the city health department, and a number of health professionals to again remind parents and others around the Nation, and really to remind now, as I speak, my colleagues, vaccines save; and to be able to emphasize in the backdrop of this outbreak of measles, starting first with 7 States and 114 cases coming out of the case in Disney, and then now 17 States with 121 cases, to recognize the importance of research and responding to infectious disease. 
We understand measles. We under-
stand the science of it. We know that we can protect people against it. We know when they should get a booster and what age a child should begin their first shots, certainly after 1 year old. We understand that an 8-month-old is in jeopardy if he or she is exposed, as is someone with low immunity. We also know that the measles vaccine has worked, and it has been effective. 
I want to thank the Centers for Dis-
ease Control. In a conference call, they indicated that they are going to make new efforts to work with various health facilities and health entities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.023 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H904 February 10, 2015 
across the Nation to establish proto-
cols to talk to parents about vaccines. We can save lives, and we must do so together. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
COMMITTEE TO ATTEND THE FU-NERAL OF THE LATE HONOR-ABLE ALAN NUNNELEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
OUZER ). Pursuant to the order of the 
House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker on February 9, 2015, appointed the fol-lowing Members of the House to the committee to attend the funeral of the late Honorable A
LANNUNNELEE : 
The gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. 
THOMPSON  
The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. B OEH-
NER 
The members of the Mississippi dele-
gation: 
Mr. H ARPER  
Mr. P ALAZZO  
Other Members in attendance: Mr. M
CCARTHY , California 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS  
Mr. A DERHOLT  
Mr. N EUGEBAUER  
Mr. C ONAWAY  
Mr. M CHENRY  
Mr. F LEMING  
Mr. T HOMPSON , Pennsylvania 
Mr. W ALBERG  
Mr. B ENISHEK  
Mrs. B LACK  
Mr. D ENHAM  
Mr. F LORES  
Mr. H ULTGREN  
Mr. M CKINLEY  
Mr. W OMACK  
Mr. H UDSON  
Mr. M ESSER  
Mrs. R ADEWAGEN  
f 
FUNDING ALZHEIMER’S RESEARCH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, 
‘‘Alzheimer’s,’’ a word that brings fear and trauma to families all across America and, indeed, around the world. Tonight we are going to spend our time talking about this dreaded disease for which there is no known cure and which always ends in death. 
I would like now to turn to my col-
league, this being a bipartisan Special Order hour, unusual to be sure, but ab-solutely appropriate given the fact that this illness affects virtually every American family. I yield to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for organizing this 
Special Order for 1 hour to talk about the blight that we face here in Amer-ica, and I am sure in many other coun-tries around the world, known as Alz-heimer’s. I note the flyer that the gen-tleman sent around, a beautiful picture of him and his wife, Patti Garamendi, 
and some other family members, one of whom I am sure has had this difficulty themselves. So again, from the bottom of my heart and my constituents, I thank you for taking the time to orga-nize this Special Order. 
Alzheimer’s robs an individual of a 
most valued possession—their memory. But we will not forget the them. I have met with many families across the Sixth District of Virginia who have been impacted by Alzheimer’s, and it has been my honor to represent them by being a member of the bipartisan Congressional Alzheimer’s Task Force. 
Tonight I would like to take a mo-
ment to thank the men and women who care for those suffering from Alz-heimer’s—the spouses, children, grand-children, friends, doctors, and nurses who assure them who they are, where they are, and affirm for them their dig-nity as an individual. Though their memories and clarity may fade, who they are is not truly gone. And we will not forget those suffering from Alz-heimer’s. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues to promote bipartisan poli-cies that will benefit the fight against this dreaded disease of Alzheimer’s. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding 
me this time to participate. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gen-
tleman from Virginia for joining us and for his commitment to this very seri-ous issue. There are approximately 5.1 million Americans who have Alz-heimer’s today, and it is expected to substantially grow. As the baby boomers come into their latter years, we would expect to see as many as 13 million Americans with this disease in the years ahead. It will be an incredible challenge for this Nation. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ) for him to join 
us and share his thoughts on this issue. 
Mr. HIGGINS. I thank the gentleman 
from California for bringing this issue to the House floor, underscoring the urgency of investing, through the Na-tional Institutes of Health, proper funding to find a cause and, thus, a cure for Alzheimer’s. As the gentleman said, 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s. It is the sixth lead-ing cause of death in the United States. Death from Alzheimer’s increased 68 percent between the years 2000 and 2010, while deaths from other major diseases decreased. 
The cost to the United States is over 
$200 billion a year. Without a break-through, treatment will cost $1 trillion a year by the year 2050. We are still seeking an adequate level of funding. For every $100 that the National Insti-tutes of Health spends on Alzheimer’s research, Medicare and Medicaid spend $26,000 caring for those who have the disease. 
In Congress we have two pieces of 
legislation: the Alzheimer’s Account-ability Act, which would ensure that Federal priorities and goals for Alz-heimer’s research actually reflect what scientists believe is needed; and the 
HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, which would provide Medicare coverage for the clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease and for care planning of newly diagnosed Americans. 
But all of this, as the gentleman 
from California pointed out, becomes localized and becomes very personal. The origins of Alzheimer’s are un-known, but the end is absolutely cer-tain. It ends in losing your cognitive ability, your dignity, and, ultimately, your life. 
In western New York, we have ap-
proximately 130,000 people who are im-pacted by Alzheimer’s: 32,000 people who are afflicted, and 96,000 who love and provide care for the afflicted. That number is expected to triple by 2015. 
The Alzheimer’s Association of West-
ern New York works year-round to highlight the effect of Alzheimer’s dis-ease and to help people and caregivers touched by this disease. 
One of the people who was touched by 
this disease is Nancy Swiston, a con-stituent who lost her mom, Grace Swiston, who bravely fought the dis-ease for 10 long years. Today, Nancy volunteers with the Alzheimer’s Asso-ciation of Western New York to be a voice for those suffering from the dis-ease and the families who care for those with Alzheimer’s. Nancy’s story is one of too many families across the Nation we share, but we commit to fighting with her to raise awareness in funding for a cure that we will all em-brace one day. 
I thank the gentleman from Cali-
fornia again for committing us to this important issue. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. H
IGGINS , 
thank you for sharing your thoughts on this dreaded disease for which there is no known cure and there is no way to diagnose it until it is present. You cannot get ahead of this illness, but there are ways we can make progress. You pointed out what has happened over the last decade with extraordinary research efforts, and this chart really lays it out there as to where we are. 
For breast cancer, we have seen a de-
cline of 2 percent in breast cancer deaths; prostate cancer, an 8 percent decline; heart disease, a 16 percent de-cline; stroke, 23 percent decline; and then one of the great victories, HIV/ AIDS, a 42 percent decline in the num-ber of deaths. This is the result of re-search, an extraordinary amount of re-search going on, not only in the United States but around the world, resulting in significant drops in the death rates for those diseases. 
On the other hand, Alzheimer’s, 
where we have just over $500 million of research, we have seen a 68 percent in-crease in the death rates. This is the story of Alzheimer’s. This is the chal-lenge that we face. This is the chal-lenge that every American family faces and our communities. We will talk more about this a little later. 
The cochair of the Alzheimer’s Task 
Force here in the Congress of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.035 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H905 February 10, 2015 
United States is the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. M AXINE WATERS ), who 
has joined us this evening to talk about the work that the task force is doing and her own commitment to this profoundly important issue. M
AXINE  
and I have had the pleasure of working together for 40 years, so it is all good. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Thank you so very much. 
J
OHN GARAMENDI , I would like to 
thank you not only for allotting me this time this evening, but I would like to thank you for your commitment to educating on this issue and to helping our colleagues to understand that we must focus on this issue and that we must do more to support research. You are indeed a leader. This certainly is not the first time that you have orga-nized one of these evening meetings on this, and I thank you for the work that you are doing. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, as cochair of the Congres-sional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Dis-ease, I know how devastating this dis-ease can be for patients, families, and caregivers. The task force works on a bipartisan basis to increase awareness of Alzheimer’s, strengthen the Federal response to the disease, and provide as-sistance to Alzheimer’s patients and their caregivers. I am proud to lead the task force, along with my returning co-chair, Congressman C
HRIS SMITH, and 
incoming cochairs M ICHAEL BURGESS  
and C HAKA FATTAH . 
Alzheimer’s is a tragic disease affect-
ing millions of Americans, and it has reached crisis proportions. There is no effective treatment, no means of pre-vention, nor even a method for slowing the progression of the disease. Accord-ing to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s disease as of 2013. This number is expected to al-most triple to 14 million by the year 2050. 
The cost associated with Alzheimer’s 
disease and other forms of dementia are also growing at an unsustainable rate. A recent RAND study of adults ages 70 years and older found that the total economic cost of dementia in 2010 was estimated to be $109 billion for di-rect care alone. That is higher than the cost of both heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, when the cost of infor-mal care is included, the total cost rises to between $159 billion and $215 billion. 
We must act now to change the tra-
jectory of this disease. The bipartisan- supported National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease calls for a cure or an effective treatment for Alzheimer’s by the year 2025. Reaching this goal will require a significant increase in Federal funding for Alzheimer’s re-search. 
Last December, I joined together 
with task force cochair Congressman C
HRIS SMITH to call for a $200 million 
increase in funding for Alzheimer’s re-search in the President’s budget for fis-cal year 2016. However, while the Presi-
dent’s budget did recognize the impor-tance of Alzheimer’s research, it only increased funding by $51 million. This year, I plan to work with my col-leagues on the task force to make cer-tain Congress appropriates robust fund-ing for Alzheimer’s research to meet the urgent need. 
I also plan to reintroduce three bills 
to expand the available resources for Alzheimer’s research and assist pa-tients, families, and caregivers. 
b1945 
First, I will reintroduce the Alz-
heimer’s Caregiver Support Act. This bill will authorize grants to public and nonprofit organizations to expand training and support services for fami-lies and caregivers of Alzheimer’s pa-tients. With the majority of Alz-heimer’s patients living at home under the care of family and friends, it is im-portant that we ensure these care-givers have access to the training and resources needed to provide proper care. 
Second, I will reintroduce legislation 
to reauthorize and improve the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Pro-gram, a small but effective Department of Justice program that helps local communities and law enforcement agencies quickly identify persons with Alzheimer’s disease who wander away from their homes and safely reunite them with their families. This program is very valuable. It is a valuable re-source for first responders. More im-portantly, it protects vulnerable Alz-heimer’s patients and brings peace of mind to their families. 
Several years ago, I offered an 
amendment to continue funding for this program, which cost only $1 mil-lion for the year. The following year, I called for, and received, a doubling of the funding for this important pro-gram. 
Since then, I have made sure this 
program gets funding every year. I am not happy with the amount of the fund-ing. We need to do more, and we have to fight more beyond 2015 into the 2016 budget to make sure that we get more money because it is desperately need-ed. 
Finally, I will reintroduce the legis-
lation to require the U.S. Postal Serv-ice to issue and sell a semi-postal stamp, with the proceeds helping to fund Alzheimer’s research at the Na-tional Institutes of Health. This would encourage concerned individuals to get involved and contribute to Alzheimer’s research efforts, just as many have done in the case of the popular and suc-cessful Breast Cancer Research semi- postal stamp. 
Our Nation is at a critical crossroads. 
The situation requires decisive action to search for a cure and protect the millions of Americans currently living with Alzheimer’s disease. Together, we must take every possible action to im-prove treatments for Alzheimer’s pa-tients, support caregivers, and invest in research to find a cure for this 
dreadful disease. 
Once again, I want to thank J
OHN 
GARAMENDI , my colleague from Cali-
fornia, whom I have worked with for many, many years, for again orga-nizing yet another night Special Order. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Congresswoman 
W
ATERS , thank you so very, very much 
for your leadership as cochair of the Alzheimer’s task force here in Con-gress. Obviously, it is leading to some good pieces of legislation. Last year, when you introduced that legislation, I had the privilege and pleasure of being a coauthor. I will join you again as you introduce those pieces of legislation. I bet we can get all 194 members of the task force on board. That will give us— let’s see, we need 18 plus 6—24 more Members and we can get it past the House of Representatives. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Let’s do it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Let’s do it. Yes, 
we can. Si, se puede. 
Thank you very much. I really appre-
ciate your leadership on this. I know this is a personal issue for you with family having been impacted by it. 
I want to just take a few moments— 
and I know you are going to have to take off and head to another meeting— but Alzheimer’s is very, very much a personal thing. 
This is my wife, Patti, with her 
mother as her mother was entering the last year of her 15-year struggle with Alzheimer’s. We had the good fortune of Patti’s mom, Merle, living with us in our home, and we were able to take care of her. We had a daycare come in to handle the issues during the day. But then in the evening, Patti and I took care of her. It turned out to be a good experience for us where the fam-ily really pulled together, the grand-children and the great-grandchildren all coming together. 
I think our situation was, perhaps, 
unusual in that my mother-in-law was always kind, always gentle, even though in the last couple of years she could not speak and was unable to real-ly move very much. But, nonetheless, it was a period of time where the grandchildren came to know her in a very different way. 
I remember one incident that took 
place about a year, maybe 14 months before she died. Her speech was garbled and not really clear. We couldn’t un-derstand. But our little 3-year-old granddaughter climbed up on great- grandma’s bed and was listening to the great-grandmother talk. The rest of us adults were gathered around and we were talking about whatever it was, 
and our little 3-year old began to trans-late what great-grandma was saying. We were suddenly caught up in the awareness that, while the mind was not functioning fully, it was, nonetheless, functioning in a way in which this woman, who was then 90 years old, was able to understand what we were say-ing, but because of this disease was un-able to articulate, at least to us, her involvement in the conversation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.036 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H906 February 10, 2015 
It was one of those moments when we 
realized that this illness destroys the mind a piece at a time. It doesn’t just wipe out, as a stroke might, but it takes away the cognitive ability of the mind in a slow progression through time. This progression was about 15 years, but other progressions might be very, very rapid. 
I know earlier today our colleague 
from Missouri, V
ICKY HARTZLER , had 
intended to join us, but was called away late this evening. Her mother died just 3 weeks ago of this illness. She explained some of the way in which it happened. When we come back in about a month to do another Special Order hour, I will ask her to join us and, hopefully, she will be able to share her experiences. 
But I suspect among the 435 of us 
here there are, perhaps, more than 50 percent of us whose families have been personally impacted, and then the neighbors, as Mr. G
OODLATTE was shar-
ing with us. 
If you would like to join in, let’s have 
a colloquy. We will share thoughts about what we can do about the re-search effort. I will put up some charts and we can chat on for a few minutes. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Well, thank you so very, very much, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , again, for your leader-
ship and for affording our Members the opportunity to have shared their expe-riences because all of what we learn as we serve as caregivers who happen to be relatives and friends, that informa-tion is going to be very valuable to our researchers. Because of you, we are going to be able to get those stories out. Thank you so very much. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Let me just pick 
up this chart. You mentioned research in your opening remarks, and then again. Your leadership on this has been absolutely extraordinary—the bills that you have introduced and the en-couragement you have given to others to introduce legislation and push it for-ward. 
I think this is where we are going to 
spend our time—fighting for research. I am going to go through this. 
Ms. W
ATERS , I know you must leave. 
Thank you so very much for joining us. 
This poster shows how we are spend-
ing our National Institutes of Health research dollars. We can be thankful for each piece of this research that is going on. 
First, on the cancer research ongoing 
with considerable success—and I will come back and show an earlier poster that I had—we are spending $5.418 bil-lion. This is in fiscal year 2014—$5.418 billion. 
What does that result in? Well, over 
the years, between 2000 and 2010, we have seen breast cancer deaths decline by 2 percent, prostate cancer decline by 8 percent. That is what research will do. It is successful. 
With HIV/AIDS, just under $3 billion 
spent annually in 2014, and again we are seeing HIV/AIDS an incredible suc-cess story. Still with us, but nonethe-less, we have seen death from HIV/ 
AIDS decline by 42 percent as we have invested $3 billion over the years; in 2014, $3 billion, and a little less in the 
previous years. 
Similarly, cardiovascular illnesses— 
heart disease, stroke, and heart at-tacks—we are spending around $2 bil-lion of your taxpayer money on this particular disease. What is the result? The result is that deaths from heart disease from 2000–2010, deaths from heart disease are down by 16 percent and stroke down by 23 percent. 
What does this mean? This means 
that research really works. 
Where are we with Alzheimer’s re-
search? Alzheimer’s research in 2014 was $566 million, just over half a billion dollars for Alzheimer’s research. And where are we with Alzheimer’s? Well, that same period of time, we have seen Alzheimer’s deaths increase by 68 per-cent, in part because there is no cure except death, and that is what has hap-pened. As the baby boomers age, as that cohort of the population moves through into advanced age, Alzheimer’s is taking a grip on those people. 
So this is the story. Our goal this 
year, along with the research that Ms. W
ATERS has already discussed, and 
some other bills that will be discussed in the days ahead, our goal this year is to ramp up this research. A project, as a result of the legislation that was passed in the year 2011, gave us infor-mation from the National Institutes of Health and other scientists that the appropriate level of funding to under-stand Alzheimer’s, to find a cure or at least a way of prolonging health and delaying the onset of the illness, should be about $2 billion a year, some-thing similar to what we are spending on cardiovascular research. 
Fortunately, in last year’s budget— 
that is the 2015 budget, that is the cur-rent budget—we increased the funding by about $25 million. Good. We are not getting very close to $2 billion, which is the goal to really get and understand this disease. But, nonetheless, we put $25 million more into it last year. 
I hope that all of us who are con-
cerned about this make a full-court press this year to try to get that num-ber up to a much more substantial number so that we can really get at this research. The President, recog-nizing this problem—as was discussed earlier by one of our colleagues here— the President has proposed an addi-tional $50 million. Good. But, once again, not what the scientists tell us we need to really adequately fund this illness. So we are going to work on this. 
I notice that my colleague from Cali-
fornia—would you like to join us? This is a bipartisan Special Order hour. Un-usual, to be sure. Usually, we talk both sides—one side talks about the other side, the other side talks about them. This time we are talking about a com-mon problem that affects all of us— Democrat, Republican, Independent, left, right, center, up, and down—all Americans. My colleague from California, wel-
come. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Let me just 
note that I have been here 26 years, and I have always tried to vote for in-creases in the specific level of funding for the National Institutes of Health, which, of course, oversees much of this health research that we are talking about today. I know we have people coming in all the time talking to us. They want us to sign onto a bill to in-crease this particular disease or that particular disease. 
But I think the approach that we 
have to have is basically let’s provide as much money as we can to this type of research and programs by people who are the experts, and let them de-termine where is the best use of our limited research money. So I have been very much supportive of your efforts and the other efforts of many bipar-tisan people in this Congress. 
I would like to add that we can’t just 
rely on the government. The next speech I will be giving in a few mo-ments deals with the patent issue. We need to make sure that people in the private sector will be encouraged to in-vest in new types of technology and new types of approaches to curing these problems, like medical equip-ment and things that will really help save people. 
I know Al Mann, for example, has a 
new inhalant so that 60 percent of the people who now use needles for diabe-tes won’t have to use them. They can just do a little inhale before every meal. 
b2000 
It took him 10 years to get that 
through the FDA—10 years. We need to make sure the FDA is doing its job, and we need to make sure those people who are out in the private sector who are investing in new medical tech-nologies have a way to recoup their money. At the same time, like you are focusing on tonight, we have to make sure the government is doing its part both in patents and in the FDA and, es-pecially, for the National Institutes of Health. So thank you very much for what you are doing. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you, Mr. 
R
OHRABACHER . 
I know in your district—in the Or-
ange County area—there is major med-ical research going on at the Univer-sity of California at Irvine and, cer-tainly, at UCLA, at the mind institutes there. Out of that research do come new technologies, new drugs, new kinds of equipment, some of which are pat-entable; and the licensing of the new drugs through the FDA is always a challenge, so we do have multiple tasks here. We have to deal with the patent laws and the availability of patent re-search dollars and then have to make sure that the drug actually is made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.038 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H907 February 10, 2015 
available to address the illness. I thank 
you so very much for joining us. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to go back to a 
couple of things that we were talking about earlier on the research side. Our goal is to ramp up this research to try to get to the level that is suggested. Now, we always look at cost benefit. Is this research going to pay off? I think it will. 
As I was preparing for this evening, I 
came across an email, actually, from the University of California at Davis, which I represent—near Sacramento— at their California National Primate Research Center. They have been using stem cell research to address the issue of Alzheimer’s. What they have found is that they are able to use this Nouvelle stem cell therapy in pri-mates, which is similar to the human brain, and to actually have some suc-cess. They have now taken it the next step further. Here is where we are into the FDA and the approval of drugs, Mr. R
OHRABACHER . They have taken it the 
next step further, and they are doing clinical human trials with this drug, and it seems to restore the human brain. 
Now, that is a long way before we get 
to the end of this story, but this is what happens when we have research developing a new therapy—in this case, a stem cell therapy with primates—and now transferring it over to the human in a clinical trial. How exciting it is— the possibilities—not just in slowing down the progress of the disease, which has been the short-term goal, but maybe in being able to restore the human brain. Wow. Wow. I think of my mother-in-law. I think of those whom I know who have come down with this illness, and I am going, wow, what if? What if it had been available? Well, it could be. 
I know, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , you are 
very interested in international work. You have traveled extensively. You are involved with other countries and their research. This is not just a United States issue; this is an international issue. 
Earlier last year, in June, the new 
cochair of the Alzheimer’s Task Force here in Washington, in the House of Representatives, conducted a bipar-tisan international conference in New York at the United Nations, pulling to-gether researchers from around the world. We have another piece of this puzzle available to us in the United States—international research, NIH re-search, research at the universities, at the various mind institutes around the Nation—all of that. 
As a result of the wars in Afghani-
stan and Iraq, with improvised explo-sive devices and the extraordinary im-pact that those have had on our mili-tary—the soldiers, the marines, and others who have suffered from those explosions—we are now, in the military budget, appropriating a significant amount of money for research into traumatic brain injury as well as into posttraumatic stress syndrome, trying to understand the human mind. What 
happens when you get that blow against the head? What causes the brain to react and to deteriorate? That research also informs us about Alz-heimer’s. 
One of the goals that I will be pur-
suing this year is to try to bring to-gether all of these research programs that are underway. Even the National Football League is engaging in re-search having to do with traumatic brain injury to the football players in the professional football leagues. They are trying to understand what it is all about. So, if we could pull together all of that research and pool the informa-tion and make it available—perhaps what is going on at UC Davis and at other research institutions—I think we can jump-start the solution. 
Fortunately, I won’t be doing this 
alone. Our former colleague here, Pat-rick Kennedy, heads up an organization called the One Mind organization, and that is their goal: to pull together the research—to get all of the inter-national, the military, the National In-stitutes of Health, the National Foot-ball League—and to have all of us working towards a common goal of un-derstanding the human mind, what the injuries are, and how we can deal with Alzheimer’s as a result of all of that. 
I am going to put up a couple more 
pieces of this puzzle and the trauma that it brings. We discussed this briefly early on, and I just want to come back to this. 
The already high cost of Alzheimer’s 
will skyrocket as the baby boomers age. This is driven by three things: one, the cost of treating Alzheimer’s, which is very expensive and is ongoing; sec-ondly, there is no known cure; and, thirdly, the demographic growth of the population. Today, you are looking at somewhere around $225 billion spent by the government and private and indi-viduals and families on Alzheimer’s, and it is expected to grow to close to $1 trillion by 2050. This is an extraor-dinary growth rate. A lot of this money is going to be taxpayer money spent on Medicare and Medicaid. 
This one shows the cost increases to 
Medicare and Medicaid. In 2010, Medi-care and Medicaid were spending about $122 billion. In 2020, it is expected to go up to nearly $200 billion and then just continue to escalate. This, many think, is the way in which Medicare and Med-icaid will be bankrupted—just with Alzheimer’s alone. Now, this is the gov-ernment spending. The private spend-ing—private insurance and families— will probably be spending somewhere around a third of this amount in the years ahead. So, if we are able—and we believe we can. Just take one look at what is going on at UC Davis, and that is just one of dozens and dozens of ex-amples. 
What is happening is that the re-
search is coming on. The first goal is to delay the onset. It is anticipated that, if we were able to quickly ramp up to $2 billion a year of research, we would, within the next 4 to 5 years, be able to 
find a way, perhaps with a drug ther-apy, to delay the onset of Alzheimer’s by 5 years. What does that mean? That means that the $2 billion that is spent on research leading to the delay—not the cure but just the delay of the onset—would, in the next 3 years, after that delay goes into place, save the taxpayers the $2 billion that was spent on research, and then those savings 
would continue on into the future. If you are a financial analyst on Wall Street and if you are able to get a pay-back within 3 years, you are thinking that that is a pretty good investment. So we ought to look at this in terms of cost benefit, in terms of investment— the financial side of it. That is appro-priate. 
Yet, on the human side, think what 
could be done. Think what could be done to those families, to my wife’s mother—my mother-in-law—if her ill-ness were delayed 5 years. She would have had 5 more years of healthy life. She didn’t die of heart disease or can-cer. She died of Alzheimer’s. She could have had an additional 5 years if we had been able, at that moment, to have delayed the onset of the disease. As we understand how to delay the onset, we will also learn how to cure the disease. This is where we are headed. This is our goal. This is what we want to try to accomplish. 
I am going to put this one up because 
it is so dramatic. Here is the cost of treatment today for the Federal Gov-ernment. This is 2014: $150 billion from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. CMS: $150 billion. These are actually 2012 expenditures. Then this is where we are spending the money: $560 million on research. It is lopsided. 
My final point before I turn back my 
time today is to take these two charts, actually. This one: Research works. Research saves lives. Research im-proves the quality of life for Ameri-cans. 
Cancer research: we have decreased 
the cancer rate for breast cancer. Can-cer research: we have decreased by 8 percent prostate cancer. HIV/AIDS re-search: a 42 percent decrease in the death rate. Heart disease and stroke: 23 and 16 percent. Alzheimer’s: we are not there yet. We are researching, but we are not there yet, so we wind up with a death rate that is rapidly increasing. 
Ultimately, it is about this: it is 
about my family, and it is about your family. It is about the American fami-lies. It is about the American families who are enduring their loved ones— their parents, their grandparents— slowly, slowly dying of Alzheimer’s, losing their mental capabilities. It af-fected our family, and I suspect it has affected your family. It doesn’t have to be. We can deal with this. Yes, we can—si, se puede. We can do this, and your Congress—Democrat and Repub-lican—is working on this issue. We are going to beat Alzheimer’s. It is our task. It is our challenge. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.040 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H908 February 10, 2015 
TECHNOLOGICAL GENIUS, FREE-
DOM—AND THE AMERICAN PAT-ENT SYSTEM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to commend my colleague, who has just presented a heartfelt case for scientific and health-related re-search by the National Institutes of Health. I concur with him that this is a very important part of what we do here. We have budgets that we have to meet, but this should be a significant part of our budget. 
I would like to also note, as I did 
when he yielded to me, that, yes, the government needs to play a significant part—the National Institutes of Health—in trying to find cures and in trying to find ways of improving the health of the American people. It is not just up to the National Institutes of Health, and it is not just up to the gov-ernment employees. My approach, which I will be talking about tonight, is something vital—that the private sector needs to be involved not only in this type of health innovation, but in all sorts of innovation and techno-logical jumps forward that some people think only government can do; but, in fact, it is the private sector and, espe-cially, the small, independent inven-tors who have played such a significant role in furthering human progress, in uplifting humankind. 
b2015 
So while I agree with the government 
role especially in these health-related issues, I think that we should dedicate ourselves to making sure that private money is going into this. 
In my area, yes, the University of 
California at Irvine is doing exemplary work. Yes, but so are many private companies that have invested money in health care technology development. Some of them, I might add, have been taxed to death by a 2.5 percent tax on their gross simply for being the inven-tors of health-related technologies. 
This type of medical device tax, 
which makes the manufacturers of de-vices the most heavily taxed people in this country, is a deterrent to having people in the private sector investing in exactly what my colleague was try-ing to suggest—into new approaches to these various diseases. That is also true not only of medical technology but of technologies across the board that really impact on the well-being and on the standard of living of ordi-nary people throughout our country. 
I rise today to draw attention, my 
colleagues, to a legislative threat to the safety and well-being of the Amer-ican people. We dodged a bullet in the last session of Congress on this very same issue. 
Alerted by our aggressive yet unsuc-
cessful attempt to stop that effort— that rancorous legislation in the 
House, which passed by a large major-ity last time around—we raised such a ruckus that the Senate was inundated with a wide spectrum of opposition to this supposed reform that had passed the House. There was so much opposi-tion, in fact, that the Senate simply re-fused to bring up the bill for consider-ation. 
What is the issue that is being 
rammed through the House right now and, once we exposed it the last time around, caused the Senate to turn back and to not let it go through? Well, there has been an ongoing fight here in Washington—one most of the public is totally unaware of, and worse than that, most of my colleagues are totally unaware of—that for the last 20 years there has been a classic case of crony capitalism that plagues our country at play here on a specific issue. 
The big guys—the big crony capital-
ists—are trying to diminish the rights of the little guy in order to make more money. Surprise, surprise. And in this case, it will basically undermine Amer-ica’s prosperity and security in the long run while hurting the little guys while the big guys get their way. 
I am certainly not opposed to the 
profit motive, but first and foremost we need to ensure that powerful forces don’t change the economic rules in order to enrich themselves unjustly. 
Unseen by most Americans has been 
the attempt by mega-multinational corporations to undermine and yes, de-stroy a constitutional right of our citi-zens, this in order to fill their pockets at the expense of American citizens who don’t have the means to defeat such a power play. 
I am referring to an attack on the 
fundamental constitutional right of Americans to own what they have cre-ated. This right, written into our law at the Constitutional Convention itself, which wrote our Constitution, is now under attack. It is a clandestine legal maneuver that would neuter our inventors’ protections and permit pow-erful multinational corporations to steal what now rightfully belongs to American inventors, and thus, ordinary Americans will be hurt, and of course, the big corporations will benefit. 
It is not just dispossessing individual 
inventors; this is a power grab that will undermine the prosperity we all have enjoyed as Americans. The less than forthright attack on our patent system will undermine the economic well-being of our working people who depend on the United States for being technologically superior to the work-ing people of other societies. People in all these societies work very hard. It is not hard work—it is hard work coupled with technology—and we have ensured through the patent system that we would be developing the technology that would give Americans the edge. 
Our Founding Fathers believed that 
technology, freedom, and yes, the prof-it motive was the formula that would uplift humankind. As I say, they wrote into our Constitution a guarantee of 
the property rights of inventors and authors. It is the only place in the body of our Constitution that the word ‘‘right’’ is actually used. 
The Bill of Rights was added after 
the body of the Constitution, but in ar-ticle I, section 8, clause 8 of our Con-stitution, it states: 
The Congress shall have power 
t o... promote the progress and science of 
useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. 
This provision has served America 
well. It has led to a general prosperity where we have technological advances that uplift our own people and give our own people the chance to outcompete those people who work their hearts out overseas but don’t have the same tech-nological support system in their eco-nomic endeavors. 
Well, this provision in America has 
led to prosperity. It has helped our na-tional security. The fact is, we could never dream of trying to defeat the en-emies of freedom throughout the world on a man-to-man basis. It is only our ability to be able to bring technology and our genius to play that has given us a leverage over countries that have tens of millions of people and, by the way, don’t really value human life. 
We need to make sure we are techno-
logically superior, and it has been our patent system that has given our in-ventors the chance to invent things that will protect all of us from aggres-sion and prevent anti-democratic forces throughout the world—fanatic forces—from overwhelming us and overwhelming our defenses. 
Of course, this having been the coun-
try of new ideas, the country where we encouraged people to be innovative, we have uplifted the life of average people. Average people here are now able to live decent lives as compared to the av-erage people in so many countries of the world. 
Yes, Americans work hard and, as I 
say, so do other people. It is the tech-nology that makes the difference. Our technology has multiplied the results of the hard work of our people. That is 
the secret of America’s success. Tech-nology and freedom and our strong pat-ent system is right there at the founda-tion of that principle. It is what has made the difference in this vital area to our security and our well-being. 
Yet today, we have these multi-
national corporations—the same ones who run overseas to do business with communist China and with America’s enemies and people who treat their populations with total disregard—yes, these multinational corporations want to diminish the patent protection of the American people because they don’t want to pay Americans for their creative new technologies. They don’t want to give them their share when they create something that will uplift our people. 
Over the years, we fought and turned 
back many efforts to weaken our pat-ent system. I doubt whether half the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.041 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H909 February 10, 2015 
new Members of this Congress are fully 
aware of the aggressive and brutal fights that we have been in over pat-ents and the patent system over these last 20 years. 
A little over 20 years ago, they were 
saying we need to change the patent system in order to harmonize it with the rest of the world. Our patent sys-tem was out of sync with the rest of the world. Well, of course. Our con-stitutional rights are out of sync with the rest of the world. We are out of sync as we protect people’s right to go to church and not be repressed by some other religion. We are out of sync with most of the world when we protect peo-ple’s right to speak and to criticize their government or to assemble or to try to join unions or other activities in the economic area. 
No, we actually are out of sync with 
a lot of areas, but they decided to say we need to harmonize our law on pat-ents with the rest of the world, which has weak patent systems. Their laws have been determined by, basically, what is going to help the big guy and what is going to get new ideas out into the hands of the big industrialists. 
Well, we have beat back major ef-
forts. The first ones, as I say, were on harmonizing the law. They had two big issues. One was to harmonize our law with the rest of the world. 
Our system has been that when some-
one submits their patent, no matter how long it takes for that patent to get issued, it is secret. In fact, it is a fel-ony, I believe, for someone at the Pat-ent and Trademark Office to disclose a patent application. And then, when you get your patent, it is published to the world, but you are granted 17 years of ownership. 
Well, their goal was what? Their goal 
was to do it the European and Japanese way, which is—aha—after 18 months of applying for your patent, it is pub-lished. If you don’t have it, or even if it takes another 5, 10 years to get it, it is published. 
I called it the Steal American Tech-
nologies Act. We managed to turn that one around. 
The other half of that particular on-
slaught was that we have now a guar-anteed protection, as I said, in the Con-stitution, as I just read. For a specific period of time, we were granted a 17- year patent protection. That starts at the time when you are issued your pat-ent. 
Well, overseas that is not what it is 
all about. We are out of sync with them because what happens is, the minute that you file, the clock starts ticking, and 20 years later you have no patent protection at all, but that is from fil-ing. It may take you 10 or 15 years to get your patent. 
So they are dramatically reducing 
the ownership rights of the patent of a person who has applied for a patent, all to the benefit, of course, of these big guys who are saying, We can speed this up maybe with our contacts. And the little guys overseas over and over again get beaten up and their material 
stolen from them by these powerful forces. We don’t want that to happen here. We protect the rights of the little guy here. 
We won those fights that I was just 
talking about by standing tall and tough on the issue. And yes, there were some compromises over the years where we beat those first two issues that I talked about, we won that case, but over the years there have been sev-eral other hard-fought patent battles where we compromised and were able to come up with something that was acceptable to both sides. 
Well, now, after a few years of pre-
paring the political battleground in Washington, and now, after Google has provided more campaign contributions than any other corporation in the world on various issues and we have other big corporations providing big campaign contributions—and I am not saying they are buying votes, but what they are buying is attention; and peo-ple don’t even know about the issue— but now, Google has been able to ex-plain their case. They don’t hear the other side. 
That is why it is up to us to make 
sure every Member of Congress knows what the issue is when it comes to the patent fight, instead of walking down to the floor unaware of how significant this is. 
There is only one group of people 
that is going to be able to make sure their Congressman is focused on just how significant this issue is. The American people have to notify their Congressmen in order to let them know we should not be weakening our patent system. 
There is no excuse to undermine the 
independent inventor when he is trying to protect his rights to a patent. We won’t have independent inventors, and we won’t be on the cutting edge of change, as we have been. 
After a few years of preparing, as I 
say, a new onslaught has been pre-pared. 
Now, as I say, they claimed in the be-
ginning that they wanted to harmonize our system, but, of course, we don’t want to harmonize and make our sys-tem weaker in order to be the same with other countries. 
So that fight went back over 20 
years, but now what they have laid the groundwork for and are bringing up is—in the last 3 years we have seen this fight for the second round. Three-and- a-half years ago, the House passed the America Invents Act, which fundamen-tally diminished our patent system, weakening its protection for ordinary citizens. 
b2030 
It still, even with that weakening, 
was better than what you had in Eu-rope and in Japan. The negative im-pacts of that legislation are just now being felt. They are just now moving through the patent system and being implemented by the Patent Office. We are going to find out what hap-
pens when you undermine the little guys in order to help the big guys be-cause you don’t—after a few more years, where is the innovation coming from? 
From the big, multinational cor-
porate bureaucracies, from the govern-ment bureaucracy? No. When we have undermined the small inventor, the in-dividual inventor, we have taken the profit motive out of this. We have put roadblocks in the way of America mov-ing forward. 
The next wave began in this patent 
battle just a little more than a year ago. Last year, as I said, the onslaught aimed at neutering the rights of the small inventor was barely turned back, and that bill came forward, and we got it through. Actually, it passed the House with a substantial margin. 
When citizens and universities and 
small businesses across America under-stood because of the great debate that we had here what was at stake, they in-undated their Senators with calls and visits, and their message was: Don’t undermine our rights. Don’t undermine the rights of the small inventor. Don’t undermine this constitutional right. It is just as precious as the rights of speech and press and religion. Let’s not undermine that in the name of helping some multinational corporation squash an opposition to a guy who has in-vented something and wants to get his rightful payment for the work that he has done. 
Of course, the power brokers don’t 
claim that they must change the meas-ure of legal protection that we offer in-ventors because they don’t claim that it is because the inventors are bad and need to be deprived of longstanding rights or that the Constitution is just outmoded and we don’t really want to follow it. They don’t argue that. 
No, these powerful interests, mega- 
multinational corporations, well heeled here in Washington, these pow-erful interests have to have a bogey-man to try to draw away attention from what they are really trying to do. 
The issue won’t become diminishing 
the rights of the small inventor, pre-venting the small inventor from en-forcing his patents on people who are trying to steal it, who are big mega- multinational corporations. 
No, they don’t say that. There is al-
ways an excuse, something that has to sound very sinister, a sinister force at play, trying to hurt these innocent businessmen—unfairly at that. 
We heard it before. About 15 years 
ago, we heard it was submarine pat-ents. That was the real derogatory term, submarine patents. That was why we need to change the amount of time that someone is able to actually have, as a guarantee for their patent rights. 
The submarine patent was used to 
say: Oh, so what if after 20 years and you haven’t had your patent for 15 years, so you have only got 5 years of protection, so what? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.042 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H910 February 10, 2015 
It is the submarine patenters we are 
really trying to get at—forget the hardship on those little guys, which is the vast majority of people who want to get their patent as soon as pos-sible—but the submarine patenters, meaning we have got to really restrict those little guys. 
Well, now, the big guys have come up 
with another sinister label. That was a fraud. The submarine patent issue was a fraud, and we fixed it very easily, with a very small compromise, without having to have all the rights of the lit-tle guy eliminated, simply by saying if the little guy is—it can be shown that he prevented the issuance of his patent, trying to elongate that, well then that clock will start ticking during that time period and that time will be taken away from him. 
If it is not him, if it is the bureauc-
racy that is holding off the actual issuance of the patent, we shouldn’t be doing things that hurt the little guy who is trying to get his patent out. 
Well, so we got that covered, but 
now, the big guys have come up with another sinister label because sub-marine patent doesn’t apply anymore. We found a way to solve it without hurting the little guy. 
Now, the big guys have come up with 
this other label which is aimed at con-fusing the public about who gets hurt and who benefits from the so-called re-forms that are now being shoved through Congress. They are insisting that the need for patent change, basic changes in our patent system, is be-cause of the so-called patent trolls. Over and over again, you will hear this sinister word. 
Now, let me tell you how cynical this 
is. There is a guy who was a top execu-tive at one of the electronic companies who is now on my side, on our side, the side of the little guy on this issue, but he was very high up in a big company. They got together with their people to decide what tactic they should use to get the changes done and passed through Congress. 
They knew they couldn’t just attack 
the small inventor. They knew they couldn’t attack the innovators in our society. What are they going to do to diminish their patent rights? 
Well, we have got to make it sound 
like it is somebody else who is going to get hurt, and that person has to be evil. The patent troll is what they came up with. 
This gentleman who worked in the 
business said he was in a room when that term was formalized by a number of people in the industry. They went around in a circle and said: What is the worst and nastiest sounding term we can come up with in order to vilify that, to draw people’s attention away from this issue? 
He told me he had suggested patent 
pirate; and, no, patent troll sound real-ly much more sinister. That is how cynical these people are. It is arrogant, and it is cynical because the patent troll is a creation. Yeah, there are some people who mis-
use our system. There are frivolous lawsuits that happen in our country. You know what, it is not just in the patent issue. It is all across the board. There are lawyers that have frivolous lawsuits. 
They are trying to claim that patent 
trolls are people with patents that are not legal patents, and they are trying to threaten lawsuits so they will get paid off. Well, that is happening throughout our system. They are called frivolous lawsuits. 
There is no need to hurt our small in-
ventors and to phase back their rights, as inventors, the rights of their owner-ship and the rights to enforce their patent, in order to get someone a law-yer who is engaged in a frivolous law-suit. 
These patent trolls are patent hold-
ers. Remember, when you hear the pat-ent troll, just think: someone who owns a patent. Unless it is the inventor himself, they say the patent troll is anyone who owns a patent who is not the inventor. Patent holders or compa-nies who represent patent holders are also people who own patents who get in infringement cases, but these are peo-ple who did not invent it themselves, and, thus, they are called trolls. 
They are engaged in basically defend-
ing their rights against the infringe-ment of large companies. Yeah, there are a few cases where small guys, we are told—that, again, is a front, to try to protect the big guys from the little guys, but there has been infringement on the patents that they own, these regular people, people who own—and patents are what? It is your property, intellectual property. 
Patents should be looked at that the 
United States Government believes it is your right to own, for a given period of time, as I just read in the Constitu-tion, your invention or your writing, and you own it. 
If someone is infringing and if you 
want to buy it from someone, someone who has invented it but can’t afford to basically enforce it, well, you have a right to do that. That doesn’t make you an evil troll. That means you have bought something that is a piece of property. 
By the way, after a number of years— 
10, 13, 14 years—that will no longer be your property because the patent pro-tection lasts only a given period of time. Well, these owners are just as valid as any other patents that are granted by the Patent Office. We are not talking about phony patents. 
They will try to make it sound like it 
is, Oh, these worthless pieces of paper. No, these are real patents and real pieces of paper that show you have rights to own this particular tech-nology. 
Huge corporate infringers would have 
us believe that these patents that they are talking about, that the people are trying to enforce, that these big com-panies have used, knowing that there is probably someone who owns that who has developed this new technology and 
just forgetting about them and leaving them behind, well, these big corporate infringers would have you believe that all these people are that way. They are not. 
Almost all of the infringement cases 
happen by people who legitimately own a legitimate patent, and if not, it should be decided in court. There is nothing wrong with bringing this to court if it is a legitimate patent or if it is an illegitimate patent. 
This happens all the time. Are you 
violating someone’s property rights when they own a piece of property and you have built a road across them without asking whether or not you could use their property? No, that should go to court. 
In fact, it is not a frivolous lawsuit 
for someone who owns a piece of prop-erty and someone who maybe owns a mine or something over here and just builds a road across and doesn’t ask you about it. No, you have a right for compensation. 
That is basically what we are talking 
about except, in this case, you have an inventor who has enriched a big com-pany with something new, but the big company doesn’t want to give him any of his royalties for building this new technology. 
By the way, in the past, big corpora-
tions would try to do patent searches to make sure they weren’t stepping on the little guy, and they would try to cut deals with these patent owners to try to make sure that they didn’t face a lawsuit. They would be able to chart out exactly what their expenses were. 
Then they decided, Don’t do it, don’t 
even look, don’t check to see if we are stealing this new idea. You know why? They did that because what you have now—and what they have tried to eliminate is that if a big company in-tentionally knows that it is violating the patent rights of someone who owns that new technology and infringes upon it, that it knowingly does this, there are triple damages that the in-ventor can get in his lawsuit against that big company. 
The big companies, they say, Oh, 
well, so we won’t even look, so they can’t prove that we knew we were step-ping on these little people. They don’t even look anymore. That is how arro-gant they are. Then they worry when a small guy comes up and sues them for infringement? 
By the way, why did they want to 
eliminate the triple damages? Because the little guys, regular people, don’t have the money to pay for the lawyers necessary for these lawsuits. The little guy’s ability to hire a lawyer on a con-tingency basis—if you take away the triple damages, you have eliminated the right of almost all of the small in-ventors to be able to have the protec-tion they need in court, but that was one of their major goals. 
By the way, we turned that one back, 
thank God, but it keeps going. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.044 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H911 February 10, 2015 
keep going because this is a way to en-
rich these powerful, multinational cor-porations in a way that the public isn’t seeing it. It is just a change in the rules; and the little guys, the wealth that should be going to them is ex-tracted and put into the pockets of these big corporate entities. 
They have the power, basically, and 
they are going to use it. They have the power in the economy, and they have the power in getting their case across to the Members of Congress because they have the ability to hire lobbyists again and to give campaign contribu-tions, but not to buy votes, and I am not suggesting that. 
When you are here and you have so 
much time, if you have lobbyists that are working just to get the attention of the Member of Congress on the issue for a short period of time, you have succeeded. These companies can do it, and the little guy can’t. The little guy has no way of getting people’s atten-tion here. 
The fact is that these big corpora-
tions—and especially Google—have hired the best representatives in town and spent the most money getting peo-ple’s attention. 
The only answer here is to make sure 
we offset that by making sure the American people call their Member of Congress and tell them: Don’t diminish the patent protection for regular Americans, don’t let this happen. 
They have won the last couple of 
fights. Again, like I say, by the time it got over to the Senate, some people just started paying attention, but we lost it here in the House. 
Well, the patents that we are talking 
about are patents; they are not frivo-lous lawsuits. These are patents that were issued by the United States Pat-ent Office, but huge infringers would have us believe: Of course, don’t worry, the Congress is just up there trying to protect people who really haven’t come up with anything and just have frivo-lous lawsuits. 
No, we are talking about tangible, 
tangible items that these people have used without paying the royalty to the man or woman who invented that par-ticular item, that particular tech-nology. 
What makes these patents different 
than the good patents, by the way? These same large corporations own thousands of patents—by the way, most of these corporations are the megaelectronics industry companies, so they own lots of patents. 
What makes the little guy a patent 
troll for being willing to try to get some help to fight these big guys? What makes that little guy’s patent or the ‘‘troll’s’’ patent any less real and any less valuable and official as these big companies? 
b2045 
They have their patents, too. If the 
small inventor doesn’t have the re-sources to enforce his or her patent in the limited time—they only have owned this now. Remember, once you 
own a patent, you own it for 17 years, and then it is done; everybody owns it. 
In the limited time they are granted 
for ownership, if they don’t have the resources to basically enforce their rights, an individual or company can buy their rights and can create—or they can create a partnership with a small inventor, and they can see to it that way to see that there isn’t a theft of this little guy’s property, and they call it an infringement. There is noth-ing wrong with someone coming in and saying: Well, listen. If you can’t en-force this, we think it is a good idea, you have 10 more years of patent pro-tection. We will buy that patent right, just like buying a parcel of land. We are going to speculate that that land is going to go up in value or whatever. There is no difference at all. It is a piece of property. It is a property right. It is intellectual property. 
This effort to change our patent law 
is an attack on the very nature of in-tellectual property. 
Okay. So the small inventor can’t do 
it. What is wrong with somebody com-ing in and offering to buy that patent right from him for those 10 years or to go into partnership with him? 
Well, I have consulted with a number 
of outside individual inventors and groups, and they have reaffirmed that the legislation now being proposed dis-advantages the little guy against deep- pocketed multinational corporations. This has been achieved in the guise, as I say, of targeting patent trolls. 
You are not vilifying this poor little 
inventor, this guy who works his heart out in his garage, quits his job because he has got an idea, puts all of his money and sells his home in order to build something new, a new tech-nology. No, I am sorry. That guy is a hero. And under the guise of getting patent trolls, whatever that is, they are going to smash this little guy that I just described because they are going to prevent anybody from helping him because that person who is helping him is a patent troll. This person and com-pany who has contracted with the in-ventor to see that his or her rights are respected, I consider them to be a posi-tive economic and also a moral force within the concept of determining own-ership in our society. 
How horrible, making a business— 
which some of these companies have done—of helping a business out of help-ing small inventors see to it that their patent rights are enforced. Oh, how horrible. Or how horrible it is for them to be buying patent rights from them. Oh, my goodness, a guy with money says: You can’t afford to enforce your rights; I think it is a great idea; I will pay you for this. The fact that that happens and is able to happen in our society means that that little guy now has something of value. 
If we take that away and say: Oh, 
these people buying them are all trolls—sounds sinister—oh, when you do that, the value of our patents for all of our inventors goes down. We are un-
dercutting the wealth that is available to our independent inventors because we are devaluing what they have if they can’t enforce it themselves, they can’t sell it to somebody who is not going to commercialize it, thus you have got a situation where the patent value, we are taking wealth out of the pockets of the least able people in our society in the technology arena, the least able to weather that, and we are putting that money and that power into the pockets of the big mega-multi-national, not just American companies, multinational companies. It is sinful. 
The proponents of this legislation are 
covering the fact that someone has sto-len someone else’s patent rights, some-
one else’s intellectual property, and now they want to change the system so they can get away with this theft. That is what it is all about. The big compa-nies have been stealing. They want to get away with it. They need to change the rules of the game so they can get away with it, and the little guy will just give up because he can’t go through all the steps now. 
They would have us believe that all 
the lawsuits against these companies are frivolous. As I say, that is not the case. Well, the vast majority of them are not. The vast majority of patent in-fringement cases have very legitimate areas of concern, and they need to be decided by the court, not to have Con-gress step in and make it more difficult for someone to take someone to court who has stolen his intellectual prop-erty. Yes, there are frivolous lawsuits throughout our system. Why are these guys just focusing on patents? They are doing that because that is what these megacorporations will benefit from. 
Tonight I draw the attention of the 
American people to H.R. 9, the Innova-tion Act, introduced by Chairman G
OODLATTE with 19 bipartisan cospon-
sors. The last Congress, the House Committee on the Judiciary held a hearing on this same bill. The same bill that came in last time, this bill that is being proposed now, H.R. 9, is exactly the same bill, except maybe with one provision that is taken out, which is a provision that I was able to get out of the bill on the floor in the debate and in the amendment process. 
By the way, that provision was going 
to prevent inventors, if they believed they were treated unfairly by the Pat-ent Office, that provision would deny them the right to take it to court. They would have to settle the issue with an ombudsman from the Patent Office. Get that? The right to use court of a U.S. citizen was going to be denied them, and the proponents of this legis-lation just let it drip off their back like water off a duck’s back. Give me a break. That is a huge violation of rights of Americans, but it is just as huge a violation for us to try to dimin-ish their ability to enforce the rights of their own property. 
So I draw attention to H.R. 9. Last 
Congress the House Committee on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.045 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H912 February 10, 2015 
Judiciary held a hearing on this almost 
very same bill. The witnesses at that hearing, including former Patent Office Director Kappos, made it clear that we should move slowly and with great care in making any changes to the patent law, especially in light of the fact that no one yet understands the implication of a similar patent law that was passed 2 years ago, the America Invents Act. 
The process from that act is just now 
being implemented. I think it is going to have a very negative impact, and we need to know that that is what is going to happen, and we need to work that into our calculus of whether we should pass even more restrictions like are in that first bill. 
So everybody says: Take it easy; go 
slow; make sure you are right before you go ahead. Well, we haven’t even di-gested the last bite Congress has taken out of the patent law. We haven’t even digested that at all, and now they want us to gobble down a few more apples. We need to make sure that we know what we have already gotten ourselves into by biting into this apple, but, no, we have got to now commit to having even more and more change before we even know whether that apple is going to turn sour in our stomach and cause us to be sick. 
In and of itself, this legislation is too 
broad, H.R. 9, the same thing they tried to pass through here last year, rammed it through, too broad, its implications too unclear, its effects unknowable. That is what witnesses and other ex-perts have indicated. The conclusion, as I say, is move forward with these fundamental changes in our patent sys-tem, and if you do so, you might be un-dermining that system. 
We need not to move forward quickly 
on this, see what the impact of the past law changes are. That is what now has been indicated, but that is not what has happened. That is not what we have seen happen here on Capitol Hill. The House was railroaded into passing this new proposal on top of the pre-vious legislation before we have a chance to see whether it is going to have a negative or positive effect, and it is not even being fully implemented yet. But yet we were pushed. This thing was rammed down our throats. It seems like some multinational cor-porations really wanted action now: Do it now. 
Well, what is going on here? This 
congressional ramrodding exemplifies the battle to diminish America’s pat-ent system that has been going on for 25 years. This isn’t something new. What I am describing to you is just one more hit, one more attempt by people to harmonize American law with the rest of the world. 
We need to be more like the rest of 
the world. We have a strong protection of intellectual property rights. Oh, we should be more like the rest of the world—baloney. The fact is America should stand tall. If we want harmony with the rest of the world, they should harmonize with our stronger protec-tion for the individual, for our caring 
for ordinary people. 
This law and these changes are going 
to change the way we do business in America, all right. We are not going to have the creative and the cutting edge as these very same mega-multinational corporations go to countries like China in order to get cheap labor to accom-plish their mission rather than using the technology of Americans, giving them the royalty for it, at least, in order to make sure our country and our countrymen are safe, our countrymen are secure and our well-being of our people economically, they have good jobs producing competitive products that they can sell overseas. No. No. These companies, they just want that power for themselves. They want to harmonize with the rest of the world so they can run roughshod over all of us. 
According to the sponsors of H.R. 9, 
it is an attempt to combat the problem of patent trolls. That is it. You look at their arguments, it is all patent trolls, patent trolls, patent trolls, even though the study mandated by Con-gress shows that this much-heralded problem is not a major driver of law-suits. It has not caused, as they claim, a surge of new lawsuits. In fact, the most recent data shows that patent lawsuits dropped dramatically in 2014 compared to previous years. 
The provisions of this legislation are 
designed to make it much more com-plicated. Now, this is what it is. This legislation, H.R. 9, is designed to make it much more complicated, costly, and challenging to bring a lawsuit for pat-ent infringement, thus hurting the lit-tle guy, the infringement that is tak-ing place. That means the victim is the little guy. We are helping the big guy, the guy who is committing the crime. 
By the way, if these people wanted to 
impact frivolous lawsuits, if they say, ‘‘Oh, there are too many frivolous law-suits with patents,’’ they should just make it simpler and cheaper to defend against baseless infringement cases. Somebody that is accused of infringe-ment and it is baseless, let’s make it easier for these companies to defend themselves against that charge in court. 
But, no, no, making it more easy to 
defend themselves, no, no, no. We are being asked to raise the bar for the in-ventor to bring lawsuits to defend his or her rights rather than lowering the bar to allow small businesses and oth-ers to defend themselves against frivo-lous lawsuits. When we weaken the lit-tle guy—that is what we are doing. They want us to weaken the little guy to protect the big guy from frivolous lawsuits. 
Well, who gets hurt and who is 
helped? You have a sinister cover-up there, the trolls, and who is getting helped by that? These big megacorporations. And who is getting hurt? The little guys who can’t go through all these extra steps; they can’t afford to protect themselves. And we are going to side with the big guys, the big guys again who take their work 
to China without blushing? This legis-lation, H.R. 9, is consistent with the decades-long war being waged on Amer-ica’s and against America’s inde-pendent inventors. 
Here are a few provisions of this In-
novation Act we have just submitted: 
It would create new requirements for 
a patent holder, when a patent holder must, once filing a claim for infringe-ment, provide information about all the parties who are involved with this; and, thus, you basically have the ac-cused infringer is going to know every-body who is involved and, thus, be able to basically attack all of the people, not just the guy who has lost his intel-lectual property rights, but somebody who backed him up now will become a target of big corporations. This means the elimination of privacy for major business dealings. 
The little guy no longer has that 
right of privacy. The little guy is to-tally exposed, as his friends and sup-pliers will be. The patent holder will be forced to provide a list of potential 
bank accounts to raid, and those bank accounts and all of that information will be made available to the bad guys, the people who are infringing. The big companies who are beating him down will now have all this information to use against him. 
In addition, once the requirement has 
been invoked, the patent holder must maintain a current record of the infor-mation on file at the Patent Office or forfeit the rights. 
b2100 
What that means is the patent holder 
now has huge new bureaucratic report-ing requirements, dramatically in-creasing his cost and vulnerability. 
Now, you do that to a small investor 
or a small inventor, what does that say? You are increasing their costs dra-matically. And why are we increasing their requirements for bureaucratic re-porting? Because they have actually reported an infringement of their intel-lectual rights; thus, they have got to pay the price; they have got to have the burden on them. We are going to put the burden on them for saying, Somebody just stole my property. We are increasing the burden on them. 
If they do that, from then on, they 
have a whole new obligation, a bureau-cratic obligation. 
In addition, the patent holder gains a 
new bureaucratic fee—not just a bu-reaucratic requirement but a fee—and is forced to pay record keeping fees to maintain the current record at the Patent Office. 
More fees, more bureaucratic re-
quirements. These are minor inconven-iences to multinational corporations, these corporations with hundreds, if not thousands of employees. It is not going to cost them anything. In fact, when they go to court, they have a whole stable of attorneys, so it won’t cost them much money there either. 
So for these multinational corpora-
tions, this isn’t even an inconvenience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.046 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H913 February 10, 2015 
But for the little guy, all of these new 
requirements are killers because they don’t have $100,000 that they can just drop into keeping better books over here or getting a hold of all of these people or exposing anybody who has in-vested in their patent. 
The Innovation Act also enables 
large multinational corporations to create nested shell companies which have few assets but can infringe on pat-ents while the inventor is unable to sue their customers, who are free to con-tinue infringing. So they say: Well, we will just do all of our business with this technology, through that com-pany, so if we get sued, they can’t get at us—no way. While the first court case moves through the system, we are going to shield these big guys who are stealing. 
This process could keep an infringing 
process in place for a decade or more while the inventor is trying to find ways to stop that infringement. 
The Innovation Act authorizes the 
Patent Office director to create a pat-ent troll database—how about that— and to create a strategy to teach small business how to defend themselves against patent trolls. 
We are encouraging the director of 
the Patent Office to create an enemies list and a strategy guide for people who are infringing on other people’s patent rights. That is what we are talking about. 
They are trying to basically vilify a 
group of people who are involved in a perfectly legal and moral economic ac-tivity, helping out small business guys, buying small patent owners’ rights to their patents. If they can’t enforce it themselves, they are going into part-nership with them. 
No, no. Now we are going to have a 
list of these people who are going to be on an enemy’s list mandated by the Patent Office, according to this legisla-tion. 
So we are encouraging this enemies 
list strategy. Instead of just, okay, if there is a frivolous lawsuit, let’s just make it easier for someone to defend themselves in court. 
The ultimate results of this legisla-
tion will be: 
Increased patent infringement. Have 
you got that? This legislation, H.R. 9, will increase the amount of theft in our society because now we have made it easier. 
Reduced legal remedies. We have ba-
sically reduced the legal remedies for the victim, for those who have been in-fringed. 
We have reduced the investment in 
small business. Why are people going to invest in a new patent if they think it can be infringed upon, and this guy isn’t going to get his money back? So we have dramatically hurt the amount of money that is going to be invested in the new technology, in the brilliant ideas that come from our students from university. You know, they come out and they have great ideas. We want them to go into small business and fol-low their dream. Oh, no, no. This would 
make it almost impossible for people like that. Our young people and small businessmen, people with a dream. 
Irreparable damage will be done to 
our research universities, to our inven-tors and entrepreneurs. All of these people are going to be hurt. 
Let me put it this way: our colleges 
and universities, they know that if this bill passes—the one that was going through the Senate passed—there would be a dramatic reduction in the value of all the patents that they own, and that is a major, major asset to our universities. 
Each part of this so-called reform is 
detrimental to the patent owners, espe-cially damaging to individual small in-ventors. Every provision bolsters the patent thieves, the infringers, at the expense of the legal owners. 
No, no. Let’s not talk about that. 
Let’s talk about patent trolls, how evil they are. ‘‘Troll’’ is a bad word. You don’t want to be on the side of the trolls. 
No, no. Everything they are pro-
posing in the name of stopping the trolls, using that as cover, hurts the little guy and helps these big guys who are financing this campaign to under-mine our patent system. 
This approach assists thieves because 
they are powerful corporations versus little guys. The only hope for the little guy has always been that America stands for the God-given rights and that those rights are protected by our government, recognized and protected by it, as it was in the Constitution. 
To all people, rich and poor, their 
rights are protected in this country, and we should not be about to let big corporate interests step on the little guy. 
If a guy owns a piece of property and 
a big corporation wants to build a road across it, to build a whatever it is on the other side—an oil derrick or what-ever it is—they have to pay that man’s 
price because he owns that property. And in this case, we are talking only about an ownership for 17 years, grant-ed to somebody who has actually come up with something that is of great value to our people. 
No. We need to make sure that we re-
main the country where we protect everybody’s rights and that the big guys can’t get away with stepping on the little guys. 
The rights of ownership are the same 
as all of our other rights: speech, reli-gion, assembly. And this has been what we are seeing now in H.R. 9—the last couple of years have been a blatant power grab by the big guys to diminish the rights of the little guy. 
When the bill identical to this one 
was previously submitted, opposition emerged to it, as people figured out what I am telling you. What I am say-ing tonight—finally some people, when they heard the debate over here, they mobilized. And when they found out what was about to be foisted upon them, we were speaking with loud voices. Here is a list of some of those people 
who opposed or expressed major con-cerns over that act, a bill that was identical to H.R. 9, which is now perched and ready to be shoved through Congress: 
The Association of American Univer-
sities; American Council on Education; Association of American Medical Col-leges; Association of Public and Land- grant Universities; Association of Uni-versity Technology Managers; Council on Governmental Relations; Eagle Forum; Club for Growth; American Bar Association; Patent Office Professional Association; Judicial Conference Com-mittee on Rules of Practice and Proce-dure; American Intellectual Property Law Association; Intellectual Property Owners Association; National Associa-tion of Patent Practitioners; National Venture Capital Association; the Bio-technology Industry Organization; Pharmaceutical Research and Manu-facturers of America, PhRMA; Innova-tion Alliance; Coalition for 21st Cen-tury Patent Reform; Institute of Elec-trical and Electronics Engineers. 
Let’s just note, all of these groups 
were opposed or were very concerned about that act because: 
It creates more paperwork for every-
body, increasing the cost for anybody who wants to defend their rights. 
It forces patent holders who file 
claims of infringement to maintain new bureaucratic reporting require-ments and to pay new recordkeeping costs. It just complicates their lives and their expenses. 
It eliminates the independent judi-
cial review of patent applicants by striking section 145 of title 35. This is very important in order to keep the Patent Office honest. There should be an independent judicial review. That is what they tried to foist off on us last time. 
And it dramatically increases the fi-
nancial risks for anybody filing an in-fringement lawsuit. 
We need to make sure that our coun-
try stays true to the American people, to what will give us security for our people. We need to be on the cutting edge of technology. We need to be ahead of our potential enemies. We can’t defend our country man for man. We have got to have the best equip-ment and the high technology that comes from the creative thinking of our people. We need to make sure that our working people are producing more wealth with every hour of work they do; thus, we can afford to provide the services and the standard of living for ordinary people. 
Every time there is a new idea, if we 
actually permit that to be stolen by multinational corporations, that is not going to improve the well-being of our people. 
We have seen this going on in the 
past. This is not the first time. This is just in the last 25 years of onslaught. And what we have now in H.R. 9 is just the latest salvo in the effort to destroy the patent system that we have got. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.048 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H914 February 10, 2015 
But this happened a long time ago. 
We have had to reaffirm the rights of the little guy over and again. 
There is a statue in our Congress, in 
our Capitol, of Philo Farnsworth. Do you know who Philo Farnsworth was? Philo Farnsworth was the inventor of the picture tube for the television. 
Philo was a farmer and an engineer 
in Utah, a man with not many re-sources at all. But he figured out some-thing that RCA, one of the biggest cor-porations in the country at the time, was trying to find out: How do you cre-ate a picture tube? 
Well, he wrote them and said, I found 
the secret. And what do you know, they sent their top engineer over. Philo actually showed them what he had done. And they said, We are going to get back to you, and we are going to work with you as your partner. You know what they did? He could never get a hold of them again. 
David Sarnoff, one of the richest, 
most powerful men in the United States, set out to steal the right to the patent for the picture tube from this lone American, this guy who had a small farm in Utah. And he led—Philo Farnsworth didn’t give up. He led a struggle for 20 years to get his rights to own that technology, that intellectual property. 
And when he was fighting this huge 
corporate interest that was trying to 
just squish him like a bug, he stood up there, and he couldn’t have stood alone. People invested in his lawsuit. People invested with him so that jus-tice would come and that inventors in the United States would know that when they invent something, they have a right, and the American people will stick by them. 
In the end, the Supreme Court made 
the decision, and they decided with the little guy. They decided with Philo. What a great affirmation of our coun-try. And there is a statute today of Farnsworth in the Capitol, the man who advanced communications in our country. You will never find a statue to David Sarnoff or any of these big moguls who tried to squish him, these multinational corporations. 
Let’s remember the heart of Amer-
ica, patriotism. Let’s be loyal to our regular people. They will be loyal to us. That is what the American Revolu-tion was all about. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in op-
posing H.R. 9. And I invite people to talk about it and to talk to their Con-gressmen and their Senators and to make sure that they don’t come in here for a vote not knowing how important this vote is on H.R. 9. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT (at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of death in the family. Mr. R
UIZ (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today and the balance of 
the week on account of death in the family. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 203. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychi-atrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pur-suant to House Resolution 99, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 11, 2015, at 10 a.m., for morning-hour debate, as a fur-ther mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable A
LANNUNNELEE . 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
373. A letter from the Management Ana-
lyst, Forest Service, ORMS, D and R, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Forest Land En-hancement Program (FLEP) (RIN: 0596-AD21) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
374. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, APHIS, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Commuted Traveltime; Correc-tion [Docket No.: APHIS-2004-0108] received February 3, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
375. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, APHIS, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Brucellosis Class Free States and Certified Brucellosis-Free Herds; Revi-sions to Testing and Certification Require-ments [Docket No.: APHIS-2009-0083] (RIN: 0579-AD22) received February 3, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
376. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, Forest Service, ORMS, D and R, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Use By Over-Snow Vehicles (Travel Management Rule) (RIN: 0596-AD17) received February 3, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
377. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the OMB Seques-tration Preview Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (BBEDCA), as amended; 
to the Committee on Appropriations. 
378. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting the se-questration order for Fiscal Year 2016, pursu-ant to 2 U.S.C. 901a; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 
379. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting authorization for Briga-dier General Jacqueline D. Van Ovost, United States Air Force, to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
380. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Homeland Defense and Global Security, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s report on assistance provided for sporting events during calendar year 2014, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2564(e); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
381. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Transportation, transmitting the annual report to Congress of the Maritime Administration (MARAD) for Fiscal Year 2013, pursuant to Public Law 91-469, section 208; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
382. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting the Na-tional Security Strategy of the United States, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 3043; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
383. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator, Office of Diversion Control, DEA, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Removal of Naloxegol from Control [Docket No.: DEA- 400] received January 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
384. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator, Office of Diversion Control, DEA, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final order — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Temporary Place-ment of Three Synthetic Cannabinoids into Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-402] received January 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
385. A letter from the Chief Executive Offi-
cer, Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service, transmitting the Corporation’s Fiscal Year 2016 Congressional Budget Jus-tification; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
386. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
387. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Office of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursu-ant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
388. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s semiannual report of the Inspector General and the Management Response for the period April 1, 2014, through September 30, 2014, pursuant to Public Law 95-452, sec-tion 5; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
389. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Atlantic Coastal Fisheries Cooperative Management Act Pro-visions; American Lobster Fishery [Docket No.: 130705590-5010-03] (RIN: 0648-BD45) re-ceived February 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.049 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H915 February 10, 2015 
801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural 
Resources. 
390. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial and Recreational Salmon Fish-eries; Inseason Actions #24 through #44 [Docket No.: 140107014-4014-01] (RIN: 0648- XD547) received February 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
391. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule; correction — Anchorage Regula-tions; Port of New York [Docket No.: USCG- 2013-0018] (RIN: 1625-AA01) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
392. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations; Clearwater Super Boat National Champion-ship; Gulf of Mexico, Clearwater, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0657] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
393. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; SFOBB Demolition Safety Zone, San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2013-0654] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
394. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse; Boston, MA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1055] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
395. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Anchorage Regulations; Port of New York [Docket No.: USCG-2013-0018] (RIN: 1625-AA01) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
396. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Thames River, New London, CT [Dock-et No.: USCG-2013-0983] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
397. A letter from the Trial Attorney, FRA, 
Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Highway-Rail Crossing Inventory Reporting Requirements [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0007, Notice No. 4] (RIN: 2130-AC26) received Janu-ary 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
398. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Privacy Of-fice’s report entitled ‘‘2014 Data Mining Re-port to Congress’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-3; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. 
399. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Privacy Of-
fice’s semiannual report to Congress cov-ering the period March 1, 2014, through Sep-tember 30, 2014, pursuant to the 9/11 Commis-sion Act of 2007, section 803; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
400. A letter from the Board Chair and 
Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Agency’s fiscal year 2016 proposed budget and performance plan; jointly to the Committees on Agri-culture and Oversight and Government Re-form. 
401. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Office of the Medicare Ombudsman 2013 Report to Congress, pursuant to the Social Security Act, section 1808(c)(2)(C); jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
402. A letter from the Inspector General, 
Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the fiscal year 2016 Congressional Budget Justification for the Office of Inspector Gen-eral; jointly to the Committees on Appro-priations, Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 100. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and providing for proceedings during the period from February 16, 2015, through February 23, 2015 (Rept. 114– 22). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 101. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend and expand the charitable de-duction for contributions of food inventory, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–23). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and 
Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 820. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 to clarify that counter-vailing duties may be imposed to address subsidies relating to a fundamentally under-valued currency of any foreign country; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. I
SSA, 
Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. 
DELBENE): 
H.R. 821. A bill to promote unlicensed spec-
trum use in the 5 GHz band, to maximize the use of the band for shared purposes in order to bolster innovation and economic develop-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. 
M
EEKS , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio): 
H.R. 822. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require reporting of certain data by providers and suppliers of air 
ambulance services for purposes of reforming reimbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Mr. 
M
CKINLEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): 
H.R. 823. A bill to better integrate STEM 
education into elementary and secondary in-struction and curricula, to encourage high- quality STEM professional development, and to expand current mathematics and science education research to include engineering education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. C OLLINS  
of Georgia, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 824. A bill to amend chapter 1 of title 
1, United States Code, with regard to the def-inition of ‘‘marriage’’ and ’’spouse’’ for Fed-eral purposes and to ensure respect for State regulation of marriage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. 
V
ARGAS ): 
H.R. 825. A bill to promote trade and com-
mercial enhancement between the United States and Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Af-fairs, Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Ms. 
KAPTUR ): 
H.R. 826. A bill to provide for a study by 
the Institute of Medicine on gaps in mental health services and how these gaps can in-crease the risk of violent acts; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. 
J
OLLY ): 
H.R. 827. A bill to direct the Federal Trade 
Commission to revise the regulations regard-ing the Do-not-call registry to prohibit po-litically-oriented recorded message tele-phone calls to telephone numbers listed on that registry; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 828. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to clarify the use of credentials by enrolled agents; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself and Mr. 
P
ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 829. A bill to promote youth athletic 
safety and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: 
H.R. 830. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to reauthorize the predisaster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10FE7.000 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H916 February 10, 2015 
hazard mitigation program; to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 831. A bill to support afterschool and 
out-of-school-time science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. COOK (for himself and Ms. 
T
ITUS): 
H.R. 832. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Labor to enter into a contract for the conduct of a longitudinal study of the job counseling, training, and placement services for veterans provided by the Secretary, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 833. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to au-thorize the Secretary of Education to make grants for recruiting, training, and retaining individuals, with a preference for individuals from underrepresented groups, as teachers at public elementary and secondary schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 834. A bill to require States and local 
educational agencies to report on the achievement of military-connected students in annual report cards under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
COLE, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 835. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic foster care services in Medicaid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. W
ILSON  
of South Carolina, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. J OYCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. O LSON , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Pennsylvania, Mr. H ECKof Ne-
vada, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J OLLY , and 
Mr. B OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 836. A bill to improve access to emer-
gency medical services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. 
K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas): 
H.R. 837. A bill to implement a demonstra-
tion project under titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to examine the costs and benefits of providing payments for com-prehensive coordinated health care services provided by purpose-built, continuing care retirement communities to Medicare bene-ficiaries; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself, Ms. M
ENG, 
and Mr. C HABOT ): 
H.R. 838. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to revise requirements related to assets pledged by a surety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on 
Small Business, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. 
C
LARKE of New York, Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
HAHN, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. F UDGE , 
and Mr. M EEKS ): 
H.R. 839. A bill to posthumously award a 
Congressional Gold Medal to Lena Horne in recognition of her achievements and con-tributions to American culture and the civil rights movement; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. 
T
ONKO , and Ms. S LAUGHTER ): 
H.R. 840. A bill to increase the participa-
tion of women, girls, and underrepresented minorities in STEM fields, to encourage and support students from all economic back-grounds to pursue STEM career opportuni-ties, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
JONES , and Mr. B ARLETTA ): 
H.R. 841. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify that wages paid to unauthorized aliens may not be deducted from gross income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Judici-ary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R OGERS of Ken-
tucky, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. K IND, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. L ANCE , Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
KING of New York, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
KILDEE , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. S IRES, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. 
HUFFMAN ): 
H.R. 842. A bill to require the Commis-
sioner of Social Security to revise the med-ical and evaluation criteria for determining disability in a person diagnosed with Hun-tington’s Disease and to waive the 24-month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for in-dividuals disabled by Huntington’s Disease; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KLINE (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENISHEK , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. 
DUFFY ): 
H.R. 843. A bill to prohibit treatment of 
gray wolves in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan as endangered species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KLINE: 
H.R. 844. A bill to require a plan approved 
by the Surface Transportation Board for the long-term storage of rail cars on certain rail-road tracks; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself and Mr. 
W
ALZ): 
H.R. 845. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture to publish in the Federal Reg-
ister a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. S
COTT 
of Virginia, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 846. A bill to end discrimination based 
on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. 
S
ABLAN ): 
H.R. 847. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to in-vest in innovation for education; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mrs. 
D
AVIS of California): 
H.R. 848. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to im-prove teacher and principal effectiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida): 
H.R. 849. A bill to grant a Federal charter 
to the National Academy of Inventors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mrs. 
D
AVIS of California, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): 
H.R. 850. A bill to support evidence-based 
social and emotional learning programming; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 851. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ad-just funding levels for certain outlying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10FE7.100 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H917 February 10, 2015 
areas; to the Committee on Education and 
the Workforce. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 852. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to provide for additional technical and procedural standards for artifi-cial or prerecorded voice telephone messages and the establishment of such standards for live telephone solicitations; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself 
and Mrs. L
UMMIS ): 
H.R. 853. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to apportionments under the Airport Improvement Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. TAKAI (for himself, Mr. 
S
ABLAN , Ms. G ABBARD , and Ms. 
BORDALLO ): 
H.R. 854. A bill to amend the Compact of 
Free Association of 1985 to provide for ade-quate Compact-impact aid to affected States and territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, 
and Mr. R EED): 
H.R. 855. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 856. A bill to establish the Gold Butte 
National Conservation Area in Clark County, Nevada, in order to conserve, protect, and enhance the cultural, archaeological, nat-ural, wilderness, scientific, geological, his-torical, biological, wildlife, educational, and scenic resources of the area, to designate wilderness areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 857. A bill to provide for the with-
drawal of certain Federal land in Garden Valley, Nevada; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Mr. 
P
OLIS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
POCAN ): 
H.R. 858. A bill to establish a comprehen-
sive literacy program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. H
ONDA , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. N AD-
LER): 
H.J. Res. 30. A joint resolution to require a 
strategy and report to counter the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. 
C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia): 
H. Con. Res. 16. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the difficult challenges Black vet-erans faced when returning home after serv-ing in the Armed Forces, their heroic mili-tary sacrifices, and their patriotism in fight-ing for equal rights and for the dignity of a people and a Nation; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HENSARLING: 
H. Res. 98. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Finan-cial Services in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H. Res. 99. A resolution expressing the con-
dolences of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable Alan Nunnelee, a Representative from the State of Mississippi; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H. Res. 102. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of September 25, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Pediatric Bone Cancer Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi): 
H. Res. 103. A resolution providing 
amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Homeland Security in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey introduced a bill 
(H.R. 859), for the relief of certain aliens who were aboard the Golden Venture; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LEVIN: 
H.R. 820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect duties and to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, as enumerated in Arti-cle I, Section 8. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas: 
H.R. 824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect 
taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties impost and excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States;’’ and Ar-ticle 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitu-tion, which states that Congress shall have power ‘‘To make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the Untied States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8 of the 
Constitution of the United States. 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution which states ‘‘Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: 
H.R. 830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. DENT: 
H.R. 836. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10FE7.100 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H918 February 10, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 of the US consititution 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power of Congress to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 841. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted puruant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause I and under Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 842. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. KLINE: 
H.R. 843. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly re-
ferred to the ‘‘Commerce Clause,’’ of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. KLINE: 
H.R. 844. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly re-
ferred to the ‘‘Commerce Clause,’’ of the United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 845. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 846. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power of Congress to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement. 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clause 1), which grants Congress the power to collect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H.R. 853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the sev-eral states). 
By Mr. TAKAI: 
H.R. 854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, of the U.S. Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 857. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. YARMUTH: 
H.R. 858. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 859. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall have power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Nat-
uralization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.J. Res. 30. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 27: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 44: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 67: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 69: Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
SPEIER , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 85: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 114: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 131: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
PITTENGER , and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 136: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
TAKANO , and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 143: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 160: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 169: Mr. B LUM, Mr. K IND, Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 173: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 178: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 187: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 197: Mr. H ECKof Washington and Mr. 
HIMES. 
H.R. 212: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
JOYCE , and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 216: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 218: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 223: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 249: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 271: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 280: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 281: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. J ORDAN , 
and Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 284: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 287: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 290: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 292: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
HARPER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. S IRES, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. S PEIER , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 303: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 304: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 306: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 317: Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 333: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 344: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 349: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 358: Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. P INGREE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.031 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H919 February 10, 2015 
H.R. 363: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 365: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 400: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CCAUL, 
and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 401: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 402: Mr. L UETKEMEYER and Mr. 
PEARCE . 
H.R. 403: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 411: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 417: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H.R. 426: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 429: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 431: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 441: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 445: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 451: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. J ENKINS  
of Kansas, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. S CHOCK . 
H.R. 461: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 465: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
STEWART . 
H.R. 478: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 483: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 486: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 495: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . 
H.R. 497: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 508: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 509: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
PETERS . 
H.R. 511: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 523: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and 
Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 525: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 529: Mr. B LUM, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas. 
H.R. 531: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 540: Mrs. E LLMERS and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 541: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 546: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C OHEN , and 
Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 556: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 563: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 572: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 574: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 578: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 583: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 592: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. R OSS, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 594: Mr. R OSS, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. 
MILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 602: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama and Mrs. 
BUSTOS . 
H.R. 604: Mr. O LSON , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 606: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 608: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 622: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 631: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 634: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 635: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 642: Ms. T ITUS and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 650: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 654: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 662: Mr. R OKITA , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
ISSA, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 663: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. P ETERSON , and 
Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 665: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 670: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 699: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California. 
H.R. 703: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. H ENSARLING , and 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 704: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
MILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 709: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 711: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 716: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 717: Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. M ATSUI , and 
Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 718: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 722: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 724: Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 731: Mr. S ESSIONS and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California. 
H.R. 733: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. 
MULVANEY . 
H.R. 751: Mr. R IGELL , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 754: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 757: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 762: Ms. K USTER and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 767: Mr. C RENSHAW and Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois. 
H.R. 774: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 775: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 784: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 794: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 795: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 812: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 814: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
COOK, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H. Con. Res. 15: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H. Res. 11: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H. Res. 12: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
BEN RAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
ASHFORD , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 15: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 49: Mr. C HABOT and Mr. S ANFORD . 
H. Res. 50: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. W EBER of 
Texas. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J ENKINS of West 
Virginia, and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico. 
H. Res. 74: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 92: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. H ONDA , 
and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.026 H10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S873 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 2015 No. 22 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Holy God, You make the clouds Your 
chariot and walk upon the wind. We see Your works in the rising of the Sun and in its setting. For the beauty of the Earth and the glory of the skies, we give You praise. 
Today, make our lawmakers heirs of 
peace, demonstrating that they are Your children as they strive to do Your work on Earth. May they take pleasure in doing Your will, knowing that by so doing they are fulfilling Your purposes in our world. 
Lord, You are never far from us but 
often we are far from You, so show us Your ways and teach us your paths. Thank You that Your mercy is from everlasting to everlasting upon those who come to You with reverence. May Your glory endure forever. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 240. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
many Americans have already started the process of filling out their tax re-
turns. It is a stressful time of year, but thanks to ObamaCare many are sure to find it even more stressful. Part of this is because of ObamaCare’s $1 trillion- plus in tax increases. 
If you have health insurance 
ObamaCare has a tax for that. If you don’t have health insurance, ObamaCare has a tax for that too. Whether government bureaucrats deem your coverage generous or not gen-erous enough, ObamaCare has a tax for you. 
Some of these taxes are paid by con-
sumers directly. Others are passed along in the form of higher premiums, increased costs, and lost opportunities, but many fall on the shoulders of the middle class. 
There is more to the issue, too, be-
cause ObamaCare has done what many thought impossible, it has made a mind-numbingly complex Tax Code even more so. 
For the first time, the government 
will be asking on our tax returns if we had health insurance for every month of last year. If someone didn’t—well, you guessed it—ObamaCare has a tax for that, too, but this is only a portion of the cost and complexity ObamaCare threatens to impose on millions this tax season. 
This is how one health law expert put 
it: 
It will be very easy to find people who are 
unhappy with [ObamaCare’s] . . . new tax ob-ligations—people who have to pay a penalty, who have to wait forever to get through to somebody at the I.R.S. or have to pay back a lot of money because of overpayments of premium tax credits. This is from an expert who supports 
ObamaCare. 
The truth is ObamaCare is a law that 
just keeps on giving, giving headaches to the middle class. It meant millions of cancellation notices, it meant high-er costs for many, and now this. 
Remember, too, the IRS, the same 
agency charged with processing our tax returns, is now in charge of imple-menting vast sections of ObamaCare. The same agency that spent so much time trying to silence free speech—the same agency that awarded bonuses to employees who owed back taxes—is an agency charged with enforcing ObamaCare’s web of complexity. 
Americans are right to question the 
IRS’s competence to handle so much sensitive information. We just received another reminder of that recently. 
One of the Obama administration’s 
own inspectors general released a damning report of this troubled agen-cy. The report found that the IRS re-cently rehired hundreds of individuals who had left the agency under clouds of misconduct. 
It took back individuals who had en-
gaged in sexual harassment, criminal misconduct, and fraud and on at least one occasion ignored case file notes that warned ‘‘Do not rehire.’’ 
The tax collector for America even 
rehired people who willfully failed to file their tax returns. 
I know the chairman of the Finance 
Committee plans to dig into issues such as these. He wants answers. We all do. The American people deserve them. They are tired of seeing a government that has lost focus on them, and they are tired of enduring ObamaCare’s growing list of failed promises. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
NECESSARY ABSENCE  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am not 
going to be able to be here the rest of the week. More than likely I have a personal matter I have to deal with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.000 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S874 February 10, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO KATHIE ALVAREZ  
Mr. President, I wish to take a 
minute to talk about somebody whom I have worked with for 30 years in the Senate, and that is Kathie Alvarez, who has done such a great job of calcu-lating our votes, tabulating our votes, and just being somebody who is always here. 
We have had a great relationship. I 
know nothing about her politics. I just know something about her personality, which is warm. She has a great sense of humor, and I am going to miss her a great deal. 
I wish her the very best. She has now 
worked in the Senate for some 30 years. For everyone who has had any dealings with her, which is everyone serving in the Senate, I am sure their experiences have been just like mine, a very pleas-ant experience. 
Again, I wish her the very best in the 
future, whatever that might be, and someday if she needs a letter of rec-ommendation or something, I would be happy to give her one. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. President, during the past 6 
years of the Obama administration there have been 12 million jobs created. Remember when President Obama took office—because of the Bush administra-tion and their activities—we were los-ing 800,000 jobs a month. So I think it speaks well of what has taken place over the past 6 years to be able to talk about creating 12 million private sector jobs. Not everyone has benefited from these jobs, but a lot of people have. 
We in Nevada wish we were doing 
much better, but we are doing much better than we were. In fact, in Nevada the unemployment rate fell to its low-est level since 2008 last month, but these are private sector jobs. If we had just a little bit of help with public sec-tor jobs, we would be back to the Clin-ton years. The economy would be on fire. 
The Environment and Public Works 
Committee is the ‘‘Environment and Public Works’’ Committee. The senior Senator from Oklahoma has been one of the leaders on that committee for a long time. He and I disagree greatly with what he does and what he believes dealing with the environment part of that committee. 
But we have significant agreement 
on the other part of that committee, the public sector—environment and public works. He has been out front talking about the need to do something with the highway bill, to create these jobs which are good for the economy. 
I know he and Senator B
OXER are 
working to do something with a new highway bill, and I am behind them. I hope they can work something out. It would be so important if we could do something to help the public sector, and no place is better to go than to do something with infrastructure. 
We have a $3 trillion deficit with in-
frastructure in this country: bridges collapsing, bridges in a state of dis-repair, and of course highways. Most highways in America get a C-minus 
grade at best. So there are a lot of things we can do to help the economy and do something to take all of the pressure off the private sector. 
Unemployment is down 5.7 percent. 
The stock market, all three of them, are at alltime highs. Manufacturing is doing quite well. 
The automobile industry—we strug-
gled when the great General Motors was going bankrupt, Chrysler was going bankrupt, and Ford was hanging on. We stepped forward and said we have to do something about saving one of America’s great industries; and we did that. 
Quite frankly, we received so much 
criticism from the Republicans. They were willing to let the automobile sec-tor go bankrupt. We started Cash for Clunkers, we did all kinds of things, and now these companies are thriving and rightfully so. 
The automobile industry has re-
bounded, and that is an understate-ment. A number of economies are on the right track. I state, for the second time this morning, does that mean ev-eryone has benefited? The answer is no, but a lot of us have benefited. 
But throughout all of this, in Amer-
ica—this great country of ours—the rich are getting richer, the poor are getting poorer, the middle class is being squeezed, and that we have to recognize. 
Let’s talk about the economy, 12 mil-
lion private sector jobs. Could we do better? The answer is yes. It would have been great had we not been thwarted, stopped because of a number of filibusters. We would have a min-imum wage for the entire country. We weren’t able to get that done. That would be great for the middle class. 
It would be good if we could do some-
thing about the largest debt America has. It is not credit cards, it is student loan debt. I have admiration for the senior Senator from Illinois as to what he has done about student debt. He has spoken out that some of the things going on in our country dealing with education are absolutely wrong. But one thing that is wrong is we are plac-ing a burden on these young men and women who are going to college and their families. 
There are many things we should 
have done that we didn’t do to help the middle class, including equal pay for equal work, but that didn’t happen. We need to look at what has happened with the Republicans dealing with the economy. They are doing things that are not helping. 
Look at the Politico paper today. 
They talk about what the Republicans are doing with these riders on the money to fund Homeland Security. At a bare minimum that would increase the debt some $30 billion. 
We can say that for each DREAMer— 
there is about 600,000 of them—the Re-publicans want to deport every one of these DREAMers. The average cost of deporting these people is $10,000 each. Do the math—$10,000 times 600,000, that 
would all go toward increasing the debt. 
So shutting down the Department of 
Homeland Security is where we are headed, and it is such a shame—or hav-ing a continuing resolution. Each of these would be a disaster for our econ-omy. If Republicans refuse to fund Homeland Security, tens of thousands of employees that Secretary Johnson is in charge of would have to be fur-loughed. He says up to 30,000. Others would be ordered to come to work and not be paid. 
The Republicans are saying, well, we 
may not close down. We may fund it, but we may do it at last year’s levels, which would be a disaster for the States. There are programs Secretary Johnson funds that are so important to States: Terrorism centers; there is a great big one in Arizona that is waiting to be funded. If we have a CR, a con-tinuing resolution, it will not be fund-ed. We have programs relating to K9 units within police departments that are so important to local governments, State governments, and they would not be funded. 
Secretary Johnson laid out on all the 
TV shows this past weekend about what would happen if we didn’t fund the Department of Homeland Security or what would happen if we had to go with a continuing resolution. 
SAFER grants, even with fire-
fighters, are so tremendously impor-tant for States such as Nevada and around the rest of the country. 
So, my Republican colleagues, who 
now have a huge majority here in Con-gress, why don’t you work to improve the economy, not hurt the economy? Let’s pass a clean bill and send it to the President. America deserves a safe homeland. Even conservative news-papers such as the Wall Street Journal criticized the Republicans yesterday about what they are doing with home-land security and what they failed to do with immigration. They have been so critical of the Republicans. The Re-publicans have a huge majority, and as the Wall Street Journal said yesterday, why don’t they use it to the advantage of the American people, which they haven’t done. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the first hour equally di-vided, and with the Democrats control-ling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.002 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S875 February 10, 2015 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it is 
only 17 days until the Department of Homeland Security of the United States of America runs out of fund-ing—the Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
This is the Department we created 
after 9/11. We said: America needs to be safer. We have to put in place safe-guards to make sure 9/11 never happens again. We created a new department, and it was done on a bipartisan basis. Joe Lieberman, a Democrat from Con-necticut serving in the Senate, joined with S
USAN COLLINS , the Republican 
from Maine, on our side of the rotunda with like-minded people on the other side, and they crafted this new Depart-ment. They brought together 22 dif-ferent agencies. They tried their best to achieve efficiency, to eliminate du-plication, to save money but have a mission that would be accomplished in keeping America safe. 
If you think about the departments 
of government, of course the Depart-ment of Defense comes to mind imme-diately when it comes to our safety, but not far behind is the Department of Homeland Security. So it was Decem-ber when the Republicans of the House of Representatives, given a choice of funding the government for this year, 
decided they would pick out one de-partment and not fund it on a regular basis. They decided that one depart-ment would be funded on what they call a continuing resolution, which means kind of grabbing last year’s budget and trying to make it work this year. Now, what was that one depart-ment the Republicans decided needed to be handled differently and not prop-erly funded? The Department of Home-land Security. That Department, in 17 days, will run out of money again. 
What are they thinking? What is hap-
pening in those closed-door meetings when Speaker B
OEHNER and the House 
Republicans or Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and the Senate Repub-
licans sit down and plot their strategy? Is there anyone in that room who says: You know, I think we may have picked the wrong department not to fund. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity is one we think about instantly when we see the terrible things done by ISIS, these terrorists of extremism, and pray to God they are never visited on the United States and that this awful group comes to an untimely end-ing as quickly as possible. Yet this De-partment, Homeland Security, has been the target of the Republicans to really execute a political ploy, a polit-ical strategy. Here is what they said: The way to get the President’s atten-tion on immigration is to refuse to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity. Well, they not only have the President’s attention, but they have the attention of the United States of America. People are asking: What are the congressional Republicans think-ing? In fact, the latest inquiry, just re-
ferred to by the Democratic leader, was an editorial yesterday in—of all things—the Wall Street Journal. The article is entitled: ‘‘Can the GOP Change?’’ It basically challenges the whole strategy of jeopardizing the funding for the Department of Home-land Security in order to make the point that they disagree with the President on immigration. 
What we have offered, what the Wall 
Street Journal suggests is to have a de-bate on immigration but not at the ex-pense of funding the Department of Homeland Security. That is what they have called for. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the February 9, 2015, Wall Street Journal article be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of these re-
marks. 
So what are these immigration provi-
sions that have the Republicans in such a rage that they are willing to jeopardize the funding of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security? One of them relates to a bill I introduced 14 years ago—the DREAM Act. Over the span of 14 years, though, this has not become the law of the land. It has be-come shorthand for a challenge we have with our broken immigration sys-tem. Here is the challenge: There were infants, toddlers, and small children brought to the United States by their parents many years ago. They were not documented. They grew up in this country, and they went to school in this country. They speak English. They have dreams about what they will do with their future, but being undocu-mented they are unable to realize those dreams. 
The DREAM Act said if they have a 
clean criminal record, have graduated from high school, are willing to serve in our military or go on to college, we will give them a path to legalization in America. These are young people who know no other country. These are young people raised in America, edu-cated in our educational system—at the expense of our taxpayers, I might add. They have been successful in life and want to continue to be a part of America. They only know one flag—the one they pledge allegiance to every morning in their classroom, which is the same one we on the Senate Floor. They only know one national anthem. Yet they are being told by the Repub-licans they should leave. 
How many are there? We estimate 2 
million across our country. There are 600,000 who have signed up for Presi-dent Obama’s protection program, called DACA, which says that on a 2- year basis they will not be deported. What the Republicans have said is: We want to deport these DREAMers—2 million of them—and let’s start with the 600,000 who have stepped up for pro-tection from deportation. So they are risking funding the Department of Homeland Security in order to make their point that DREAMers have to go. 
Well, let’s at least take a look at one 
of these DREAMers and understand the kind of people we are talking about. 
This is Johana Mejias. Johana was brought to the United States from Ven-ezuela when she was a child. She grew up in Boulder, CO. She played on her high school softball team. She played viola in the orchestra and dreamed of becoming a doctor. Here is what Johana said about her childhood: 
I’ve become a Boulderite in all aspects of 
that word. That town, with those beautiful mountains, is truly my home. 
In 2011 Johana graduated from the 
University of Colorado at Boulder with a double major. I am going to try to de-scribe her major, but as a liberal arts lawyer I may get lost in some of these scientific terms. Here was Johana’s major at the University of Colorado: molecular, cellular, and developmental biology, and psychology-neuroscience. 
Johana finished at the University of 
Colorado without any government as-sistance because she is undocumented. She made it through these challenging majors, graduating with this double major. Her dream? To become a doctor. It was a dream she thought might never come to be because she is un-documented. She literally has no coun-try. Then something happened. In 2012 President Barack Obama signed an Ex-ecutive order called DACA, and Johana heard there was actually a medical school that was willing to admit stu-dents who qualified under this DACA protection—Loyola University Stritch College of Medicine in the city of Chi-cago. She couldn’t believe it, and she applied quickly. Johana was accepted because she is an extraordinarily bright and promising young medical student. 
Like many States across the coun-
try, my home State of Illinois faces a shortage of physicians in some commu-nities. Loyola University decided if a DACA-protected young graduate is willing to come here and qualifies in the competitive field of admissions to medical school, they can come to Loy-ola medical school if they promise to give 1 year of service after they are doctors for every year of medical school, and if they promise to go to an underserved area in the inner city or rural areas where there are not enough doctors. Johana signed up for that. She said it was worth it. She would give 1 year of her life for each year of medical school if she was just given a chance to become a doctor. 
This DACA loan program we have 
created is one that allows these stu-dents to receive the loans they need to finish at Loyola medical school. Last fall Johana began medical school at Loyola. I was there on one of her first days, and I met her. She is even more impressive than anything I could say in this speech. After she graduates, she has agreed to stay in my State of Illi-nois to help people who need a doctor. 
Here is what she wrote to me in a let-
ter about her life experience: 
When the year 2012 came along, my life 
changed. My dreams of becoming a doctor became a possibility again because of DACA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.003 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S876 February 10, 2015 
I was now able to apply to medical intern-
ship programs, take the medical school in-tern exam, and apply to medical school, all because of my DACA status. DACA has de-fined my path. DACA has relit a fire within to succeed and continue to pursue my dreams. 
Isn’t that an amazing story—that a 
young girl would come here, realize she was undocumented, fight her way through for a bachelor’s degree in these challenging subjects, continuing to keep alive the dream that maybe, just maybe something would happen to give her a chance to become a doctor? Then the President signs this Executive order, and now she is in medical school. 
Because this medical school is in Chi-
cago, my State is going to benefit when 
she becomes a doctor because she will go to one of my down-State commu-nities that is begging for a doctor. She will go to one of the inner-city neigh-borhoods in Chicago and serve people who are struggling to get basic medical care. 
What an amazing story—an amazing 
story that will come to a bitter end if the Republicans have their way on this bill. 
The Republican answer to Johana is: 
After all of your life’s work, after all of your dreams are fulfilled, leave—leave America. They are prepared to deport her and 600,000 others just like her. They think America will be a better nation if we get rid of someone like Johana. What are they thinking? 
They are challenging the very fund-
ing of the Department of Homeland Se-curity with this strategy of deporting the DREAMers. It doesn’t make any sense. Whether you are conservative or liberal, this makes no sense—to spend $9,000 to deport her instead of finding $9,000 to help her finish medical school and be part of America’s future. 
We are a nation of immigrants. My 
mother was an immigrant to this coun-try, and I stand on the floor of the Sen-ate proudly representing the State of Illinois. That is my story. That is my family’s story. That is America’s story. 
Those who have devised a strategy— 
what I consider to be a divisive, nega-tive, hateful strategy—toward young people such as her are not thinking clearly about who we are as Americans. We are a nation of immigrants. People from all across this world have had the courage to pick up and come to Amer-ica, to work some of the toughest, dirtiest, hardest jobs so their kids, such as Johana, would have a chance for a better future. That story has been repeated over and over millions of times. Republicans, with their strat-egy, their anti-immigration strategy, would kill that dream, kill that story. 
I hope we have the good sense to fund 
the Department of Homeland Security. If there is going to be a debate about the DREAMers and their future, count me in. I want to be part of it. I want to come to the floor and tell these stories about real lives affected by these polit-ical decisions, and I trust in the out-come in the Senate. But don’t stop the funding for the Department of Home-land Security in the meantime. Let us 
make sure we are committed to our heritage as a nation of immigrants and to our future where young people like Johana can be a bright part of tomor-row for so many needy people across America. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Feb. 9, 2015] 
CAN THE GOP C HANGE ? 
Republicans in Congress are off to a less 
than flying start after a month in power, di-viding their own conference more than Democrats. Take the response to President Obama’s immigration order, which seems headed for failure if not a more spectacular crack-up. 
That decree last November awarded work 
permits and de facto legal status to millions of undocumented aliens and dismayed mem-bers of both parties, whatever their immigra-tion views. A Congressional resolution to vindicate the rule of law and the Constitu-tion’s limits on executive power was defen-sible, and even necessary, but this message has long ago been lost in translation. 
The Republican leadership funded the rest 
of the government in December’s budget deal but isolated the Department of Homeland Security that enforces immigration law. DHS funding runs out this month, and the GOP has now marched itself into another box canyon. 
The specific White House abuse was claim-
ing prosecutorial discretion to exempt whole classes of aliens from deportation, dumping the historical norm of case-by-case scrutiny. A GOP sniper shot at this legal overreach would have forced Democrats to go on record, picked up a few supporters, and per-haps even imposed some accountability on Mr. Obama. 
But that wasn’t enough for immigration 
restrictionists, who wanted a larger brawl, and they browbeat GOP leaders into adding needless policy amendments. The House reached back to rescind Mr. Obama’s en-forcement memos from 2011 that instructed Homeland Security to prioritize deporta-tions of illegals with criminal backgrounds. That is legitimate prosecutorial discretion, and in opposing it Republicans are under-mining their crime-fighting credentials. 
The House even adopted a provision to roll 
back Mr. Obama’s 2012 order deferring depor-tation for young adults brought to the U.S. illegally as children by their parents—the so- called dreamers. The GOP lost 26 of its own Members on that one, passing it with only 218 votes. 
The overall $40 billion DHS spending bill 
passed with these riders, 236–191, but with 10 Republicans joining all but two Democrats in opposition. This lack of GOP unity re-duced the chances that Senate Democrats would feel any political pressure to go along. 
And, lo, on Thursday the House bill failed 
for the third time to gain the 60 votes needed to overcome the third Democratic filibuster in three days. Swing-state Democrats like Indiana’s Joe Donnelly and North Dakota’s Heidi Heitkamp aren’t worried because they have more than enough material to portray Republicans as the immigration extremists. 
Whatever their view of Mr. Obama’s order, 
why would Democrats vote to deport people who were brought here as kids through no fault of their own? Mr. Obama issued a veto threat to legislation that will never get to his desk, and he must be delighted that Re-publicans are fighting with each other rather than with him. 
Restrictionists like Sens. Ted Cruz and 
Jeff Sessions are offering their familiar ad-vice to fight harder and hold firm against 
‘‘executive amnesty,’’ but as usual their strategy for victory is nowhere to be found. So Republicans are now heading toward the same cul de sac that they did on the ObamaCare government shutdown. 
If Homeland Security funding lapses on 
Feb. 27, the agency will be pushed into a par-tial shutdown even as the terrorist threat is at the forefront of public attention with the Charlie Hebdo and Islamic State murders. Imagine if the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, a unit of DHS, fails to inter-cept an Islamic State agent en route to De-troit. 
So Republicans are facing what is likely to 
be another embarrassing political retreat and more intra-party recriminations. The GOP’s restrictionist wing will blame the leadership for a failure they share responsi-bility for, and the rest of America will won-der anew about the gang that couldn’t shoot straight. 
The restrictionist caucus can protest all it 
wants, but it can’t change 54 Senate votes into 60 without persuading some Democrats. It’s time to find another strategy. Our advice on immigration is to promote discrete bills that solve specific problems such as green cards for math-science-tech graduates, more H–1B visas, a guest-worker program for agri-culture, targeted enforcement and legal sta-tus for the dreamers. Democrats would be hard-pressed to oppose them and it would put the onus back on Mr. Obama. But if that’s too much for the GOP, then move on from immigration to something else. 
It’s not too soon to say that the fate of the 
GOP majority is on the line. Precious weeks are wasting, and the combination of weak House leadership and a rump minority un-willing to compromise is playing into Demo-cratic hands. This is no way to run a Con-gressional majority, and the only winners of GOP dysfunction will be Mr. Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we con-
tinue to debate the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act, of course, is the effort we passed in the Senate to try to make America a bet-ter place for those who need health in-surance. 
Our goal was accessibility, to make 
sure more and more people would have access to affordable health care. Our goals tried to transform health care into something that was more preven-tive, something that reduced the likeli-hood that someone would be hospital-ized or have a serious disease. Our goal was to try to make certain we created incentives within the practice of medi-cine—for quality care, not the most ex-pensive care. And we have achieved many of those goals in the first year. 
Some 10 million Americans now have 
access to health insurance through the Affordable Care Program, and yet the Republicans in the House, as late as last week, for the 56th time voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
Now we might ask ourselves: What do 
they want to replace it with? They surely wouldn’t just walk away from it. And the answer is: They don’t have a replacement. They are so determined to kill this program. I will say to their credit that two Republican Senators have stepped up and said: Here is what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.004 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S877 February 10, 2015 
we would suggest as an alternative. I 
will acknowledge they are the first, I believe, after all these years, to actu-ally step up with a proposal. But it is important for us to take a close look at this proposal. 
This new plan which the Republicans 
offered does not offer the same protec-tion when it comes to insuring people with preexisting conditions. Does any-one know a person in their family or a friend with a preexisting medical con-dition? Everybody’s hand ought to go up because we all do. Everybody has somebody in their family with some history—a history that, in the old days, would disqualify them from health insurance or end up with pre-miums they couldn’t afford. The new Republican approach to replace the current protection of people with pre-existing conditions doesn’t give the same opportunity for health insurance for those people. That, to me, is a fatal flaw. 
Secondly, we decided we would make 
prescription drugs under Medicare for seniors more affordable. We used to have something called the doughnut hole. It cost seniors over $1,000 a year to pay for their prescription drugs. We started closing that doughnut hole, and it saves on average in Illinois, for every senior citizen, $780 a year. So that is $780 for these seniors to have in their savings, in their checkbook. The new Republican approach, the Hatch-Burr program, eliminates that and we go back to the doughnut hole. We go back to this debt. 
Sadly, it doesn’t provide the Med-
icaid coverage which people in low-in-come categories need. Take a close look at Medicaid. The vast majority of people receiving Medicaid benefits in America are children and pregnant moms. When we cut back on Medicaid, as this Hatch-Burr proposal does, we do it at their expense. But the largest number in terms of dollars spent who 
receive these benefits are those in nursing homes who are broke. 
Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, 
keep them alive. When we cut back on Medicaid, cut back on reimbursements to the nursing home, the obvious ques-tion is: What is going to happen to grandma? What is going to happen to mom? 
So when they start cutting back on 
Medicaid, look long and hard. The peo-ple whom we are protecting on Med-icaid Programs are some of the most vulnerable in America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I was lis-
tening to what the Senator from Illi-nois was saying. I could not say it as well as he did, but I agree with every single word he said and I suspect that Vermonters, Republicans and Demo-crats alike, agree with what he said. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, almost 2 
weeks ago the Attorney General nomi-nee, Loretta Lynch, came before the 
Senate Judiciary Committee and testi-fied for nearly 8 hours. As one who has heard Attorneys General nominees tes-tify for the past 40 years, I cannot think of anybody who did a better job. She was clear and concise. She is a prosecutor’s prosecutor. She has also responded to more than 600 written questions. Many of them have abso-lutely nothing to do with whether she is qualified for the job or not. But peo-ple felt they had to send in these ques-tions for whatever reason—and she re-sponded to them all, whether they were relevant or not. And when she is con-firmed, she will be the first African- 
American woman to serve as the Attor-ney General of the United States in our Nation’s history. A majority of mem-bers of the committee, both Republican and Democratic, have said they intend to support her confirmation. I am con-fident she has the votes to be con-firmed by the full Senate. 
But as of today it has been 94 days 
since the President announced the nomination of Ms. Lynch. Her nomina-tion has been pending longer than any modern Attorney General nominee. We should all be able to agree that con-firming the top law enforcement posi-tion should be an urgent priority of the Senate. At a time when we face all kinds of threats from terrorists—both outside our borders and within our bor-ders—we should all be united in con-firming an Attorney General nominee like Loretta Lynch. She has the experi-ence of successfully prosecuting nu-merous terrorists, people who others said we should be afraid to prosecute and that we should lock them up in Guantanamo in case they are not con-victed. Ms. Lynch has obtained those convictions and those terrorist are locked away in Federal prisons right now. 
This Thursday, the Senate Judiciary 
Committee has the opportunity to vote on her nomination. I have heard that even though she has already waited longer than any other modern Attor-ney General nominee to be confirmed, some Republicans are considering de-laying the important vote for her for two more weeks. Under our committee rule, they have the right to do so. But I urge them not to do so. 
Loretta Lynch’s qualifications are 
beyond reproach. She has been con-firmed by the Senate twice before to serve as the top federal prosecutor based in Brooklyn, NY, one of the most significant prosecutors’ offices in this country. Incidentally, she was con-firmed both times unanimously. Under her leadership, the U.S. Attorney’s Of-fice for the Eastern District of New York has brought terrorists to justice, obtained convictions against both Re-publicans and Democrats in public cor-ruption cases, and fought tirelessly against violent crime and financial fraud. It would be hard to find any prosecutor in this country in any ad-ministration who has a better record than she does, and her record shows that as Attorney General, Ms. Lynch 
will effectively, fairly, and independ-ently enforce the law. 
Now, thinking back to 2007 when Mi-
chael Mukasey was nominated by President Bush to serve as Attorney General. Now, President Bush was in the end of his term as President. The Democrats had taken over the major-ity in the Senate that year. I served as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. President Bush talked to me and said: we need, of course, an Attor-ney General. I agreed. And I knew that like Ms. Lynch, Mr. Mukasey had been confirmed before by the Senate, and I also knew that this was coming toward the end of the Bush Presidency. Now, ultimately I voted against Mr. Mukasey because of his responses re-lating to questions on torture. But even though I was going to vote against him, I proceeded with his nomi-nation in a very prompt manner. 
It took just 53 days from the an-
nouncement of Mr. Mukasey’s nomina-tion to his confirmation. It has been 94 days for Ms. Lynch. Her nomination is needlessly on track to take more than twice the amount of time it took a Democratic-led Senate to confirm President Bush’s nominee. After Mr. Mukasey’s hearing, Senate Democrats could have held his nomination over in committee, but we did not. In fact, I had to hold a special markup to report his nomination out of committee as soon as possible. And he was confirmed 2 days later. Republicans should extend the same courtesy to expedite Ms. Lynch’s nomination, as we did to Mr. Mukasey’s. 
Last week the Secretary of Defense 
nominee testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee—last week—and his nomination will be re-ported to the floor today. His nomina-tion is expected to be confirmed by the end of the week. Now, I agree the De-fense Secretary is a critically impor-tant position to fill, and I will vote for him. But so is the Nation’s top law en-forcement officer. I urge Senate Repub-licans to allow a vote on Ms. Lynch’s nomination before we adjourn for a week-long recess. Please, don’t treat her differently than we treated Mr. Mukasey. We were able to give him an expedited procedure. She has already waited much longer than he did. Don’t make her wait even longer. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DARN TOUGH SOCKS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, in 
Vermont, small businesses are the foundation of our State’s economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.006 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S878 February 10, 2015 
They spur economic growth and create 
jobs. One such place is Darn Tough Socks—which sounds like a very small place, but it is not. They decided we should have upscale brand quality socks with a lifetime guarantee, pro-duced in America, and not—like so many other things—have to be ex-ported from other companies. They have done a huge amount of charity work in our State. But they are also one who shows that jobs can be created in America and can thrive in America. 
As I said, in Vermont, small busi-
nesses are the foundation of our State’s economy, and are incubators of innova-tion that spur economic growth, create jobs, and promote the quality that is 
known as the Vermont Brand. I am proud of the many Vermont success stories that often start out as a family business—sometimes located in an old farm house or tool shed—and mature into world-class operations that sup-port and benefit the communities in which they operate. Our Nation’s econ-omy is growing, but in today’s fast- changing business environments, the status quo is no longer enough. Darn Tough Vermont in Northfield, VT, is one such business that is not just sur-viving, but is thriving, in part because of its evolution in today’s global mar-ketplace, but most importantly, be-cause of the dedicated workers that help the business grow. Darn Tough, a brand launched from its parent com-pany, Cabot Hosiery Mills, exemplifies Vermonters’ spirit of entrepreneurship, creativity, perseverance, and old fash-ioned hard work. 
Darn Tough’s President and CEO Ric 
Cabot grew up thinking about socks. After all, Ric’s grandfather and father succeeded in partnering their Vermont private-label sock company with na-tional outlet stores. For a while, Cabot Hosiery Mills enjoyed growing sales, but 10 years ago, the mill saw their sales take a considerable hit, as their customers shifted business overseas. Ric stepped in to help his family navi-gate the uncertainty that lay ahead. The solution to their problem was a long process that led to the establish-ment of Darn Tough, an upscale brand of quality socks with a lifetime guar-antee. Like so many other businesses, the Cabots did not move jobs offshore; they maintained the Cabot promise of quality while ensuring future employ-ment to over 150 Vermonters. It is be-cause of their belief in their product, and a nimble business approach, that a 36-year-old company has kept its doors open and continues to create jobs for Vermonters. Their most recent an-nouncement that they intend to ex-pand their Northfield, VT, mill by 100,000 square feet will result in an ad-ditional 50 jobs to the Northfield area. 
Darn Tough, its leadership and its 
employees, are part of the fabric of the community. Most recently, the com-pany donated complimentary socks for participants in the 20th anniversary of the Penguin Plunge, a fundraiser for the Special Olympics Vermont athletes who will compete in this year’s winter 
games, for participants who raise $520 or more. This is just another example of how Vermont businesses give back, even in the toughest of times. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that an article from the Vermont Digger, dated February 8, 2015, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Vermont Digger, Feb. 8, 2015] 
DARNTOUGH SOCKFACTORY EXPANSION WILL 
ADD250 TO300 J OBS IN NORTHFIELD  
(By C.B. Hall) 
For Northfield, the news couldn’t be bet-
ter. Cabot Hosiery Mills, which has been making its Darn Tough wool socks since 2003, announced this month it is embarking on an expansion that will add 100,000 square feet—more than two acres—to its plant by the end of 2016. 
CEO and president Ric Cabot expects the 
new facility will add 250 to 300 new jobs to the mill’s payroll over the next five years. One new manufacturing position typically creates 1.6 additional local jobs in the serv-ice sector, according to the federal Advanced Manufacturing National Program Office, meaning that those new positions will trans-late into as many as 780 new jobs for the community as a whole. The expansion will make Cabot the town’s second-largest em-ployer, after Norwich University. 
Cabot Hosiery sales have increased by 60 
percent in each of the past five years. 
The addition to the plant, which will near-
ly triple the current square footage of the factory, will ‘‘meet and get out ahead of cus-tomer demand,’’ Cabot says. 
The new space will be attached to the 
present facility, and will be designed so that more space can be added in the future. ‘‘Right now we’re looking out five to six years,’’ he says. 
While other companies have outsourced 
manufacturing overseas, Cabot Hosiery kept its operations in Vermont and went after the high end sock market. 
‘‘There isn’t one thing that makes us suc-
cessful,’’ Cabot says. ‘‘I’m the third genera-tion in my family in the sock business. There’s socks in the blood.’’ 
Ric Cabot’s father, Marc Cabot, launched 
the firm in 1978, vowing that ‘‘knitting is going to come back to New England,’’ ac-cording to a trade press article still hanging on the plant lobby’s wall. 
‘‘Up until 2003 we were making socks for 
other people, like Gap and Banana Repub-lic,’’ Ric Cabot continues the story. 
When the big retailers began to buy socks 
from offshore companies demand plummeted. Cabot says in the early 2000s the hosiery mill almost went out of business. The company reduced the workforce and cut health insur-ance and 401(k) plans for workers. The plant operated four days a week. 
‘‘I took it upon myself to come up with 
something unique, something different, something that we could sell [and] I came up with Darn Tough. I gave away 3,500 pairs at the Vermont City Marathon and people liked them.’’ 
A dozen years later, Cabot hails Northfield 
as ‘‘the sock capital of the world.’’ The brand name for a new line of socks he developed— Darn Tough Vermont—not only refers to the quality of the Merino wool used in the socks, but also ‘‘to coming through the hardships [of the early 2000s]—to having to climb out of the hole we were in. The deck was beginning to be stacked against the domestic manufac-turer.’’ In his view, the company has thrived on 
adversity. ‘‘The harder it is, the tougher it is, the better it is. If it’s easy, what’s the point?’’ Today he estimates Chinese socks are worn by 60 to 75 percent of the nation’s population, while the rest of the hosiery sold in the U.S. comes from Mexico, Honduras, Vietnam, or Canada. Domestic production accounts for less than 10 percent of the trade, and U.S. sock manufacturers number fewer than 50, he says. Cabot operates the only sock mill in New England. 
‘‘The ones that are left have focused on 
quality, a premium product, with price not the driving factor in the sale.’’ That puts Cabot Hosiery in a narrow market niche of the sort that has also sustained Vermont en-terprises like Wall Goldfinger, or Morrisville stove manufacturer Hearthstone, or even the state’s craft brewers. 
‘‘Nobody ever outsourced anything for the 
quality,’’ he says. 
Sheep in Australia, New Zealand and the 
U.S. Southwest supply 100 percent of Cabot’s wool, while the socks are sold in national and international markets. In this global business environment, the Darn Tough brand projects a clear pride of place in its adver-tising slogan ‘‘still Made In Vermont, USA.’’ 
Cabot’s expansion is especially welcome 
news in the town of Northfield, which is reel-ing from job losses. 
Jeff Schulz, Northfield’s town manager, 
says ‘‘the town’s had some challenges.’’ 
Wall Goldfinger, the high-end furniture 
company that employed 45 workers in Northfield, moved to Randolph in 2012 rather than cope with the possibility of flooding out again. Wall Goldfinger’s plant floor was dam-aged by floodwaters from the Dog River dur-ing Tropical Storm Irene in August 2011. 
The local economy will lose another 55 to 
60 jobs when Northfield Savings Bank, a local fixture since the 19th century, moves its corporate headquarters to Berlin in four months. 
Jane Kolodinsky, who chairs the Depart-
ment of Community Development and Ap-plied Economics at the University of Vermont, is optimistic about Northfield’s prospects. 
‘‘The fact that they do have a university 
there, that is definitely going to be a help,’’ she says. ‘‘Then, with Cabot Hosiery, you’re going to have two stable employers. You’ve got enough to support some sort of economic base for the community.’’ 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, for the 
past week Democrats in the Senate have been filibustering a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of the fiscal year. They object to the bill because it does not fund President Obama’s Executive overreach on immigration—despite the fact that the President spent years de-claring he didn’t have the constitu-tional authority to grant amnesty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.008 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S879 February 10, 2015 
Quoting what the President told an 
audience on July 25, 2011: 
Believe me, the idea of doing things on my 
own is very tempting, I promise you. Not just on immigration reform. But that’s not how our system works. That’s not how our 
democracy functions. That is not how our Constitution is written. 
On January 30, 2013, the President 
stated, ‘‘I am not a king. . . . I am re-quired to follow the law.’’ 
That same day he said: 
If this was an issue I could do unilaterally, 
I would have done it a long time ago. . . . The way our system works is Congress has to pass legislation. I then get an opportunity to sign it and implement it. 
Well, President Obama was right. 
The Constitution does not give the President authority to make laws. It is Congress’s job to make laws, and it is the President’s job to execute them. Clearly, based on these statements, the President knows that. He has reiter-ated that sentiment more than 20 times over the past few years. Yet a few months ago he decided to ignore the law and the Constitution in an at-tempt to make immigration law by Ex-ecutive fiat. How can he possibly jus-tify that? 
Members of his own party were trou-
bled by that decision. 
‘‘I have to be honest, how this is 
coming about makes me uncomfort-able,’’ said a colleague from the State of Missouri back in November. 
The junior Senator from Indiana said 
that ‘‘the President shouldn’t make such significant policy changes on his own.’’ 
The junior Senator from Minnesota 
admitted, ‘‘I have concerns about exec-utive action.’’ 
‘‘I also frankly am concerned about 
the constitutional separation of pow-ers,’’ said the Independent Senator from the State of Maine. 
Many Democrats here in the Senate 
Chamber, as well as an Independent, have expressed their reservations and their concerns about how the President has proceeded. Democrats are right to be concerned, which makes it particu-larly troubling that Democrats are now trying to shut down the Department of Homeland Security to protect the President’s overreach because, make no mistake, Democrats are refusing to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity unless funding is provided for the President’s unconstitutional at-tempt to make his own immigration laws. 
If Democrats don’t like this bill, they 
should vote to debate the measure and offer amendments to fix the parts they don’t like. Republicans are ready and willing to entertain Democrats’ amend-ments. In fact, the Republican leader has offered to let Democrats alternate amendments with Republicans on a one-to-one basis. An open debate is what the Senate is known for on a big issue. If Democrats want to fund ac-tions that even they have admitted are troubling, they are welcome to offer an amendment to provide that funding. They have that opportunity. What we are talking about is the Re-
publican leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , 
offering an open process—something that we have talked about since we be-came the majority, something that we were denied in the last session of Con-gress when we were in the minority. We have the opportunity to have an open debate, offer amendments, and vote on those amendments. That is pre-cisely what majority leader Senator M
CCONNELL has put forward. He has 
given Democrats that option. 
Let’s put the bill on the floor. We 
will have a chance to offer amend-ments. If Democrats don’t like what is in the bill, they will have an oppor-tunity to offer amendments, have that debate, and vote. 
Democrats need to stop their ob-
struction and move forward on this bill. Blocking all funding to the De-partment of Homeland Security is not a responsible solution, especially when the Democrats are blocking the bill solely to protect Presidential actions that the President himself has admit-ted are unconstitutional and outside the scope of his authority. 
We can end all this gridlock that is 
existing right now on the Senate floor simply by the Democrats allowing us to get on this bill and end the fili-buster. Give us an opportunity to de-bate and offer amendments. Let’s have that debate—a debate that is clearly important to a lot of people across this country and certainly a lot of people here in the Chamber of the Senate. We are going to be denied that opportunity if the current filibuster and current blocking of even getting on that legis-lation continues by the Democrats. 
f 
FOREIGN POLICY 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I would 
also like to take a few minutes today to discuss the President’s foreign pol-icy or lack thereof. ‘‘Lack thereof’’ seems to be the most accurate descrip-tion of the President’s lead-from-be-hind foreign policy. Whether it is a Russian proxy war in Ukraine or the use of chemical weapons in Syria, the President is slow to respond and un-clear about American goals even when he does. 
Months after the ascension of ISIS— 
a terrorist organization so radical that even Al Qaeda considers it to be too ex-treme—the President still hasn’t laid out a strategy for combating this threat. ISIS represents a horrifying new nadir in the annals of terrorism. There is apparently no act of brutality this organization rejects. Yet a clear plan for defeating ISIS has yet to be articulated. 
This week the President is finally 
supposed to send Congress an author-ization for the use of military force against ISIS. I look forward to exam-ining that authorization. Since ISIS first emerged, the President has had the authority he needs to go after this terrorist group, but I think seeking ad-ditional authorization from Congress is wise, and I hope it will help define his 
strategy for combating this enemy and supporting our partners in this fight. 
America clearly cannot fix all the 
world’s problems, but we can help. We can build a coalition, and we can lead. We can give our commanders in the field the tools they need to meet our clear and growing threats. 
Six years of indecision, mistakes, and 
Presidential irresolution has dimin-ished America’s image with our allies. The triumph of the President’s polit-ical calculus over clear military and diplomatic objectives has made the world less safe, not more. Now more than ever we need a clearly articulated 
foreign policy from the President and the commitment to back it up. 
Later this week we will consider the 
nomination of Ash Carter to be Sec-retary of Defense. Dr. Carter seems to be a very capable individual, and I be-lieve he will serve our country well. But changing personnel alone won’t fix the President’s foreign policy prob-lems. Even a very capable Secretary of Defense cannot succeed if his hands are tied by the lack of a coherent strategy from the President. 
As crises multiply around the world, 
the President needs to provide the leadership that is required from our Commander in Chief. Whether it is de-feating ISIS, standing up to Russia, or confronting Iran’s nuclear ambition, it is high time we saw the leadership from our President that our country needs and deserves. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, fund-
ing for the Department of Homeland Security runs out in 17 days. Rather than working with Democrats to pass a clean Department of Homeland Secu-rity appropriations bill, many Repub-licans are prioritizing politics over our national security. 
With threats emerging every day 
both at home and abroad, casting doubt on future funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security is a ter-rible idea. Shutting down DHS has real consequences, especially in border States such as New Mexico. A DHS shutdown would threaten public safety, hinder interstate commerce, hurt our economy, and jeopardize critical fund-ing for State, local, and tribal govern-ment activities. 
Some of my Republican colleagues 
are willing to let these consequences happen because they have an immigra-tion policy disagreement with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.011 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S880 February 10, 2015 
President. That is no way to govern, 
and it is not real leadership. 
As a border State, New Mexico plays 
a critical role in protecting our home-land. DHS Customs and Border Protec-tion agents and officers at New Mexi-co’s two ports of entry at Columbus and Santa Teresa are responsible for maintaining our security and for screening vehicles and would-be cross-ers. These public servants put in long hours in order to keep all of us safe. They apprehend drug smugglers, human traffickers, and gang members. They also play a direct role in facili-tating critical trade and interstate commerce between the United States and Mexico. That impacts our economy in New Mexico, particularly in Hidalgo, Luna, and Dona Ana Counties. 
New Mexico is a growing inter-
national trade center and the Colum-bus and Santa Teresa ports of entry are key to growing the diversity of my State’s economy. 
Recently, a House Republican said 
that if we run out of DHS funding, ‘‘it’s not the end of the world.’’ I disagree, and so do many of my constituents. 
Let me be clear about what a DHS 
shutdown would mean for New Mexico. It would impact our Southeast Federal Law Enforcement Training Center in Artesia. This facility trains our Cus-toms and Border Protection agents and officers. It would also compromise sheriff and city police departments across the State who use DHS funding to increase personnel and purchase equipment. Moreover, DHS helps fund some of our most important security programs such as the New Mexico All Source Intelligence Center, a public safety partnership based out of Santa Fe that is designed to collect, analyze, and disseminate intelligence. 
A shutdown would also risk impor-
tant DHS grant funding for New Mex-ico at the Department of Homeland Se-curity and Emergency Management. This agency works closely with DHS to aid communities after natural disas-ters. In times of crisis, DHS works hand-in-glove with the State of New Mexico. 
For example, last year severe thun-
derstorms and floods caused disruption of oil and gas development, agricul-tural losses, and extensive damage to critical infrastructure across New Mex-ico, hitting counties such as Colfax, Eddy, Lea, Lincoln, Otero, San Miguel, Santa Fe, and Sierra. 
FEMA, an agency under DHS, worked 
collaboratively to help these commu-nities rebuild and recover. In fact, since 2002, New Mexico has received more than $238 million in DHS grant funds. These resources provide state-wide hazard mitigation assistance and help repair damaged roads, bridges, and low-water crossings after these disas-ters. 
As current cabinet secretary-des-
ignate for the New Mexico Department of Homeland Security and Emergency Management Mitchell Jay puts it, a DHS shutdown would: . . . have a very negative effect. We’ll lose 
our grant funding for local and State emer-gency managers. We fund a portion of their salaries through DHS grants, and we can’t, nor can the counties and municipalities, af-ford to absorb those costs at this time. . . . We can’t afford to lose our emergency man-agers, they’re key representatives in our communities who help develop mitigation plans for all types of emergencies. They’re our first line of defense should any emer-gencies occur at the local level. 
These examples are just a glimpse at 
the security, economic, and emergency risks of allowing DHS funding to ex-pire. 
Former Department of Homeland Se-
curity Secretaries Tom Ridge, Michael Chertoff, and Janet Napolitano joined in a bipartisan call for Congress to act swiftly and remove uncertainty from an agency in charge of keeping us safe. 
A Department of Homeland Security 
shutdown would also either furlough DHS employees or require many of them to work without a paycheck. That means men and women who work tirelessly to keep our Nation safe would have to live with the uncer-tainty of whether they are able to sup-port their families. 
DHS workers don’t deserve that. 
They shouldn’t be collateral damage in an ongoing ideological battle here in Washington, DC. I would like to believe a debate such as this would be about the merits of DHS funding and the DHS funding bill, but unfortunately that is not the case. This debate is about Re-publicans picking a political fight with the President over an immigration sys-tem we all recognize is broken. As a way to vent their frustrations, Repub-licans are unfairly targeting undocu-mented students known as DREAMers. At times such as this, one is forced to wonder if some on the far right fear DREAMers more than ISIL. But we are not a country that kicks out our best and brightest students. We are not a nation that separates families. 
I have met many DREAMers over the 
past 10 years in New Mexico. They are smart, they are hardworking, and most of them don’t know how to be anything but an American. They grew up here, and they want to give back. I have heard their stories. I have read their letters. 
For example, there is a bright young 
New Mexican named Yuri. Her family emigrated from Mexico to the United States when she was 2 years old. As a student at Highland High School in my neighborhood in Albuquerque, Yuri vol-unteered in our community. She served as student body president. She grad-uated in the top 10 percent of her class, and she received the 2013 Sandia Na-tional Laboratories scholarship. 
In 2013, she was approved for Deferred 
Action for Childhood Arrivals—known as DACA—and is currently studying chemical engineering at the University of New Mexico. She wants to use her degree to enter the medical field. 
Less than 2 years ago, after much de-
bate and compromise, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration re-form bill. That bill would have modern-
ized our immigration system to meet the needs of our economy. It would have provided an accountable pathway to earn citizenship for the undocu-mented workers currently living in the shadows in our country. It would have dramatically strengthened security at our borders. 
Accountable immigration reform re-
ceived 68 votes in this body and dem-onstrated the kind of legislation and the kind of leadership that is possible when we work together. The American people are frustrated with the gridlock here in Washington, DC. Frankly, I don’t blame them. We need pragmatic solutions to fix our immigration sys-tem, but withholding DHS funding and jeopardizing our national security is not a solution. In fact, I would say it is emblematic of what is broken. Instead of focusing on deporting some of our country’s brightest students, I would urge my Republican colleagues in the House and in the Senate to direct their attention to the real threats our coun-try faces—the gang members, the drug traffickers, the cyber hackers, and the terrorists. Let’s work together to make sure the Department of Homeland Se-curity is adequately funded. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to 
urge the Senate to take up a clean Homeland Security appropriations bill and pass it without further delay. I know we have had several votes on the floor on proceeding to the bill, but I would urge the leadership to make it clear that we stand on record for a clean Homeland Security appropria-tions bill. 
We have an obligation to protect the 
American people. Given the terrorist threat we face both at home and abroad, it is irresponsible to continue to fund the Department of Homeland Security with short-term budgets and bring them to the edge of an agency shutdown. We also should not force hard-working Federal workers to stand in the crossfire between Congress and the President. 
Providing the resources our Federal, 
State, and local law enforcement offi-cers need to carry out their vital around-the-clock mission should not be caught up in partisan political dis-agreements. We need a clean appropria-tions bill for the Department of Home-land Security. 
We face a dangerous world today in 
light of recent terrorist attacks throughout Europe, Asia, and North America, and the ongoing threat of ISIS. I know I express the views of all Members of the Senate in expressing our deep condolences and prayers for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.012 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S881 February 10, 2015 
the Kayla Mueller family as we learn 
today of her fate at the hands of ISIS. ISIS is actively recruiting foreign fighters, who are being radicalized and then returned to their home countries, including countries in Europe and North America. 
We need to fully fund without further 
delay, uncertainty, or another short- term budget the critical homeland se-curity, law enforcement, and intel-ligence activities and programs of the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mr. President, we are now 4 months 
into the fiscal year. One-third of the fiscal year is already over for the De-partment of Homeland Security. We should not keep funding DHS on short- term budgets. No agency or private business, for that matter, can effec-tively implement a budget and carry out its mission under this type of fi-nancial tightrope. How would you like to run a business not knowing whether your budget is going to be there start-ing March 1? How do you plan? How do you make commitments for the year to carry out your mission when you don’t know whether you are going to have the budget support starting March 1 or whether it is going to be continued on a continuing resolution, whether you are going to have to go through a gov-ernment shutdown or whether you are going to have a budget? You can’t run an agency that way. 
DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson has stat-
ed that if Congress continues to fund his agency on short-term budgets, it will harm its mission and programs at the agency. We created the Department of Homeland Security in response to the devastating attacks on our country on September 11. 
For example, short-term funding may 
limit more aggressive counterterror-ism efforts, weaken our cyber security protections against hackers trying to corrupt or steal our data, delay en-hancements to aviation security, slow down new border security initiatives, and defer new grants to State and local law enforcement. DHS may have to delay or postpone contract awards and new acquisitions, which also hurts small businesses and our economy. DHS will have to scale back employee training and postpone the hiring of new personnel. 
We have broad bipartisan support on 
almost all aspects of this $40 billion Homeland Security funding measure. This legislation funds critical agencies, including the Coast Guard; the Trans-portation Security Administration, TSA; the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, FEMA; the Domestic Nu-clear Detection Office; and the Secret Service, just to mention a few of the agencies that come under the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Three former heads of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, both under Democratic and Republican ad-ministrations, recently wrote a letter to Congress urging us to passes a clean Homeland Security appropriations bill and avoid another short-term funding measure or, worse yet, a government 
shutdown of the Department of Home-land Security at the end of February. 
Let me quote from a part of the let-
ter from former Homeland Security Secretaries Ridge, Chertoff, and Napolitano, again representing both Democratic and Republican adminis-trations: 
[W]e write to you today to respectfully re-
quest that you consider decoupling critical legislation to fund DHS in FY ’15 from a leg-islative response to President Obama’s exec-utive action on immigration...The President has said very publicly that he will ‘‘oppose any legislative effort to undermine the exec-utive actions that he’’ has taken on immi-gration. Therefore, by tethering a bill to fund DHS in FY 2015 to a legislative response to the President’s executive action on immi-gration, the likelihood of a DHS shutdown increases. 
The letter continues: 
We do not question your desire to have a 
larger debate about the nation’s immigra-tion laws. However, we cannot emphasize enough that DHS’s responsibilities are much broader than its responsibility to oversee the Federal immigration agencies and to protect our borders. And funding for the entire agen-cy should not be put in jeopardy by the de-bate about immigration...It is imperative that we ensure that DHS is ready, willing and able to protect the American people. To that end, we urge you not to risk funding for the operations that protect every American and to pass a clean DHS funding bill. 
That is from a letter from three 
former Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security who worked for both Democratic and Republican ad-ministrations. 
Mr. President, what if Congress al-
lows DHS funding to lapse on February 27? That is the end of the current fund-ing resolution. We would then ask crit-ical frontline personnel, such as Border Patrol agents and air marshals, to work without pay. That is insulting to those law enforcement officers who are putting their lives on the line to keep Americans safe every day. That is in-sulting to the families of those law en-forcement officers who depend on a steady paycheck to make ends meet. And that is insulting to the American people, who deserve nothing less than world-class service from government officials. 
I must tell you that we have gone 
through government shutdowns before. It hurts people, no question about it. But guess who gets hurt the most. The taxpayers of this country. It ends up costing us more. We don’t save tax-payer dollars. It ends up costing more, jeopardizing the mission, and putting individual families at risk. 
Let me cite one example that many 
of our States and localities know very well. It is the Emergency Management Grant Program. Many local fire, police, and emergency management officials rely on funding from the Homeland Se-curity Grant Program, which provides funds to States, territories, and other local governments to prevent, protect against, and respond to potential ter-rorist attacks and other hazards. This is a program local governments rely upon. They do not know whether they 
are going to get any of these funds after March 1. How do they plan? Local officials as well rely on funding from FEMA’s emergency management per-formance grants. These grants help them to prepare for the unexpected, whether it is a natural disaster or some type of terrorist activity. It allows them to be prepared. We require this training, and it is 50 percent Federal funds and 50 percent local funds. How do they make arrangements to set up this training if they do not know whether the Federal funds are going to be there? 
I can speak for the State of Mary-
land. We have a very tough budget. Our Governor is trying to figure out how he is going to make ends meet. He doesn’t have the resources to advance the Fed-eral share. That is no way for us to work in federalism with our local gov-ernments when we have a partnership to keep everyone safe. 
I can mention many other programs 
that are in jeopardy of not being fund-ed if we don’t pass a clean bill, but let me just in conclusion address the issue of immigration. 
Due to many extraneous amendments 
that were added by the House to the Homeland Security appropriations bill, we have this challenge here in the Sen-ate. The President has made it clear he will veto any bill that expressly limits his authority to exercise prosecutorial discretion on immigration matters. 
While we agree that our current im-
migration system needs comprehensive reform, including border security en-hancements, this appropriations bill is not the place for that debate. No mat-ter what side of this debate you are on, most of us agree that the American im-migration system is badly broken. Comprehensive immigration reform is long overdue. We need a balanced im-migration system that is fair. 
My strong preference is that Con-
gress send the President a comprehen-sive immigration reform bill that he can sign into law. This would provide a more thorough and more permanent so-lution than Executive action. The Sen-ate passed a bipartisan bill in the last Congress, and I am sure we can do so again. My hope is that the House will take it up soon so we can come to-gether in a bipartisan way, reconcile our differences, and pass comprehen-sive immigration reform as a separate bill. 
Funding for the Department of 
Homeland Security expires Friday, February 27, which is now less than 3 weeks away. We are not scheduled to be in session one of those weeks be-cause of the district work period. The Senate should act now to pass a clean Homeland Security bill and send it to the President without further delay. That is in the best interest of the American people. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The Senator from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.014 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S882 February 10, 2015 
PRISON REFORM 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as 
tempted as I am to respond to my good friend from Maryland about the ongo-ing Democratic filibuster of the Home-land Security funding, I want to spend just a few minutes talking about a topic where there is broad and growing consensus, where both parties have found common ground, and I am talk-ing about the issue of reforming Amer-ica’s prison system. 
Pretty much everyone agrees that 
our prisons are dangerously over-crowded. I think there are roughly 215,000 inmates in Federal custody. And everyone pretty much agrees that by 
and large people who are in prison are someday going to get out of prison. That, of course, brings about the con-cern about repeat crimes or recidivism and the fact that it is way too high. I think in many instances it is because we have simply not done enough or maybe have even given up on helping transition people who actually want to transition to a more productive life and providing them with the tools they need to do so. 
The hard part about dealing with 
what I have just described is we have to come up with a solution that ad-dresses these problems without jeop-ardizing public safety. That, obviously, is a given. It is a challenge, to be sure, but it makes it even more important to find bipartisan consensus and to actu-ally accomplish what we can. 
It is in this vein that my colleague 
from Rhode Island, Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE , and I have joined together to in-
troduce a piece of legislation we call the Corrections Oversight, Recidivism Reduction, and Eliminating Costs for Taxpayers in Our National System Act—or CORRECTIONS Act—to reform our Federal prison system. That is quite an acronym. It is a mouthful to be sure. But the point is, this is real meaningful reform of our prison sys-tem at the Federal level. 
Before I describe the specifics of the 
CORRECTIONS Act, I am going to tell a brief story the Presiding Officer is very familiar with of the success in that laboratory of democracy known as the State of Texas. 
Not too long ago Texas lawmakers 
confronted a problem similar to what I have described here at the national level. We had not only growing budgets for prison construction, we had over-crowded prisons and a high rate of criminal recidivism. 
At some point the thought occurred 
to a group of people that just building more prisons wasn’t necessarily the an-swer. It certainly wouldn’t fix the problem on the back end that I de-scribed, of people who would eventually get out of prison not being prepared to reenter civil society. But we tried a dif-ferent approach in Texas: scrapping prison construction plans and instead funding a series of recidivism reduction programs aimed at helping low-risk of-fenders turn their lives around and be-come productive members of society and, just as important, not become 
residents of our prison system once again. These programs are not all that novel. They are well known—things such as drug rehabilitation, edu-cational classes, job training, faith- based initiatives, and something as simple as prison work programs. 
In Texas we gave qualified inmates 
the option of earning credits and com-pleting a portion of their sentence in lower levels of custody—home confine-ment, halfway houses, community su-pervision—which is dramatically cheaper than the big-box prisons that are very expensive. 
The results speak for themselves. Be-
tween 2007 and 2012 our State’s overall incarceration rate fell almost 10 per-cent—9.4 percent—our total crime rate dropped 16 percent, and taxpayers saved more than $2 billion. 
Again, the Presiding Officer knows as 
well, Texas has a certain reputation when it comes to crime. We are not soft on crime. We are tough on crime. We believe if you do the crime, you should do the time. But I think what we have come up with is a model that can be used at the national level. 
Senator W
HITEHOUSE this morning, in 
a press conference we did together, talked about how similar initiatives that took place in Rhode Island pro-duced similar results. But I think one of the keys to this is the recidivism re-duction programs because these have proven successful for medium-risk and low-risk inmates and delivered positive results. 
This bill would also make a number 
of other reforms. I guess perhaps the most important, and the first one I will mention, is a risk assessment program, regular risk assessments for inmates, to determine whether they are a low, medium or high risk of recidivism. In-deed, we would not allow high-risk in-mates to participate in this program of earning good time credit toward less restrictive custody, but they could, if they were motivated enough to change their status from high risk to medium risk. They could then begin that. So the incentives are clearly there. 
These assessments would assign pris-
oners to appropriate programming to ensure the system is working effi-ciently and effectively. In other words, if someone has a mental health issue, obviously they would be directed in a particular way. If somebody doesn’t have employable job skills, obviously that would call for some training pro-gram so they could acquire those kinds of skills. People who have drug and al-cohol problems obviously could be di-rected toward something that could help them learn to free themselves from those challenges. 
To me, one of the great things about 
this particular approach is that it oper-ates on incentives. As an incentive, lower risk offenders who successfully complete their programs would earn up to 25 percent of their remaining sen-tence in home confinement or a half-way house. To be clear, these earned time credits 
would be available only to inmates who have been vetted by the Bureau of Pris-ons and classified as low-risk offenders. 
The Nation’s most violent offenders would be excluded from earning any credit under this legislation. During these budget-constrained times, it is important to point out that this bill would not involve any additional spending. Instead, it would rely on job programs and partnerships of faith- based groups and nonprofits, and the reinvestment potentially of the savings generated by transitioning lower risk offenders to less restrictive forms of custody. 
If it works as it has at the State 
level, it is going to save money because we will be building fewer prisons. In-deed, in Texas I believe we have actu-ally shuttered three existing prison units because we simply don’t need them because of this new approach. 
Make no mistake, though, the pris-
oners eligible for these program are all people who eventually will get out of prison anyway. What we are trying to do is make sure the very high risk of repeating and recidivism would go down by better preparing them to reen-ter society. Our goal would be to make it less likely that they would commit new crimes and wind up behind bars again. 
So the hope and expectation is this 
bill would go a long way toward im-proving public safety, it would save taxpayers money, and it would ease some of the burden on our Federal pris-ons just like we experienced in Texas. 
This bill, at a time when we seem to 
be very divided on a number of topics, is a consensus piece of legislation. It was voted out of the Judiciary Com-mittee late last year by an over-whelming vote. I think those who ex-pressed some reservations at the time just wanted more opportunity to talk about it and learn more about it, and perhaps they had other ideas they wanted to consider adding to it. 
In addition to Senator W
HITEHOUSE , 
there have been a number of colleagues who have been very interested in crimi-nal justice reform, and this is just one place, one starting point, which I think enjoys perhaps the broadest consensus. But I don’t think we ought to be afraid of the larger discussion that a number of our colleagues, including the Pre-siding Officer, have talked about— things such as mandatory minimums, sentencing reforms; the overcriminal-ization of our regulatory regime, where people who inadvertently violate some regulation find themselves actually ac-cused of a crime. 
I think all of these are fair game, but 
I think the most important thing for us to do is to start—start somewhere— where there is a broad consensus. Let’s get done what we can get done, and let’s not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. 
I think if we can establish, both from 
the Judiciary Committee and then on the floor of the Senate, that we are ca-pable of moving bipartisan legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.015 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S883 February 10, 2015 
such as this forward and sending it to 
the President for his signature, hope-fully we will start a growing trend of doing that, and this will be the begin-ning, and not the end, of our discus-sions and hopefully our productivity when it comes to criminal justice re-form. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor, and I have been trying to get time to do this, because I stand here in amazement that after the Re-publicans took over on January 6— after they won big in November and they took over the Senate on January 6—it took them 1 month to threaten a government shutdown of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Unbeliev-able. It took them 1 month to get into a situation where we are threatened with a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security. It is unbelievable to me because we know the threat of terrorism that is all around us, and playing politics with this is absolutely uncalled for. 
Why did they do that? They did that 
because the President under his au-thority said we shouldn’t deport immi-grants who were raised in America. That is what they didn’t like. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that I be able to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. With terrorists all 
around us, Republicans are playing pol-itics with the critical funding for the Department of Homeland Security and threatening a shutdown. It took them exactly a month in power to do that because they didn’t like the fact that the President, who is in line with Presidents of both parties, issued an Executive order. By the way, President Obama has issued the fewest number of Executive orders in the history of any President. I never heard one Repub-lican complain when Ronald Reagan did a number of Executive orders or George Bush did Executive orders, all on immigration. And I have those, for the record. But they didn’t like this. I guess they would rather deport these DREAMers. 
One of my colleagues said they are 
more scared of the DREAMers than they are of ISIL—a joke. What are they afraid of? Some child who was brought here at 3 years of age, went to school, is holding down a job, doing great? Those are the people the President’s Executive order is affecting. They are 
in my State, they are in Texas, they are in Arizona, they are all over the country. If there is anyone swept up in that who is not a good citizen, they don’t get to have this benefit, which, by the way, does not include citizen-ship. It just says action on your depor-tation is deferred. 
I would say to anyone within the 
sound of my voice, if anyone from your family ever came here from another country, think about what they are doing. Think about what they are doing. 
It will cost billions of dollars to de-
port these students. Then, by the way, they don’t take up an immigration bill. If the status quo prevails, you are talk-ing about deporting 11 million people. You have got to be kidding. We had an independent analysis done by USC which shows how important it is to re-solve this immigration issue, and what a boon it is to our society if we do so. 
Well, the Republicans are stomping 
their feet. They never said anything when Ronald Reagan issued an Execu-tive order on immigration. They never said anything when George Herbert Walker Bush did it. They never said anything before. But when this Presi-dent does something that I think is very wise to make sure we keep these young people here, they threaten to shut down the Department of Home-land Security. 
Now let’s talk about what that 
means. You would stop command-and- control activities at the Department of Homeland Security headquarters. You disrupt important programs that pro-tect weapons of mass destruction and train local law enforcement. You force critical frontline personnel such as Border Patrol agents to work without pay. 
Now maybe my colleagues would like 
to work without pay. Go for it. Most of us need our pay to live. Imagine the Border Patrol agents and TSA agents who work every day to support their families—they don’t get paid. 
It would jeopardize the safety of my 
constituency. During the last fiscal year California received over $200 mil-lion in crucial grant money that en-abled State and local authorities to re-spond to national security threats and prepare for natural disasters. The Re-publicans are putting this crucial fund-ing in jeopardy. 
Let’s be clear: Even if they back off 
their threat to shut down the govern-ment by shutting down Homeland Se-curity, if they back off and say, well, let’s just fund it at last year’s level, let me tell you, we will not see those safe-ty grants. 
Last year, Texas, for example, re-
ceived $105 million from these grants. You cannot go home and tell your Gov-ernor, too bad, we are stepping out. You step up. It doesn’t work like this. We are one Nation under God. We have to protect our people. 
I will tell you what else is threat-
ened. Even if they back down and let the government stay open but they 
fund it at last year’s level, firefighting grants such as the Assistance to Fire-fighters Grant Program and the Staff-ing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants Program would be de-layed. These programs are vital to California. We have a nearly year- round fire season. Last year California firefighters received $20 million in fire grants that allowed fire departments all over our State to purchase nec-essary equipment. 
Let me tell you, I have been to fire 
scenes I will never forget where we have lost firefighters. They need equip-ment that saves their lives. They are so great, but the wind changes and they find themselves in a canyon, and if they don’t have the right equip-ment—horrific results. 
We also received $50 million in 
SAFER grants last year that allowed fire departments to hire and train fire-fighters. Sometimes you are in a situa-tion and if you haven’t been trained on how to respond, it puts your life and other lives in jeopardy. 
Other States such as Ohio received a 
total of $33 million in fire and safety grants last year. 
I have to say, this kind of threat, 
after what we saw the last time Repub-licans threatened a shutdown, makes no sense at all. We need a clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill. When I say that, I hope people un-derstand I don’t mean scouring the bill. What I mean is keep extraneous issues off the bill. We all have our pet peeves. Listen, a lot of people don’t like the fact that the DREAMers are staying here. They want to deport them. Intro-duce the bill to deport the DREAMers, bring it to the floor—have at it. 
I will talk about what it would have 
been like for me, whose mother was born in Europe, and it took her a while to get her naturalization papers, if she was ripped out of my life. You know, I thought we had family values around here. We need a clean bill. 
If you want to deport all the undocu-
mented people—11 million—who are living in your communities and a lot of times fearful, that is a position you can defend. Defend it. Explain why we should spend billions deporting these people. Put up your solution. Don’t try to kill a bill by holding it hostage to your demands. 
We had an immigration bill this past 
year. It was terrific, it was bipartisan. Let’s go for it. Let’s go for it again. Let’s have a debate. Oh, no. They are in power for 30 days and they are al-ready threatening a government shut-down of the Department of Homeland Security. I tell you, this is no way to run the greatest Nation in the world. 
These programs are critically impor-
tant and are we going to turn our back on those who keep us safe? 
TSA officers would not be paid dur-
ing a DHS shutdown. The agency that seized a record 2,212 firearms last year from passengers’ carry-on luggage (of which 83% were loaded)—would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.016 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S884 February 10, 2015 
doing their important work keeping 
the traveling public safe without pay. 
And communities that are relying on 
federal FEMA funding to help them get back on their feet, after disasters have shattered their lives, will have to wait to be reimbursed during a shutdown. 
California emergency officials expect 
slowdowns in ongoing disaster recovery operations like the RIM Fire and Napa Earthquake. 
By failing to pass a clean DHS fund-
ing bill, we’re putting the safety of our cities and our citizens at risk. The United States Conference of Mayors agrees—they are urging us to pass a clean DHS bill to keep our cities func-tioning. 
Unless Republicans stop catering to 
their extreme Tea Party wing, critical programs that protect us from terror-ists will be undermined or frozen just weeks after the horrifying attack in Paris and evidence that our enemies are willing and able to launch cyberattacks against us. 
Republicans would rather tear fami-
lies apart than provide critical funding for the homeland security infrastruc-ture that was built following 9/11. It’s clear that Republicans hate DREAMers more than they hate ISIS. 
The Republicans’ extreme anti-immi-
grant amendments would have a chilling effect on the Latino commu-nity, instill fear of deportation for vic-tims of domestic and sexual violence, and subject DREAMers, who are peace-fully contributing to our economy and community, to deportation and exploi-tation. These are young men and women who have been living in the U.S. since they were children and came here by no fault of their own. They consider themselves just as much a part of the fabric of their commu-nities—and this country—as their classmates and peers. 
Specifically, the Republican amend-
ments would prevent the implementa-tion of President Obama’s DACA initia-tives, which would enable many unlaw-fully present young people who came to the United States as children to apply for ‘‘deferred action,’’ a temporary re-lief from removal not permanent immi-gration status—and work authoriza-tion. 
It would also prevent the implemen-
tation of President Obama’s DAPA ini-tiative, which would enable the parents of U.S. citizens or green card holders who have lived here for years to apply for deferred action and work authoriza-tion as long as they pay fees, have not been convicted of a serious crime, and submit to a background check. 
It would prevent ICE from using its 
expertise to set immigration enforce-ment priorities, to focus on the most serious public safety threats, as it has done for years. 
It would put domestic violence sur-
vivors in danger by taking away their ability to stay in the United States and obtain the help that they need and en-sure that the perpetrators of this vio-lence are punished. DACA and DAPA will strengthen 
community policing, improve commu-nity safety, and help more immigrant women come forward sooner to protect 
their children and themselves from do-mestic violence. Immigration law al-ready provides abused women an oppor-tunity to apply for protection. Why would we want to potentially curtail these protections from the women and children who need them the most? 
Specifically, President Obama’s Ex-
ecutive Actions on Immigration will improve California’s economy with an $11.7 billion increase in GDP over the next 10 years, by giving California a boost in productivity from up to 1.5 million more people who could pay taxes and contribute to the state’s economy. 
This will increase the average wages 
of U.S. born workers across the coun-try by $170 a year and raise the Na-tion’s gross domestic product by up to $90 billion over the next decade by ex-panding the labor force and giving im-migrant workers the flexibility to seek new jobs. 
Let’s come together. We had a really 
good meeting of the minds in a lovely setting last week, and a lunch. We agreed these differences are not per-sonal and it is fine that we have them. I don’t mind. That is healthy in a soci-ety. We want to have differing views. That is what makes everyone in our country feel represented. The fact that I have certain views and the Presiding Officer may have a different view is fine. What isn’t fine, in my view, is using your views to hold the Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding hostage. Too much is at stake. 
This Chamber is empty. We are not 
doing a darn thing. We even have Re-publicans on our side and saying, no, this is not the right way to go. 
Why don’t we do this: Why don’t we 
fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity—it went through the entire process—and then make an absolute commitment, which the Republicans have the ability to do, to take up im-migration reform. Then let’s debate it. Let’s hear why some of my friends on the other side want to deport the DREAMers. Let’s find out why they don’t want to do much about keeping families together. That is fine. Let’s debate it. Let’s move on. But let’s not hold hostage the Department of Home-land Security funding to some ideolog-ical debate on immigration, which should stand on its own and have the focus it deserves. 
Frankly, I hope we will begin with 
these unanimous consent requests—I won’t do it today because I haven’t warned anybody I want to—but fulfill the Department of Homeland Security and then immediately go to immigra-tion reform where we can hash it out and become the deliberative body we are supposed to be. 
Nobody is here. We are not doing 
anything right now, because we are stopped dead because of this dispute that has nothing to do with homeland security, in my view. The American people agree across 
the board on this. You shouldn’t attach irrelevant legislative matters on a funding bill. They have a funding bill. They have a job to do. In this case it is protecting Americans from terror, OK? That is over here, and over here is a very legitimate debate on immigration policy, and one that deserves the full time of this United States Senate. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a document entitled ‘‘Execu-tive Grants of Temporary Immigration Relief, 1956–Present’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
EXECUTIVE GRANTS OF TEMPORARY  
IMMIGRATION RELIEF , 1956–P RESENT  
1956 (Eisenhower) Paroled orphans for mili-
tary families who wanted to adopt them; 1956–1958 (Eisenhower) Paroled Hungarians who escaped the Soviets; 1959–1972 (Eisen-hower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon) Paroled Cuban asylum seekers who fled the Cuban revolution; 1962–1965 (Kennedy, Johnson) Pa-roled Chinese who fled Hong Kong; 1975–1979 (Ford, Carter) Paroled Indochinese from Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos; 1976 (Ford) Ex-tended Voluntary Departure for Lebanese; 1977 (Carter) Temporarily suspended expul-sion of immigrants who were being deported because of an error by the State Department; 1977–1982 (Carter, Reagan) Extended Vol-untary Departure for Ethiopians; 1977–1980 (Carter) Paroled Soviet refugees; 1978 (Car-ter) Extended Voluntary Departure for Ugan-dans; 1979 (Carter) Extended Voluntary De-parture for Nicaraguans; 1979 (Carter) Ex-tended Voluntary Departure for Iranians; 1980 (Carter) Extended Voluntary Departure for Afghans; 1980 (Carter) Paroled Cubans and Haitians during the Mariel boatlift. 
1981–1987 (Reagan) Extended Voluntary De-
parture for Polish after martial law declared in Poland; 1987 (Reagan) Directed the Immi-gration and Naturalization Service not to de-port Nicaraguans and to grant them work authorizations if they demonstrated a well- founded fear of persecution, even if they had been denied asylum; 1987 (Reagan) Deferred deportation for unauthorized children of noncitizens who applied to legalize; 1989 (Bush Sr.) Deferred deportation for Chinese nationals following Tiananmen Square; 1989 (Bush Sr.) Paroled Soviets and Indochinese, even though they were denied refugee status; 1990 (Bush Sr.) Formalized Deferred Enforced Departure for Chinese nationals following Tiananmen Square; 1990 (Bush Sr.) Deferred deportation of unauthorized spouses and children of those legalized under the immi-gration reform law; 1991 (Bush Sr.) Deferred deportation of Persian Gulf evacuees after the Kuwait invasion; 1992 (Bush Sr., Clinton) Deferred deportation of some El Salva-dorans, even though their Temporary Pro-tective Status had expired; 1994 (Clinton) Pa-roled Cubans into the U.S.; 1997 (Clinton) De-ferred deportation for Haitians in the U.S. that were here prior to 1995; 1997 (Clinton) Deferred deportation to noncitizens who might gain relief under the Violence Against Women Act. 
1998 (Clinton) Suspended deportations to El 
Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nica-ragua after Hurricane Mitch; 1999 (Clinton) Deferred deportation for Liberians; 2002 (G. W. Bush) Expedited naturalization for green card holders who enlisted in the mili-tary; 2005 (G. W. Bush) Deferred deportation for foreign academic students affected by Hurricane Katrina; 2006 (G. W. Bush) Enabled Cuban doctors conscripted abroad to apply 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.004 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S885 February 10, 2015 
for parole at U.S. embassies; 2007 (G. W. 
Bush) Deferred deportation for Liberians whose Temporary Protective Status had ex-pired; 2009 (Obama) Deferred deportation for Liberians; 2009 (Obama) Extended deferred deportation to widows and widowers of U.S. citizens and their unmarried children under 21; 2010 (Obama) Allowed parole-in-place to spouses, parents and children of U.S. citizen members of the military; 2010 (Obama) Pa-roled Haitian orphans being adopted by U.S. citizens; 2011 (Obama) Extended deferred de-portation to Liberians; 2012 (Obama) De-ferred action for childhood arrivals (DACA); 2013 (Obama) Revised parole-in-place policy to spouses, parents and children of members of the military; 2014 (Obama) Expedited fam-ily reunification for certain eligible Haitian family members (HFRP). 
Mrs. BOXER. With that, I yield back 
my time. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:42 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 20 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DISABILITY INSURANCE TRUST 
FUND 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the impending exhaustion of the disability trust fund adminis-tered by the Social Security Adminis-tration. 
The Social Security system contains 
two important programs. One is the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance—or OASI—Program, often referred to as the retirement program. That program provides income to insured workers and their families at retirement or death, based on their payroll tax con-tributions to the OASI trust fund. The other is the disability insurance—or DI—program, which provides income to insured workers who suffer from a dis-abling condition, based on their payroll tax contributions to the DI trust fund. Unfortunately, both trust funds face trillions of dollars in unfunded obliga-tions. 
Each trust fund is legally distinct, 
although they have been commingled in the past into an imaginary fund la-beled the ‘‘OASDI trust fund’’ or min-gled with the General Fund. Reserves in the DI trust fund are pro-
jected to be exhausted sometime late in calendar year 2016, after which bene-ficiaries face benefit cuts of around 20 percent. The DI program alone faces unfunded obligations over the next 75 years of more than $1.2 trillion. Re-serves in the OASI trust fund are pro-jected to be exhausted in 2034, after which retirees and their survivors face benefit cuts of around 25 percent. The retirement program alone faces un-funded obligations of around $9.4 tril-lion over the next 75 years. 
Financial operations of the OASI and 
DI trust funds are overseen by a board of trustees composed of six members. Four of them serve based on their posi-tions in the Federal Government, and 
two are appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. 
Currently, Treasury Secretary Lew, 
Labor Secretary Perez, HHS Secretary Burwell, and Social Security’s Acting Commissioner Colvin serve on the board. This is not what anyone would consider a band of fiscal hawks. Yet, in their most recent report, these trust-ees—who are, once again, high-ranking officials in the Obama administra-tion—urged Congress to take action ‘‘as soon as possible to address the DI program’s financial imbalance.’’ Those are pretty clear words. Those are not the words of any Republican trying to manufacture a crisis. They are not the words of any Republican trying to hold anyone or anything hostage, as some of my friends on the other side have claimed. Rather, they come from Obama administration officials who, in their roles as trustees, are forced to ac-knowledge reality. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
once again urge the administration and my colleagues—particularly those on the other side of the aisle—to begin to work with me to find solutions that will at least begin to chip away at the known financial imbalances in the DI trust fund so that we can prevent the coming benefit cuts. 
Last year, in a Finance Committee 
hearing on the DI program, I made clear my willingness to work with any-one in Congress or the administration to examine options and ideas about the DI program before the DI trust fund be-comes exhausted. Indeed, I have been trying for years to get the administra-tion to engage on this issue. Unfortu-nately, to date I have heard nothing from the administration and very little from my friends on the other side of the aisle about this issue. What I have heard is fearmongering about supposed Republican plans to slash benefits or engineer a false crisis or hold bene-ficiaries hostage. I am not exag-gerating; those are the very words they have used. 
In budget after budget, the President 
has all but ignored Social Security in general and the DI program in par-ticular. The President’s budgets gen-erally only include calls for more ad-ministrative funding for the Social Se-curity Administration or the occa-sional idea for an experimental trial. After years of my asking the admin-
istration to engage on the DI pro-gram’s financial challenges, the Presi-dent quietly inserted his policy posi-tion on DI just recently. With his fiscal year 2016 budget, we finally learned that the President supports a ‘‘stand- alone reallocation’’ of incoming tax re-ceipts away from the retirement trust fund over to the disability insurance trust fund. Oddly, one of the objectives 
appears to be to make a reallocation so that both the disability and the retire-ment trust funds become exhausted in the same future year, which, according to the budget, is 2033. 
Needless to say, having a joint trust 
fund exhaustion as a target does not solve any fundamental financial prob-lem facing the long-run financial chal-lenges of Social Security. Moreover, it takes away any urgency for Congress to improve the disability program now, before it becomes harder to do so down the road. 
By stand-alone reallocation, the ad-
ministration means that it wants to shift funds from the retirement fund to the DI fund with no accompanying pol-icy changes of any kind—no change in overall payroll taxes, no change in ben-efits, no substantive changes in pro-gram integrity aside from the per-sistent call for more mandatory admin-istrative funds, not even a study. 
There have recently been many mis-
conceptions and misstatements about the idea of a reallocation in general and a stand-alone reallocation in par-ticular. 
The last time Congress made a re-
allocation from the retirement trust fund to the DI trust fund was in 1994. At that time, Social Security trustees wrote the following about the realloca-tion and the DI trust fund: 
While the Congress acted this past year to 
restore its short-term financial balance, this necessary action should be viewed as only providing time and opportunity to design and implement substantive reforms that can lead to long-term financial stability. . . . 
Unfortunately, those reforms never 
came. And now, also unfortunately, the President wants to tell the American people the same story: Punt now to provide time for later action. 
In addition, the financial challenges 
facing Social Security are very dif-ferent from past trust fund account re-shuffling, including the one in 1994. The public trustees of the Social Security trust fund wrote just last year: 
The present situation is very different 
from that of 1994. . . . The DI Trust Fund’s impending reserve depletion signals that the time has arrived for reforms that strengthen the financing outlooks for OASI and DI alike. 
Some of my friends on the other side 
of the aisle say that we have had many reallocations between the DI and OASI trust funds in the past and that it is just ordinary housekeeping or a tech-nical change. It is something we do all the time, they say, so there is nothing really to see here. 
True, there have been trust fund re-
allocations in the past—sometimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.022 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S886 February 10, 2015 
from OASI to DI, sometimes the other 
way around, sometimes with overall payroll tax rate changes and some-times not. But there has never—let me repeat that: never—been a stand-alone reallocation from the retirement to the disability trust fund. 
Most people who would dispute this 
talk about the reallocation of 1994, which I mentioned earlier, but if the 1994 reallocation is somehow to be con-sidered a model of ordinary house-keeping that we should repeat today, I think it is a bad model for the reasons I just identified. Following that model, we would defer action until later, all the while claiming that real changes were on the horizon. And following that model, we would continue to do nothing to place Social Security on a more stable financial footing. 
Moreover, thinking of reallocation as 
just a normal way of doing business raises many questions: Why was a sepa-rate DI trust fund set up to begin with? Why do we even call them trust funds if they are merely fungible accounting devices? Why not merge the OASI and DI funds and call them the singular So-cial Security trust fund? More gen-erally, given the recent stimulus-in-spired mingling of General Fund reve-nues with the OASI and DI trust funds, why have Social Security trust funds at all? And if historical reallocations are to be used to guide what we should do today, then perhaps the recent re-allocations from the General Fund to both the OASI and DI trust funds, hav-ing been the most recent historical re-allocation episodes, should be the most prominent precedents. 
When circumstances make us focus 
on the solvency of any trust fund, there are two options. Option one: We can face up to the known financial chal-lenges, examine what can be done about them in a bipartisan way, and try to enact solutions. Option two: We can kick the proverbial can further down the road by taking the most ex-pedient route to reshuffle resources temporarily in order to get the prob-lem out of the way in the short term. 
Unfortunately, the President and his 
allies here in Congress seem to prefer the latter—to kick the can down the road, the kick-the-can strategy. This is especially disappointing given what the President said about Social Secu-rity when he took office in 2009. At that time, the President said about So-cial Security: 
What we have done is kicked this can down 
the road. We are now at the end of the road and are not in a position to kick it any fur-ther. We have to signal seriousness in this by making sure some of the hard decisions are 
made under my watch, not someone else’s. 
Well, the President has been on his 
watch for 6 years now, and if we look at his administration’s proposed solution to the coming DI trust fund exhaus-tion, he seems more than content to push any hard decisions off until his term is over. President Obama now not only wants to kick the can down the road, but he also wants to do it in a way that has never been done before. Elementary budget arithmetic makes 
clear that you simply cannot strength-en the financial outlooks for our two Social Security programs and their trust funds simply by shifting re-sources from one to the other. Indeed, Director Elmendorf of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office recently said: ‘‘If you want to help both pro-grams you’re not going to accomplish that by just moving money around be-
tween them.’’ 
Rather than engaging in yet another 
unnecessary partisan battle, we need to take this opportunity to work together to see what can be done in a bipartisan way to address the impending exhaus-tion of reserves in the DI trust fund. Once again, I urge the administration and my friends on the other side of the aisle to work with me on this issue. 
Mr. President, I will have more to 
say on this issue in coming days. For now, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
f 
REMEMBERING KAYLA MUELLER 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I wish to 
take this opportunity to express sor-row—both mine and that of the people of Arizona—at the news that one of our own, Kayla Mueller of Prescott, has died at the hands of ISIL. 
Kayla’s entire adult life—cut short at 
the tender age of 26—had been dedi-cated to the service of others and the ending of suffering. 
When she was taken hostage in 2013, 
Kayla was leaving a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Syria. She had been in the region working with Syrian refu-gees. 
Kayla once said that what inspired 
her work was that she found ‘‘God in the suffering eyes reflected in mine. If this is how you are revealed to me, this is how I will forever seek you.’’ 
Regardless of the exact cir-
cumstances surrounding Kayla’s death, the fact remains that had ISIL mili-tants not kidnapped this young woman, she would still be with us today. Her death can and should be laid squarely at their feet. It is yet another example of this group’s mindless, alarming savagery. 
The best action Congress can now 
take is to authorize a mission against ISIL and to let our allies and our ad-versaries know we mean business and that we are united in our resolve. 
We should remember Kayla not for 
her death but for her life and for her devotion to the highest calling: dedica-tion to the service of others. 
Our deepest, heartfelt condolences go 
out to Kayla’s family and her loved ones in Prescott and elsewhere around the State and the country. 
f 
BARRY GOLDWATER STATUE 
DEDICATION 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about an Arizona original— former Senator and Presidential can-didate Barry Goldwater. Senator Goldwater was no stranger 
to this Senate floor, having served five terms in this body and having been his party’s Presidential nominee in 1964. By the end of his time here, Goldwater was an elder statesman and the go-to guy on national security, having chaired the Committee on Armed Serv-ices and the Select Committee on In-telligence and having reorganized the Pentagon structure with the Gold-water-Nichols Act. He was also re-spected for his unapologetic fiscal con-servatism. Goldwater was probably best known for his staunch defense of personal liberty and for reviving and redefining what it means to be conserv-ative. 
While he may have lost the election 
in 1964 to Lyndon Johnson, he laid the 
groundwork for the Republican Party’s future and the eventual resurgence under Ronald Reagan. 
As columnist George Will once noted, 
it took 16 years to count the votes from 1964, and Goldwater won. 
For many of us, he was a role model. 
Before I came to Congress, I was hon-ored to serve as the executive director of the Goldwater Institute, an Arizona organization that bears his name and his philosophy. 
Born before Arizona was even a 
State, Goldwater, as did so many great men, honed his passionate interests in the nonpolitical world around him. He was an avid, published photographer. In fact, Goldwater’s estate contained some 15,000 photographs, many of them of Arizona landscapes and the people he loved so much. 
He also occasionally took his camera 
to social events, once even snapping President Kennedy at the White House. Kennedy inscribed the photo, ‘‘For Barry Goldwater, whom I urge to fol-low the career for which he has shown such talent—photography.’’ 
In addition to being a conservative 
warrior, Goldwater was an actual war-rior, having flown supply missions over ‘‘the hump’’ in World War II and retir-ing as a major general in the U.S. Air Force Reserve. He believed in peace through strength. 
Barry Goldwater was plainspoken. He 
was stubborn. He was patriotic. He was independent. In short, Goldwater em-bodied the very spirit of Arizona. 
Tomorrow—at long last—Barry Gold-
water will be honored with a statue in the Capitol, representing his beloved Arizona. Goldwater may have once de-scribed himself as ‘‘the most underdog underdog there is,’’ but I can’t think of a more deserving recipient nor of a more fitting representative of our State. 
Well done, Barry Goldwater. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.024 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S887 February 10, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UKRAINE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it is 
ironic that the Senator from Ohio is presiding because I am going to speak about the situation in Ukraine. 
For the record, the Senator from 
Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN , the current Pre-
siding Officer, and I have now initiated a bipartisan caucus in the Senate con-cerned with the future of Ukraine, and my remarks will address that during the next minute or two. 
We are approaching the 1-year anni-
versary of a dark chapter in modern history, the forcible Russian seizure of sovereign territory in Ukraine. Per-haps the world shouldn’t have been sur-prised by Russian President Putin’s brazen attack on well-established international norms. We have seen this movie before when it comes to Mr. Putin, in Georgia in 2008, using mili-tary force to seize the territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia. 
What we are facing in Ukraine is a 
threat to the foundation of European security agreements and norms of the last several decades. We are facing the use of military force by Putin to under-mine a democratic sovereign nation’s aspirations to join the international democratic community. These ugly threats and actions by Putin must not go unchallenged. 
That is why this week I wrote a bi-
partisan letter, along with the Pre-siding Officer, Senator P
ORTMAN , as 
well as Senators B ROWN , BARRASSO , 
BLUMENTHAL , and others to President 
Obama urging the United States and NATO to work together to ensure Ukraine has the defensive capabilities and equipment to halt and reverse fur-ther Russian aggression. 
Thousands have been killed, thou-
sands more displaced. A civilian air-liner was shot down, murdering hun-dreds of innocent people, and national-istic fervor and Soviet-style propa-ganda have been used to further rob the Russian and Ukrainian people of their own political freedoms. 
Let’s recall how we got to this awful 
situation. In March of last year, Rus-sian President Putin used manipula-tion and military might to annex the sovereign region of Crimea—not be-cause Ukraine was about to join NATO, not because Ukraine was about to join the European Union, not because Ukraine was about to cut economic or historical ties to Russia, even if it did sign an association agreement with the European Union, and not because Rus-sian-speaking Ukrainians were in any danger. 
No, Putin took this brazen and desta-
bilizing action because he needed to rally nationalist sentiment in his own country for his own political survival— to protect his own kleptocracy. He did so because he needed a war to distract Russians from the frustrations they had over a weak national economy, do-mestic political repression, the elimi-
nation of Russia’s free press and civic organizations, and increasing Russian exasperation with the heavyhanded rule of Mr. Putin. 
He did so because his ally and former 
Ukrainian President Yanukovych was democratically removed from office by a unanimous vote of the Ukrainian Parliament after he squandered nego-tiations for closer trade ties with the European Union and then presided over the murder of more than 100 of his own citizens. Apparently Putin did so be-cause he felt aggrieved by the West. 
Instead of inspiring his own people to 
share the many talents and accom-plishments of the Russian nation as part of the larger global community, Putin has spread a message of victimhood and the West is really still the enemy. 
What a waste. What an insult to the 
proud and talented Russian people. Putin’s tactics are from the old Soviet playbook, tired and dated tactics of propaganda, military power, and do-mestic repression. 
The resulting destruction and human 
misery in Ukraine has been significant and has been increasing by the day. Thirteen innocent Ukrainian citizens, including pensioners and little chil-dren, were killed in a horrific bus at-tack last month in Volnovakha. 
The city of Mariupol recently came 
under shelling, killing 30 and injuring another 100 civilians—part of a likely attempt to militarily seize another strategic coastal area. 
Ukrainian Government forces and ci-
vilians have come under mounting fire in the strategic city of Debaltseve, where residents are fleeing by the bus-load. Russian heavy weapons and mili-tary personnel continue to brazenly flow into eastern Ukraine, despite Putin’s refusal to acknowledge the ob-vious. Nearly 750,000 Ukrainian citizens are now living as displaced persons within their own country because of this offensive action by the Russians. 
The World Health Organization esti-
mates that 5 million Ukrainians living in areas where the fighting is fiercest are in dire need of basic health care services. People trapped in the cities of Luhansk and Donetsk are essentially without any medical assistance. The Ukrainian officials say January was one of the bloodiest months in eastern Ukraine since the conflict started. All the while, Russia and its proxies in eastern Ukraine continue to balk at peace talks and even deny their mili-tary actions. 
Since the collapse of the Soviet 
Union, the United States and Europe have worked to strengthen ties with Russia, to help it become a partner in the global community. Of course, our interests didn’t always overlap, and there were disagreements. That is the nature of any international relation-ship. But to whip up anti-Western prop-aganda on state-controlled media and insult Russian people—they deserve more. The West didn’t lock up Western op-
position leaders whose only so-called crime was to disagree with Putin. The West didn’t shut down all the inde-pendent media in Russia to deny the Russian people a free flow of ideas. The West didn’t shut down Russian groups whose sole purpose was to ensure fair elections. The West didn’t conduct a Russian Presidential election in 2012 that was loaded with fraud and irregu-
larity. The West didn’t create a system of corruption around Putin that en-riches a lucky few oligarchs and tar-nishes Russia’s economy and inter-national reputation. The West cer-tainly didn’t focus on creating false en-emies, both domestic and inter-national, to distract from the real work of diversifying Russia’s economy. 
Let me be clear. The West did not 
cause the protests in Ukraine, in the Kiev, Maidan Square. The protesters were Ukrainians fed up with endless corruption and political malfeasance. I met with several of those leaders in Ukraine, and I can assure everyone they were Ukrainian patriots, not Western proxies. 
While I have been giving the speech, 
my friend and colleague Senator M
CCAINhas come to the floor, with 
whom I visited Ukraine several months ago. He was there during the Maidan demonstrations and has firsthand knowledge of how this was a home-grown effort to bring real change to Ukraine. I am glad to see him on the floor at this moment. 
New York Times columnist and Pul-
itzer Prize winner Tom Friedman called what is happening in Ukraine under Putin ‘‘the ugliest geopolitical mugging happening in the world today.’’ 
Perhaps you have seen the recent ex-
cellent episode of the PBS ‘‘Frontline’’ documentary entitled ‘‘Putin’s Way.’’ It meticulously laid out the web of cor-ruption and destruction around Putin’s rise to power. It showed how each con-trived crisis at home has been used to consolidate Putin’s grip on power, and it left little doubt the lengths Putin will go to to protect the web of corrup-tion that is ensuring his future. What a waste. 
I commend the President for working 
with our European allies to impose se-vere economic sanctions on Russia for its actions in Ukraine. These sanctions have some impact. In fact, Russia’s credit rating is now reduced to junk bond status. But Putin and his proxies have only doubled down, launching new offensives in eastern Ukraine, leading to more death and human misery. 
I have concluded, and I believe the 
Senator reached a similar conclusion because of a letter we cowrote this week, that the United States has to do more to protect the Ukrainian people. I know it is a debating point with some of our European allies as to whether we are escalating the conflict. But to leave Ukraine poorly prepared to de-fend its own territory—to leave the ci-vilians in Ukraine so open to the ag-gression of the Russian invaders—is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.025 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S888 February 10, 2015 
wrong. We can provide lethal defensive 
weapons to help the Ukrainians defend their own homeland, their own coun-try, from this Russian invasion. I think we should, and I encourage the admin-istration to move forward. I have reached the conclusion we eventually have to deal with this bully with force. Force must be met with force. We must give the Ukrainian people the means to defend themselves and to build a mod-ern democratic nation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING KAYLA JEAN 
MUELLER 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to mourn the tragic death of 26- year-old humanitarian aid worker Kayla Jean Mueller of Prescott, AZ, who had been held by ISIL terrorists in Syria since August of 2013. 
I am heartbroken for the Mueller 
family at the loss of their beautiful, be-loved Kayla. The thoughts and prayers of the people of her home State of Ari-zona, our country, and the civilized world are with the Mueller family at this terrible hour. 
I want to take the time today to 
share a bit of Kayla’s story. This won-derful young woman represented the best of us. She had a remarkable im-pact on the lives of so many people who never had the honor of meeting her, and her story will forever be an inspi-ration to us. 
Kayla attended high school at Tri- 
City College Prep in Prescott, AZ, where she was recognized as a National Young Leader and received the Presi-dent’s Award For Academic Excellence in 2007, the Yavapai County Commu-nity Foundation Youth Philanthropist of the Year Award in 2005, and the Gold Presidential Volunteer Award in 2007 for her volunteer efforts with Youth Count, AmeriCorps, America’s Prom-ise, Open Inn for troubled youth, Big Brothers Big Sisters, and other organi-zations. 
After graduating from Northern Ari-
zona University in Flagstaff in 2009, Kayla committed her life to helping people in need around the world—first in India, then Israel, the Palestinian territories, and back home in Prescott where she volunteered at an HIV-AIDS clinic, and a women’s shelter. But it was the conflict in Syria that drew Kayla’s greatest interest and, again, sparked her desire to help those in need. In a YouTube video she made in October 2011, as the Syrian civil war was just beginning, Kayla said: 
I am in solidarity with the Syrian people. 
I reject the brutality and killing that the Syrian authorities are committing against the Syrian people. Because silence is partici-pation in this crime, I declare my participa-tion in the Syrian sit-in on YouTube. 
In December 2012, Kayla traveled to 
the Turkish-Syrian border where she worked for months helping the thou-sands of Syrian refugees whose lives were torn apart by the humanitarian 
catastrophe created by Bashar al-Assad and the Syrian civil war. 
According to her family, Kayla found 
this work heartbreaking but compel-ling. She was extremely devoted to the people of Syria and their struggle. Kayla explained to her family her call to service this way. She said: 
I find God in the suffering eyes reflected in 
mine. If this is how you are revealed to me, this is how I will forever seek you. I will al-ways seek God. Some people find God in church. Some people find God in nature. Some people find God in love; I find God in suffering. I’ve known for some time what my life’s work is, using my hands as tools to re-lieve suffering. 
When Kayla traveled back home to 
visit her family in Arizona in May of 2013, she spoke about her experiences at the Prescott Kiwanis Club where her father was a member. After recalling helping a Syrian man, whose wife had been murdered, to reunite with a 6- year-old relative he was desperately searching for after their refugee camp was bombed, Kayla said: 
This story is not rare in Syria. This is the 
reality for Syrians two and a half years on. When Syrians hear I’m an American, they ask, ‘‘Where is the world?’’ All I can do is cry with them, because I don’t know. 
After spending time with the refu-
gees, Kayla told the Kiwanis Club she was totally drawn in, and that she ‘‘can’t do enough’’ to help. She recalled stories of children being hurt by unexploded bombs, women forced into early marriages, elementary schools targeted for bombing by the Syrian re-gime, and people living in caves to es-cape the bombing. 
Kayla went on. She said: 
Syrians are dying by the thousands, and 
they’re fighting just to talk about the rights we have. . . . For as long as I live, I will not let this suffering be normal. [I will not let this be] something we just accept. It’s impor-tant to stop and realize what we have, why we have it and how privileged we are. And from that place, start caring and get a lot done. 
She described part of her work help-
ing the Syrian children in the refugee camps—including drawing, painting, and playing with the children, many of whom were badly scarred physically and psychologically by the war. 
She said: 
We give and get joy from playing with 
these children. Half the 1.5 million refugees the U.N. has registered are children. In the chaos of waking up in the middle of the night and being shelled, we’re hearing of more children being separated from their families by accident. 
Asked by Kiwanis members what her 
recommendations for addressing the conflict were, Kayla said, ‘‘A no-fly zone over refugee camps would be num-ber one.’’ 
Kayla also believed if the terrible re-
ality of the conflict were better known to Americans, our Nation would be more heavily engaged. ‘‘The people of the United States would see that some-thing needs to be done,’’ she said. 
Today the Mueller family released a 
letter written to them by Kayla in the spring of 2014. I want to read a bit of it 
to give a sense of this young woman, her deep faith in God, her profound love for her family, and her remarkable strength in the face of grave danger. 
She wrote: I remember mom always 
telling me that all in all, in the end the only one you really have is God. I have 
come to a place in experience where, in every sense of the word, I have surren-dered myself to our Creator because literally there was no one else. By God and by your prayers, I have felt ten-derly cradled in free fall. I have been shown in darkness and light and have learned that even in prison one can be free. I am grateful. I have to see that there is good in every situation; some-times we just have to look for it. I pray each day that, if nothing else, you have felt a certain closeness and surrender to God as well and have formed a bond of love and support amongst one an-other. I miss you all as if it had been a decade of forced separation. 
Kayla closed with these words: The 
thought of your pain is the source of my own. Simultaneously, the hope of our reunion is the source of my strength. Please be patient. Give your pain to God. I know you would want me to remain strong. That is exactly what I am doing. Do not fear for me; con-tinue to pray, as will I. By God’s will we will be together soon. All my every-thing, Kayla. 
In a statement today, the Mueller 
family reflected on Kayla’s life and their commitment to work every day to honor her legacy: 
Kayla was a compassionate and devoted 
humanitarian. She dedicated the whole of her young life to helping those in need of freedom, justice and peace. Kayla was drawn to help those displaced by the Syrian civil war. She first traveled to Turkey in Decem-ber 2012 to provide humanitarian aid to Syr-ian refugees. She told us of the great joy she took in helping Syrian children and their families. We are so proud of the person Kayla was and the work she did while she was here with us. She lived with purpose and we will work every day to honor her legacy. Our hearts are breaking for our only daughter, but we will continue on in peace, dignity and love for her. 
On behalf of the people of Arizona 
and the Congress of the United States, I express our deepest condolences to Kayla’s parents, Marsha and Carl Mueller, her loving family, and many friends. Our thoughts and prayers are with you. Kayla devoted her young life to helping people in need around the world, to healing the sick, and bringing light to some of the darkest and most desperate places on Earth. She will never be forgotten. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
letter written by Kayla during her im-prisonment to her family be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Everyone, If you are receiving this letter it 
means I am still detained but my cell mates (starting from 11/2/2014) have been released. I have asked them to contact you + send you this letter. It’s hard to know what to say. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.026 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S889 February 10, 2015 
Please know that I am in a safe location, 
completely unharmed + healthy (put on weight in fact); I have been treated w/ the ut-most respect + kindness. I wanted to write you all a well thought out letter (but I didn’t know if my cell mates would be leaving in the coming days or the coming months re-stricting my time but primarily) I could only but write the letter a paragraph at a time, just the thought of you all sends me into a fit of tears. If you could say I have ‘‘suf-fered’’ at all throughout this whole experi-ence it is only in knowing how much suf-fering I have put you all through; I will never ask you to forgive me as I do not de-serve forgiveness. I remember mom always telling me that all in all in the end the only one you really have is God. I have come to a place in experience where, in every sense of the word, I have surrendered myself to our creator b/c literally there was no else ....  
+ by God + by your prayers I have felt ten-derly cradled in freefall. I have been shown in darkness, light + have learned that even in prison, one can be free. I am grateful. I have come to see that there is good in every situation, sometimes we just have to look for it. I pray each each day that if nothing else, you have felt a certain closeness + sur-render to God as well + have formed a bond of love + support amongst one another . . . I miss you all as if it has been a decade of forced separation. I have had many a long hour to think, to think of all the things I will do w/ Lex, our first family camping trip, the first meeting @ the airport. I have had many hours to think how only in your ab-sence have I finally @ 25 years old come to realize your place in my life. The gift that is each one of you + the person I could + could not be if you were not a part of my life, my family, my support. I DO NOT want the ne-gotiations for my release to be your duty, if there is any other option take it, even if it takes more time. This should never have be-come your burden. I have asked these women to support you; please seek their advice. If you have not done so already, [REDACTED] 
can contact [REDACTED] who may have a certain level of experience with these people. None of us could have known it would be this long but know I am also fighting from my side in the ways I am able + I have a lot of fight left inside of me. I am not breaking down + I will not give in no matter how long it takes. I wrote a song some months ago that says, ‘‘The part of me that pains the most also gets me out of bed, w/out your hope there would be nothing left . . .’’ aka— The thought of your pain is the source of my own, simultaneously the hope of our reunion is the source of my strength. Please be pa-tient, give your pain to God. I know you would want me to remain strong. That is ex-actly what I am doing. Do not fear for me, continue to pray as will I + by God’s will we will be together soon. 
All my everything, 
K
AYLA . 
Mr. M CCAIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, can 
the Chair tell me what the status of the floor is and how much time I have to speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in morning business with 20- minute grants. Mrs. SHAHEEN. I thank the Chair. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, de-
spite the fact that we are just days away from the Department of Home-land Security shutting down, we don’t yet have an agreement to fund a clean bill to keep the Department of Home-land Security operating. Unfortu-nately, we haven’t heard from the ma-jority that there is interest in address-ing this issue this week. I think that is very unfortunate. 
We are ready to work to pass a clean 
full-year bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, and last week we actually asked unanimous consent to take up and pass the clean bill that Senator M
IKULSKI and I introduced to 
fund the Department for the rest of the year and to then have votes on immi-
gration matters. I think we are happy to debate immigration, but we don’t believe we should do it on the bill that would fund the Department of Home-land Security. Unfortunately, that unanimous consent was rejected. 
Now, we could pass a clean bill this 
afternoon, and we should. We should stop playing politics with our national security. In just a few days, with our Nation dealing with real and dangerous terror threats, some Members of Con-gress have suggested we should shut down the Department of Homeland Se-curity. Because of their extreme oppo-sition to the President’s Executive ac-tions on immigration, they are willing to put at risk the security and safety of this country. So I have come to the floor today to talk about why we need to put politics aside for the security of our Nation and why we need to pass a full-year funding bill for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
A short-term budget, which is what 
some Members of Congress are dis-cussing, should be off the table. A short-term budget, a continuing resolu-tion, or a CR, means the government is on autopilot, and that is extraor-dinarily bad for business and for secu-rity. We need to pass a full-year bill. 
If the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity operates under a short-term budg-et, grants to protect our cities and our Nation’s ports from terror attacks would be halted, grants to police and firefighters won’t be awarded, con-tracts and acquisitions would be post-poned, hiring would be delayed, and employee training would be scaled back. 
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh 
Johnson recently said: 
As long as this Department continues to 
operate on a CR, we are prevented from fund-ing key homeland security initiatives. These include funding for new grants to state and local law enforcement, additional border se-curity resources, and additional Secret Serv-ice resources. Other core missions, such as aviation security and protection of federal installations and personnel, are also ham-pered. 
A little while ago, Senator B OOKER  
and I held a conference call with Mayor Anisse Parker of Houston, TX, Mayor 
Michael Nutter of Philadelphia, and New York City Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller. They talked about how very real and dangerous the con-sequences would be for cities if we don’t fund Homeland Security. Our big cities and our major urban areas are unfortunately top targets for terror-ists, and if we don’t pass a full-year funding bill for DHS, a grant program specifically designed to help cities plan, prepare for, and defend against possible attacks will be halted. 
One of the things that Deputy Com-
missioner Miller talked about is the fact that there have been 16 plots that have been thwarted against New York City, and that was done, to a great ex-tent, by programs funded through the Department of Homeland Security. At risk is nearly $600 million in funding to keep our cities safe that will be put on hold. Without those resources, cities and the millions who live there are at risk; and that is not to mention all of the other small communities around this country that are at risk. That is just unacceptable. 
Now, Mayor Nutter, from Philadel-
phia, talked about how they are not able to train first responders because the funding is uncertain. They do not know if we are going to get a bill, and so they do not know if they can con-tinue to train. He said they do not have reimbursement for their fusion centers if we don’t get a funding bill for Home-land Security. He said: It is not right to put the heavy burden on those on the front lines, those first responders who are there in cases of emergency. 
Mayor Parker from Houston talked 
about her employees at the police de-partment, at the public health agency, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity employees who are affected by our failure to get a funding bill. She said right now they are dealing with mea-sles in the city of Houston, and it is very important they have public health workers who can go out and deal with that epidemic. Yet those health em-ployees are going to be at risk if we don’t get a clean funding bill. She also mentioned the three airports they op-erate and one of the busiest ports in the world, and those are at risk if we can’t get a funding bill. 
Our major commercial ports are also 
targets for terrorism attacks. If we don’t pass a full-year funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security, the Port Security Grant Program will be put on hold, meaning nearly $100 million won’t be allocated to keep our ports safe throughout the Nation. 
One of those programs where we will 
see a gap is in radiation detection. One of the things our investigators do, as they are looking at making sure our ports are secure, is to check for radi-ation, for nuclear materials that might be coming in to this country. Yet they won’t have the instruments, the equip-ment they need to do that if we don’t get a clean funding bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.005 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S890 February 10, 2015 
Deputy Commissioner Miller talked 
about, as I said, the 16 terrorist plots against New York City that have been thwarted. But he also pointed out that at virtually every major New York City event when they do the security, whether it is the New York marathon or New Year’s Eve in New York City, the security that protects those events is funded in whole or in part by Depart-ment of Homeland Security programs. 
A short-term budget for the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security would mean there are no new grants for po-lice and firefighters in every State in the country. I don’t mean that is a new program. I mean the grant funding doesn’t turn over each year. That means our firefighters in New Hamp-
shire won’t be able to apply for SAFER grants again to make sure we have the force we need. 
I heard from our Laconia police chief 
in New Hampshire last week, and he talked about what the impact would be if they can’t get that funding from the Department of Homeland Security. He told a story about how they had been able to save a young man, 22 years old, who was snowmobiling and who went through Lake Winnisquam in New Hampshire. The reason they were able to save his life was because they had four firefighters they could put into water-resistant suits and send them out, because they had additional fund-ing through a SAFER grant, giving them the ability both to train those firefighters and to make sure there was somebody else there directing them and taking that call. So there are very real impacts if we fail to get this fund-ing done. 
In the last 2 years, New Hampshire 
alone has received more than $7 mil-lion in grants to provide training for more than 3,800 first responders across our State and another $6 million over that same period to help hire more fire-fighters—firefighters such as those in Laconia who saved that 22-year-old young man. Nearly 300 police officers in New Hampshire have been given live-action training for active-shooter situations in recent years. We were also able to train and equip the State police bomb squad and the Nashua bomb squad—Nashua is the second largest city in New Hampshire— through those DHS resources. 
A short-term budget, a continuing 
resolution for the Department of Homeland Security puts all of these critical support programs in jeopardy, and that is why we are hearing from communities across the country. That is why last week we got letters from the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the Na-tional Association of Counties, the International Association of Emer-gency Managers, and the International Association of Firefighters, all calling on Congress to pass a clean, full-year funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. They understand that our failing to do that would be disastrous. 
Three previous Department of Home-
land Security Secretaries, two Repub-licans and one Democrat, did the same 
last week. Then on Sunday the Wall Street Journal wrote an editorial. I ask unanimous consent that editorial be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Feb. 8, 2015] 
CAN THE GOP C HANGE ? 
Republicans in Congress are off to a less 
than flying start after a month in power, di-viding their own conference more than Democrats. Take the response to President Obama’s immigration order, which seems headed for failure if not a more spectacular crack-up. 
That decree last November awarded work 
permits and de facto legal status to millions of undocumented aliens and dismayed mem-bers of both parties, whatever their immigra-tion views. A Congressional resolution to vindicate the rule of law and the Constitu-tion’s limits on executive power was defen-sible, and even necessary, but this message has long ago been lost in translation. 
The Republican leadership funded the rest 
of the government in December’s budget deal but isolated the Department of Homeland Security that enforces immigration law. DHS funding runs out this month, and the GOP has now marched itself into another box canyon. 
The specific White House abuse was claim-
ing prosecutorial discretion to exempt whole classes of aliens from deportation, dumping the historical norm of case-by-case scrutiny. A GOP sniper shot at this legal overreach would have forced Democrats to go on record, picked up a few supporters, and per-haps even imposed some accountability on Mr. Obama. 
But that wasn’t enough for immigration 
restrictionists, who wanted a larger brawl, and they browbeat GOP leaders into adding needless policy amendments. The House reached back to rescind Mr. Obama’s en-forcement memos from 2011 that instructed Homeland Security to prioritize deporta-tions of illegals with criminal backgrounds. That is legitimate prosecutorial discretion, and in opposing it Republicans are under-mining their crime-fighting credentials. 
The House even adopted a provision to roll 
back Mr. Obama’s 2012 order deferring depor-tation for young adults brought to the U.S. illegally as children by their parents—the so- called dreamers. The GOP lost 26 of its own Members on that one, passing it with only 218 votes. 
The overall $40 billion DHS spending bill 
passed with these riders, 236–191, but with 10 Republicans joining all but two Democrats in opposition. This lack of GOP unity re-duced the chances that Senate Democrats would feel any political pressure to go along. 
And, lo, on Thursday the House bill failed 
for the third time to gain the 60 votes needed to overcome the third Democratic filibuster in three days. Swing-state Democrats like Indiana’s Joe Donnelly and North Dakota’s Heidi Heitkamp aren’t worried because they have more than enough material to portray Republicans as the immigration extremists. 
Whatever their view of Mr. Obama’s order, 
why would Democrats vote to deport people who were brought here as kids through no fault of their own? Mr. Obama issued a veto threat to legislation that will never get to his desk, and he must be delighted that Re-publicans are fighting with each other rather than with him. 
Restrictionists like Sens. Ted Cruz and 
Jeff Sessions are offering their familiar ad-vice to fight harder and hold firm against ‘‘executive amnesty,’’ but as usual their strategy for victory is nowhere to be found. 
So Republicans are now heading toward the same cul de sac that they did on the ObamaCare government shutdown. 
If Homeland Security funding lapses on 
Feb. 27, the agency will be pushed into a par-tial shutdown even as the terrorist threat is at the forefront of public attention with the Charlie Hebdo and Islamic State murders. Imagine if the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, a unit of DHS, fails to inter-cept an Islamic State agent en route to De-troit. 
So Republicans are facing what is likely to 
be another embarrassing political retreat and more intra-party recriminations. The GOP’s restrictionist wing will blame the leadership for a failure they share responsi-bility for, and the rest of America will won-der anew about the gang that couldn’t shoot straight. 
The restrictionist caucus can protest all it 
wants, but it can’t change 54 Senate votes into 60 without persuading some Democrats. It’s time to find another strategy. Our advice on immigration is to promote discrete bills that solve specific problems such as green cards for math-science-tech graduates, more H–1B visas, a guest-worker program for agri-culture, targeted enforcement and legal sta-tus for the dreamers. Democrats would be hard-pressed to oppose them and it would put the onus back on Mr. Obama. But if that’s too much for the GOP, then move on from immigration to something else. 
It’s not too soon to say that the fate of the 
GOP majority is on the line. Precious weeks are wasting, and the combination of weak House leadership and a rump minority un-willing to compromise is playing into Demo-cratic hands. This is no way to run a Con-gressional majority, and the only winners of GOP dysfunction will be Mr. Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. The Wall Street 
Journal wrote: 
DHS funding runs out this month, and the 
GOP has now marched itself into another box canyon. If Homeland Security funding lapses on February 27, the agency will be pushed into a partial shutdown even as the terrorist threat is at the forefront of public attention with the Charlie Hebdo and Is-lamic State murders. Imagine if the Trans-portation Security Administration, a unit of DHS, fails to intercept an Islamic State agent en route to Detroit? 
Well, the Wall Street Journal is 
right. These are dangerous times. Our Nation is on high alert for terror threats after the attacks in Paris and Ottawa and Sydney that have shocked the world in recent months. We don’t have the luxury of playing politics with Homeland Security funding. We are trying to keep pace with threats that can occur at any time, anywhere, with little or no warning. We have to be prepared. 
It is not just security grant programs 
for State and local first responders that would get shortchanged if we fail to pass a full-year bill. Border security, maritime security, and nuclear detec-tion activities would be underfunded as well. 
Under a short-term budget, Immigra-
tion and Customs will not have the funding they need to meet their legal mandate to have 34,000 detention beds in place for immigration detainees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.030 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S891 February 10, 2015 
Under a short-term budget, there is 
no additional funding for ICE—Immi-gration and Customs—to hire addi-tional investigators for anti-traf-ficking and smuggling cases to combat the influx of unaccompanied children at the southern border. 
Under a short-term budget, there is 
no funding to address Secret Service weaknesses identified by the inde-pendent Protective Mission Panel in response to the White House fence- jumping incident. 
Under a short-term budget, aging nu-
clear weapon detection equipment will not be replaced, causing gaps that could allow our enemies to smuggle a nuclear device or dirty bomb into the country. 
A short-term budget would delay up-
grades to infrastructure that allow for emergency communications among first responders. 
A short-term budget would delay the 
contract for the Coast Guard’s eighth national security cutter—a cutter we need for maritime security. Life-ex-tending maintenance work on the im-portant 140-foot icebreaking tugs, 225- foot oceangoing buoy tenders, and the Coast Guard’s training vessel would be scaled back. The deep freeze on the Great Lakes in 2014 cost the shipping industry $705 million and 3,800 jobs. Up-grading the Coast Guard’s 140-foot icebreaking fleet is critical to dealing with these conditions. 
A short-term budget would prevent 
Customs and Border Protection from awarding contracts for new remote video surveillance systems to detect border crossings and track threats. 
Funding DHS should not be con-
troversial. Playing politics and threat-ening to cut off critical programs that protect the country from terror at-tacks would result in consequences we can’t afford. We should work together to pass a full-year, clean funding bill to continue the important work the De-partment of Homeland Security does every day to keep Americans safe. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
f 
UKRAINE 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, each time 
I have taken to the floor to comment on the Ukrainian crisis which I have done often the situation in that hard pressed country is worse. Today we see renewed and even more violent Russian aggression ripping off more ragged bites of Ukrainian territory. 
Now, ten months after Russia’s inva-
sion of its neighbor, we are again see-ing calls for more assistance to Ukraine, including providing weapons that would better enable the Ukrain-ians to defend themselves. But still the White House dithers—baffled again by the complexities of a world that pleads for leadership. Once again we are ab-sent not just leading from behind, which is bad enough, but in many cases not leading at all, and the world con-tinues to look to us for guidance and 
for support in dealing with some of these crises. 
The plight of Ukraine, torn to bits by 
Russian aggression, is among many foreign policy problems that have been aggravated by U.S. policy failures. Those failures have come from a White House isolated in a wasteland of confu-sion. The Obama administration has no coherent strategy for dealing with the world other than, in a now famous par-aphrase, ‘‘Don’t do stupid stuff’’—what-ever that means. But not doing any-thing is stupid stuff, and a lot of times that is exactly what is coming out of the White House nothing. 
At the same time, we in Congress 
need to look at ourselves. We must concede that Congress also has failed to grapple with these pressing issues particularly over the last ten months relative to Ukraine. We also have failed to live up to our constitutional responsibilities. We, too, have failed to offer or compel solutions when congres-sional action could have helped. 
One way in which we can correct that 
record is by giving the Ukrainian crisis our renewed attention. I am happy to say, under Republican leadership, de-spite what we have been prevented from doing in the past ten months, we are now in a position to begin doing just that. 
Why Ukraine, and why does it de-
serve our full attention? For the first time since the Second World War, a Eu-ropean state has invaded and annexed the territory of a neighbor. This out-rageous contravention of every possible standard of state behavior in the mod-ern world passed by without a response that could have reversed the outrage and without the reaction that might forestall it being repeated in other states bordering on Russia. We will see what happens. 
Vladimir Putin’s ruthless ambitions 
have been backed by a massive Soviet style propaganda campaign that con-tinues to include outrageous, bald faced lying by the President of Russia and his most senior Russian officials. They continue to deny what has been obvious to the world and documented, verified facts about Russian troops and equipment flowing into Ukraine and the obvious intentions of further terri-torial expansion. 
Joseph Goebbels, Hitler’s propaganda 
chief, invented the ‘‘big lie’’ theory that Putin is using to great effect. Hit-ler famously said that many people tell small lies, but few have the guts to tell really big ones, and when they do and the lies are repeated over and over, they become a new truth. Tragically, I believe we are at that stage in the Ukraine crisis. 
At the onset of this crisis, I drafted 
and introduced a resolution supporting the territorial integrity of the Ukraine and condemning Russian aggression. Later, I created and introduced the Cri-mea Annexation Non recognition Act and the Russian Weapons Embargo Act. I also cosponsored the Russian Ag-gression Prevention Act and the 
Ukraine Freedom Support Act. Unfor-tunately, none of these measures emerged from the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee during the previous session of Congress, all stymied by the committee’s prior leadership. The only measure that did pass the Senate was one I coauthored and sponsored with Senator D
URBIN , a resolution con-
demning illegal Russian aggression in Ukraine. So the Senate’s record of leg-islative inaction does not show a Sen-ate that has dealt effectively with this international crisis. 
It is more difficult to criticize the 
administration for being ineffective when we in the Senate have also failed to pass almost any meaningful legisla-tion to provide the executive branch with the advice and guidance it so ob-viously requires. I trust the record will improve this year and that change will begin immediately. I believe this is happening, and we will see that on this floor shortly. 
In the meantime, the civil war in 
Ukraine continues and, until last week, almost beneath the radar. With re-newed vigor, separatists, newly armed and reinforced by Russia, are waging latest and continuing battles for terri-tory in eastern Ukraine. There is little pretense at even trying to disguise the involvement of Putin’s Russia in these renewed attacks. At least 6,000 people have been killed by combat in Ukraine, more than 1,000 of them since the lat-est so called cease fire allegedly took effect. At least half a million people are internal refugees. 
But the even greater ongoing tragedy 
is the geopolitical catastrophe. A newly aggressive Russia, driven by de-structive delusions of nationalistic des-tiny, poses a threat to the stability of the region and to Europe itself. This is a completely self-evident reality for our allies on Russia’s periphery, in-cluding those such as Poland and the Baltic States, who in the past have been crushed into nonexistence by Rus-sian aggression. 
If we in Congress together with the 
executive branch and if the United States together with our European al-lies cannot respond to Putin’s Russia in a way that stops this dangerous ag-gression, then he will have won. Putin is counting on the force of his troops and his propaganda machine to create a fait accompli to which we will have little or no reply. He is counting on our distraction and exhaustion to give him a free pass. He is counting on the polit-ical complexity of our democracy to obstruct sound policymaking. And he is counting on us to falter just at the moment when his violent aggression is paying off and his people are prepared for more. 
I am speaking today to urge the Sen-
ate to work quickly to change Putin’s calculations about the costs he and his nation will suffer should Russia not re-turn to rational, responsible modern state behavior. Leading in this manner will not be easy. Yes, we are besieged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.031 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S892 February 10, 2015 
with foreign policy issues. Yes, pro-
viding the needed Senate response and meaningful legislative proposals is dif-ficult. Yes, ultimately the final respon-sibility and leadership rests with the President. But the Senate historically has been instrumental in developing and influencing U.S. foreign policy. At this critical time, we must do so again, and we must do so again particularly because so little comes our way from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MAINE COMMUNITY HEALTH 
OPTIONS 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about a little-discussed aspect of the Affordable Care Act. Before touch-ing on the main subject, I should point out that I think as of tonight there will be more than 11 million Americans who will have already signed up for health care coverage under the Afford-able Care Act so far this year. Of course, the deadline is coming up next week, and this weekend there could be a very large influx of newly insured Americans, which I think is an occur-rence we should all feel very proud of and should celebrate. 
I wish to speak about a part of the 
Affordable Care Act that gets very lit-tle mention, very little discussion, and very little controversy. It is a provi-sion that enables local organizations within a State to form cooperative in-surance entities, to form nonprofits, to provide insurance to their citizens. Today I wish to speak about one of those—and one of the most successful in the country—the Maine Community Health Options program. 
It is a story of an opportunity. It is 
a story of a vision. It is a story of an idea. It is a story of risk taking. It is a story of creative and dedicated Maine professionals who were willing to take a risk and try to implement a new idea. It is one of the health insurance co-ops, as I mentioned, that was established by the Affordable Care Act. The Afford-able Care Act provided the opportunity to develop something new and different in health insurance—a company where purchasers of health insurance also be-come members and then elect other members to serve on the board of direc-tors of their insurance company. 
Kevin Lewis and Robert Hillman, two 
of the founders, saw an opportunity in the ACA to develop this idea they knew was needed to address the challenges of health care coverage for Maine citi-zens. Working with a group of people in Maine who shared their concerns about health care, they built Maine Commu-nity Health Options based on this vi-
sion of meeting Maine’s people’s health insurance needs in a direct and hands- on way. 
Would it work? Nobody knew. When 
the enrollment opened last year, their goal, their hope, their vision was for 15,000 signups. By the time the dust settled at the deadline last spring, they had 40,000 signups. Eighty-three per-cent of the marketplace signups in Maine had signed up with this fledgling 
company. This year, I am told, as of today they have over 60,000 signups. 
I did a tour of their offices recently 
in Lewiston, ME, and we talked about this phenomenon of all the signups that came unexpectedly. It reminded me of a TV commercial we all saw a few years ago where these young people start an Internet startup. They see the sales orders coming in, and they are happy. Then they start to come in even faster, and they get even more excited. Then they start to come in even faster, and they look at each other and say, what do we do now? These people in Maine experienced exactly that. Great, it is working. A few more. Wow, that is great. Then it went crazy. They all shook their heads. When we talked about this in Lewiston a few weeks ago, they said that is exactly the way it felt. 
This sounds simple and straight-
forward, and it wasn’t. When those 40,000 folks were signing up and the systems were challenged, Maine Com-munity Health Options faced those issues head-on. They figured out where the problems were, addressed them, and communicated to members quickly and directly. That is really the Maine way. 
The explosion of growth of this little 
company from zero to 60,000 is a jobs story as well. Maine Community Health Options now employs over 130 people and has even contracted with a local call center in Maine to provide additional customer support during this enrollment period. Even their cho-sen location is a good-news story. It is a great news story for New England and for Maine because they are in an old textile mill. The textile industry flourished in New England up through the 1950s but then left these beautiful old mills in Lewiston, ME. One of these mills—first one floor and now two floors—is being repurposed for this 21st century project of bringing health in-surance to the people of Maine. It is humming with activity, new jobs, and people supporting their families. 
It is also a local control story. Maine 
Community Health Options recently held elections for the board—a board that has to be made up of 51 percent of their individuals who are members who are elected by other members. In other words, the people who use the products and who buy the health insurance are actually making decisions about how those products should be designed. They are responsible to the folks who elect them—like us. 
The structure of the organization is 
only part of the story. I think this is very important. They are also focused 
on the business of health—individual health and community health. They are focused on prevention. 
The cheapest medical intervention of 
all of this is the one that never occurs, because people have preventive care that keeps them from more serious chronic care. They have a chronic ill-ness support program and a tobacco cessation program which are both de-signed to make it easier and cheaper for members to manage chronic care or stop smoking. That is how we are going to save money in the health care sys-tem. They have a behavioral health partnership creating a nearly seamless transition for members in need of short-term mental health services, with no copay for the first three visits. They are doing community outreach. They recognize many people who have never had health insurance coverage before don’t fully understand how to use it. Their community outreach ef-fort includes informational presen-tations on health care for members and nonmembers alike. 
Another part of the good-news story 
is Maine Community Health Options has just expanded its coverage into New Hampshire and is providing a new health care option for the people of New Hampshire. Whereas last year, as I understand it, New Hampshire only had one option on their exchange, now I think they have at least two, and per-haps three or four, one of which I com-mend to the Presiding Officer is based in Lewiston, ME. 
Finally—and I think this is very im-
portant—what has this done for rates? I think we have lost sight of this in the last couple of years. For many years, one of the problems in health care in this country was the exaggerated infla-tion of health care costs—5, 6, 7, 8 per-cent a year was not unusual in the late 1990s and the early first decade of this century. That was the typical, some-what expected inflation in the rates of health care costs—in the cost of health care and, therefore, in insurance rates. 
Maine Community Health Options 
not only has reduced its already com-petitive rates, reduced its rates by 1 percent this year, but that competitive pressure, we believe, has also brought pressure to reduce rates for other pro-viders and other carriers in Maine. 
This is a great news story. This is 
people who saw an opportunity created by the Affordable Care Act to create a new kind of health insurance company that is owned and run by its members, that is delivering health care, quality health care insurance coverage, to the people of Maine and now the people of New Hampshire, that is helping to con-trol costs, and I think most impor-tantly is taking an active role in as-sisting its members in improving their own health. Of course, this is about cost. Of course, it is about access. Of course, it is about all the mechanics of health insurance. But in the end, if the result is healthier people, people who need the intervention of the health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.032 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S893 February 10, 2015 
care system less frequently, that is a 
huge win for those individuals, for our State, for our region, and for our coun-try. 
I come to the floor today just to 
share some good news about an aspect of the Affordable Care Act that is abso-lutely working, and it is making a huge difference in the lives of thou-sands, tens of thousands, of Maine peo-ple. Better health coverage, better health at a lower cost—what is not to like about that formula? 
I am very proud of what these entre-
preneurial individuals in Maine have undertaken and the success they have enjoyed so far. I look forward to work-ing with them as they continue the project that has meant so much to my people. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OUR SOUTHERN BORDER AND 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, last 
weekend—this past weekend—I was privileged to visit our Nation’s border with Mexico. Not my first visit but maybe the most productive, most in-formative visit I have had. I had the opportunity, as a member of the Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee, on which the Pre-siding Officer serves, to visit our Na-tion’s border with Mexico from—really from California, from the Pacific all of the way across the southern part of our country, almost to the Gulf of Mexico. 
I did not cover every square inch of it 
or every mile of that border, but we had a chance to look up close and per-sonal, if you will, to see what we are doing and what we have been doing in California, in parts of Arizona, in parts of Texas. As we all know, those are some big States. But we have been there enough, talked to enough smart people, went with our colleagues, this time with the chairman of our com-mittee now, R
ONJOHNSON from Wis-
consin, and with B ENSASSE, the new 
Member from Nebraska. I am grateful to them for including a former chair-man of the committee and my staff. I thought it was very productive. I learned a lot. I thought I already knew a lot going down there, but I came back even better informed. I hope they felt that way as well. 
We had some discussions going and 
coming about the President’s Execu-tive orders with respect to the status of some of the undocumented folks in our country. I know there is a fair amount of heartburn on the part of our Republican colleagues that the Presi-dent may have acted inappropriately. We understand that unhappiness. My 
hope is that we will not take that un-happiness out on the Department of Homeland Security whose employees 
are working hard to try to do their jobs, to protect us from all kinds of dangers, not just on the borders of our country with Mexico or Canada but all kinds of threats around the world. 
My hope is that at the end of the day 
we will use this dustup, if you will, this disagreement with the President’s ac-tions to provide a sense of urgency to take up and debate again comprehen-sive immigration reform—not next year but this year, not this fall, not this summer but the beginning of this year, now or very close to now. 
One of the things we have learned in 
terms of our own work on the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs is immigration re-form done well—and I do not know how the Presiding Officer voted. I voted for it. I was not crazy about it. My guess is she probably voted for it as well. But was it perfect? No, not by any stretch of the imagination. Was it better than nothing? It sure was. Are there some things I would like to change? You bet there are. 
My hope is that we do immigration 
reform again, hopefully soon, and that we will have the opportunity to keep what is good and valuable in that legis-lation and change the things that are not. But among the things on the posi-tive side that came out of that legisla-tion is, one, the bill, supported by two- thirds of the Senate a year and a half ago, does a couple of things. 
How does it affect gross domestic 
product? How does it affect our econ-omy? It grows it by about 5 percent over the next 20 years. That is a pretty good little stimulus to help make sure the economic recovery continues. So that is something to have us keep in mind. 
The other immigration reform ques-
tion a lot of people back home in Dela-ware asked me was, Immigration re-form, isn’t that going to cost us a lot? Isn’t it going to make the budget def-icit bigger? 
The Congressional Budget Office, 
which is neither Democratic nor Re-publican, has actually studied that, drilled down on that, and here is what they have concluded. The immigration reform, imperfect though it was, that we passed a year and a half ago with strong bipartisan support, would actu-ally reduce our budget deficit over the next 10 years by $200 billion and further reduce our budget deficit over the next 10 years after that by $700 billion. Add those together, it is $900 billion in def-icit reduction. 
We are at a time when, as our Pre-
siding Officer knows, we still have all the deficits down by two-thirds from where it was 5 or 6 years ago. It is still higher than we want it to be. There are actually a number of things we can do to continue to drive it down closer to zero, where we would like it to be. I know I would like that. I know the Presiding Officer feels that way too. One of the things we had in the im-
migration reform bill, as I recall, was some provisions dealing with guest worker programs. What I have heard in my visits to Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, my visit to the border, a lot of the people—it is primarily those three countries from which the great-est numbers of people are coming across the border in South Texas—that is where they are coming from. Are there still Mexicans who come into the United States? Yes. Legally and ille-gally? Yes. 
Last year I am told almost as many 
Mexicans were going back into Mexico from the United States as are coming into the United States from Mexico. The origin of the illegal immigration is Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. People say: Why would anybody allow their 7-, 8-, 9-, 10-year-old daughter or son to literally leave in the arms of a coyote on a train—not on a passenger train but on the top of a train—and try to travel 1,500 miles with all kinds of threats to their life and limb? Why would anybody do that? 
Having been in those countries—Hon-
duras is the murder capital of the world, and I have seen in that country and in Guatemala and El Salvador po-lice who do not police, prosecutors who do not prosecute, judges who do not ad-minister justice, correctional systems that do not try to correct the behavior. 
The school system in Honduras is a 
great example. Kids in Honduras go from—I know the Presiding Officer has young children. Our boys are through school out into the world. But in schools in Honduras, public schools, they go from grade 1 to grade 6. About half the kids actually make it to grade 6. Of the ones who make it to grade 6, only about half of them can read at grade 6 level. As to the ones who actu-ally make it through grade 6, only 5 percent of them can do sixth grade math. That is a problem. 
Several years ago when Hurricane 
Richard came through Honduras, it wiped out half of their secondary roads. In that country, they have electricity costs which are two or three times what they are in the countries to the south of them and to the north of them. Most of the electricity is created by petroleum. It is expensive. What they need to do is use natural gas, bring it down from Mexico, be able to convert that into electricity and build a grid that helps distribute that elec-tricity. 
The other thing they need in that 
part of the world—as a former attorney general, our Presiding Officer knows well how important this is—is to re-store the rule of law. In visiting the three countries—Honduras, I will use again as an example. Until last year, I think their murder rate was about 95 per 100,000 people. That was their mur-der rate. It was the murder capital of the world. 
A number of businesses were shut 
down by extortion because small busi-ness people in Honduras got tired of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.035 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S894 February 10, 2015 
being extorted basically from gangs 
who said: Give me money. If not, I will kill you. Small business owners gave up—15,000 of them. Fifteen thousand small businesses that were there 3, 4, 5 years ago closed. 
The conscription of gang members— 
the Presiding Officer I think has heard me tell this story. But we heard this from one of the folks in Catholic Char-ities in Southern Delaware, in Sussex County, Georgetown, where we have some Guatemalan population from way back—they worked in the poultry in-dustry, some of them—and some of the unaccompanied minors who have come to Southern Delaware, not thousands of them but maybe 100 or more. 
One of the stories was told to us by 
the folks who are trying to provide some help for those young kids. There is a story. It is from Honduras. A 15- year-old boy was conscripted to join a gang. He was told by the gangs: We want you to join the gang. 
He said: I don’t want to join the 
gang. 
A week or two later they came back 
and said: We want you to join our gang. 
He said: I’m not interested in joining 
the gang. 
A little bit later they came back and 
said: If you don’t join this gang, our gang, we’re going to kill somebody in your family. 
He joined the gang, and later on he 
found out about his initiation and what he would have to do as part of his initi-ation into the gang that he did not want to join. 
Part of the initiation was—he had a 
13-year-old sister—he had to rape his 13-year-old sister. Within a week or two that 15-year-old boy and 13-year- old sister were on their way north with a coyote to get out of that country and ultimately ended up in the southern part of our State. 
People say to me: Well, why would 
all those people risk their lives? Can you imagine letting your kids go or my kids go? I cannot imagine that, what has happened, again and again and again. Part of what was reiterated to me on this trip is it is all well and good that we continue to strengthen our borders. We spent a fortune, one-quar-ter of a trillion dollars in the last 10 years to strengthen our borders with Mexico. Are they stronger? You bet they are. Are they totally impervious? No, they are not. Are there things we could do to make them stronger, more stalwart? Of course there are. 
One of the great things about the 
codel that I was privileged to join Chairman J
OHNSON and Senator S ASSE 
on is we basically learned—had rein-forced to us those things that were working. Let’s find out what is work-ing, do more of that, and find out what is not working and do less of that. 
One of the things we have to do is not 
just continue to address the symptoms of the problem—people trying to come across the border. God knows we need to do that. We can. We can do it more smartly, more cost-effectively. The other thing we need to do is to get at 
the underlying root causes. The reason people are coming up, risking life and limb to get through Mexico to get to the United States, is because of the lack of hope, lack of economic oppor-tunity, the corruption they faced in their lives for a number of years. 
What are some of the things we 
learned that are working? The Depart-
ment of Homeland Security folks with whom we met at the border, folks working at the border, Border Patrol, people in aircrafts, helicopters, Home-land Security folks on watercraft, and the people who are running the centers for minors, people who have been de-tained and are being held—and some will be returned; most of the adults will be returned; for folks with crimi-nal records, almost all of them will be returned to their native countries—but I saw some remarkable work. We saw remarkable work being done by em-ployees at the Department of Home-land Security. Coast Guard people are doing it. All kinds of folks are involved in it—ICE, Border Patrol, folks who are working at these very busy land cross-ings where we have billions of dollars’ worth of commerce going through these borders from the United States into Mexico. We have a bunch of them across the southern part of our Nation. Mexico is a huge trading partner with us and we with them. One of my takeaways is, How do we continue to move that commerce, move that com-merce to benefit us, create jobs here and frankly in Mexico as well? How do we do that in a way that makes sure we are doing a good job stopping the human trafficking from coming across our borders, and at the same time make sure the illegal drugs, not just marijuana but especially the cocaine and the heroin that folks are trying to get across our borders by water, by air, by land gets stopped. 
There is a real tension here, and I 
thought we came back with great ideas of how to do a better job of meeting both responsibilities—the stuff we want to keep out of our country, in-cluding people out of the country who are illegal. We can do that. We need to do a better job—I think we are doing a better job—and also at the same time make sure the flow of commerce con-tinues unimpeded. 
The legislation that was passed about 
18 months or so ago with strong bipar-tisan support sought to double, I be-lieve, as I recall, the number of people who work in the Border Patrol doing some of the border security work. We already have about 20,000 people there. I think we have another maybe 20,000 or so who are working the ports of entry to try to make sure we are stop-ping bad people, bad things, including diseases, insects, and all kinds of things that hurt our agriculture econ-omy to try to stop that from getting through. 
The bill we had said we ought to basi-
cally double the number of people who are working on the border for security. Do we need some more people? Yes, we 
especially need them at the ports of entry. 
What we truly need though is some 
technology. I call them force multi-pliers. I am a big believer in drones. I spent a lot of time in my life in Navy P–3 aircraft. One of the joys of the weekend for me was to be on a Navy P– 3 aircraft—the kinds of airplanes I flew on as a mission commander, a naval flight officer on Active Duty, and later as a reservist. I retired as a Navy cap-tain, I think in 1991, but to actually be on a P–3 aircraft again and to take an aircraft that is much older than you and not as old as I, to see that aircraft reconfigured—actually the wings and insides are new as well, the avionics up front—and to see the changes in the equipment that we have, there is better radar, and there is an ability to put that aircraft out over water and to pick up the bad guys whether they are in cigarette boats or a submersible with a periscope poking out of the water. 
There are also helicopters to see 
what we can do as we patrol the Rio Grande River—very low altitudes, twisting and turning and actually find-ing some people trying to get across. 
To look at the drugs and try to un-
derstand what our capabilities are with the drones, I think they are terrific. Are we getting full bang for our bucks? No, we are not. The inspector general from the Department of Homeland Se-curity has issued—not that long ago—a finding that was very critical of the ef-fectiveness of the drones. 
I am convinced there is a great po-
tential there. I am determined. I am sure working with Democrats and Re-publicans and our committee in the Senate and hopefully the House and certainly with the administration. We need to make sure we are getting full value for everything we are putting into the drone technology, in the de-ployment of drones. 
If we are going to spend more money 
on drones, I want to make sure we get our entire money’s worth. I am sure the taxpayers feel that way as well. 
One of my thoughts, aside from the 
technology, I wish to work with the Presiding Officer, with the Repub-licans, and I want to work with the Democrats on comprehensive immigra-tion reform. I want us to finish the work we started, and I want us to do it sooner than later. I hope the money we have to spend in that bill to strengthen our borders, we spend it in a smart way. 
I have mentioned a couple of those 
ways too. One of those is the drones, to make sure we take into account the in-vestigation by the inspector general and his folks and make sure they are being honest and straightforward with us. I am sure they wouldn’t delib-erately mislead us, but I want to make sure we are getting our value. 
I want to mention a couple of other 
things. I spent a little bit of my life in an airplane, some of my time in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.036 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S895 February 10, 2015 
Navy in a P–3. During the Vietnam 
war, we flew a lot of missions off the coast of Vietnam and Cambodia. Our job was to pick up little infiltrator trawlers trying to resupply the Viet Cong and turn them over when we found them, track them to the coast, and turn them over to swift boats and the Coast Guard. That was our job. 
We also did an area of surveillance of 
shipping traffic going into Haiphong Harbor. The capital of North Vietnam, Hanoi, was there. We were trying to make sure we knew what was going in and out of that country. 
When we were doing those kinds of 
missions, largely what we did was we did ocean surveillance, subsurface ocean surveillance. We tracked a lot of Soviet nuclear submarines, diesel sub-marines, to make sure we knew where they were and what they were up to. 
The other thing we did from time to 
time, we would be called on for our Navy P–3 assets to do a search and res-cue. As we have seen from the Malay-sian aircraft that disappeared a num-ber of months ago and the Indonesian aircraft that disappeared a number of months ago, we put the P–3 airplane up there to help search for them. We put them out across the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean with, in many cases, binoculars, but radar was running as well and we were trying to listen to see if there were any radio signals coming out. 
We also came out with binoculars. I 
am going to tell you, looking for people in a boat, looking for wreckage with binoculars from an aircraft out of the ocean at 1,000 feet, 5,000 feet or 10,000 feet, that is very hard to do and not very fruitful. 
We have these fixed-wing aircraft 
that the Homeland Security owns. They are called Cessna 206. They are a single engine and they fly for maybe 5 or 6 hours. They are actually a pretty good platform, but we essentially use them—if we use them at all—with bin-oculars, looking for people coming to our border from Mexico or trying to get across our border. 
That isn’t very smart. There is a sys-
tem called VADER and the VADER system is a highly advanced, sophisti-cated system that enables us to see from 5,000, 10,000, 20,000 feet, day or night, what is coming through our bor-ders, in some cases even in inclement weather. 
For us to fly aircraft, whether they 
are drones, fixed-wing aircraft, what-ever, and not use that technology is not very smart. If we have something that is that good—as I have seen with my own eyes, even on this trip—what an advantage that gives us for being able to detect people coming to our border, across our border or over our border. That is hugely helpful informa-tion. We can deploy our forces by heli-copter, by vehicle or by foot or by horse. 
The Presiding Officer has been to Af-
ghanistan a time or two. I have been there a couple of times myself. I had a chance to see the tethered dirigibles— 
lighter than air—that were used in Af-ghanistan, Kabul and other places, to enable us to surveil through cameras and other assistive devices, surveil what is going on in Afghanistan and in Kabul, for example. They are very help-ful. 
It seemed to me the first time I was 
there—the first couple of times I was at the border—the first thing I asked was why do we use that technology? Why don’t we use that technology, tethered lighter-than-air dirigibles that can go up to 1,000 feet, 2,500 feet, 5,000, 10,000—why don’t we use them along the borders, particularly as we are bringing that equipment tech-nology back from Afghanistan? 
Well, we are starting to do that. One 
of the things we did, we actually were at the tethered dirigible site on the border by the Rio Grande River, and we had the opportunity, with the tethered dirigible up and operating, to actually be in the shack, if you will—there is actually a modern shack right at the base of the dirigible—and see people coming through Mexico—about a half dozen or so—approaching our border and waiting for sundown or dusk to be able to come across the Rio Grande River. 
It gave us the opportunity to know 
they were coming, to marshal our forces, and to have them positioned ap-propriately, if these folks came across, to take them into custody. If they were folks who were not coming here law-fully or for asylum or just looking for an opportunity for a better life or a better economic life or if they were bringing bad stuff—drugs, and a bunch of them do—then we were in a position to deal with that. 
But the technology, the tethered dir-
igible, the technology we can put on those—cameras, radar, great stuff—we ought to be doing more of that. Again, I like to find out what works and do more of that. But that is a great force multiplier and not the only one. 
We also have towers. These are tow-
ers that are not tethered dirigibles. These are towers that are maybe 100, 200 feet in the air. They don’t allow someone, as the dirigible does, to look over the horizon, but they can cer-tainly give a good idea of what is going on for several miles, either way, maybe 2 or 3 miles in radius. The dirigibles go up 10, 15 miles in radius to see what is going on and inform us—in all kinds of weather. But the towers that are on the ground are fine. 
Airboats, one of the exciting things 
we did was add boats, fast boats. We have gone up and down the Rio Grande River—gosh, maybe a mile away. The fellow who was running our boat—I might be getting confused with our hel-icopter—but in any event, as we were doing helicopter runs up and down the river and airboats up and down the river—I think the pilot actually saw something in our helicopter about a mile up going around the bend. He ac-tually picked up visually at least one or two people who were approaching 
the banks of the river on the Mexican side. Sure enough, we ran in on them, and they had a raft there and several people who were apparently trying to come across the river. 
But we have some parts of the Rio 
Grande River—the kind of watercraft we were in works just fine, but there were other parts of the river where we needed airboats because the water was very shallow, and the boats we were in would run aground. So one of the other takeaways in terms of force multiplier is to make sure we have boats, tech-nology that is appropriate, also mak-ing sure we have the communications equipment we need but also making sure we are using things such as air-boats when we need them. 
The other thing I was saying—I 
hadn’t thought about this until right now—but one of the things that is very important for us to better secure our borders is for Mexico to better secure their borders. For Mexico, when folks are trying to get across from these three Central American countries and they are coming toward the southern border of Mexico, Mexico needs to real-ize they have a dog in this fight. If we stop them at our border, that means all these immigrants are going to be in Mexico. It will provide challenges, some problems, if you will, for the Mexican people in some cases. 
Just as a refugee needs a place, needs 
work or needs food or shelter, it is all of those challenges with movement of population such as this. In some cases they are criminals. In most cases they are not, but in some cases they are criminals. Does the Mexican Govern-ment want all of those problems? No, they don’t. They are finally awakening to that and they are doing a much bet-ter job, particularly with their multi- layer approach on their southern bor-der to slow and stop—to some extent— the flow of illegal immigrants coming from the three Central American coun-tries I have mentioned. 
The other thing that Mexico can be 
very helpful with is shutting down train service. I say that with tongue in cheek. There is a train called ‘‘The Beast’’—in fact, several of them. They emanate from southern Mexico. They run the full length of the country, about 1,500 miles. People are able to climb—until at least recently—on top of these freight trains and hold on for dear life or maybe get into the rail car and hunker down, travel the length of the country, and get off as the trains approach the border with the United States. 
It is sort of like riding the Amtrak 
train from Delaware to New Orleans or from Delaware to Chicago and basi-cally not having a ticket, just trav-eling along, a free rider. 
I have said to the Mexican Govern-
ment: Why do you do this? Why do you allow them to do this? We would never let people ride our free trains like this and come down to your country. Why do you allow this? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.042 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S896 February 10, 2015 
God bless them. They finally said: 
Well, we are going to stop that. Instead of having maybe a couple thousand people on ‘‘The Beast,’’ this train—this freight train with people on top of the freight cars holding on for dear life— now we have a handful—maybe a hand-ful—of people allowed to do this, which is helpful. 
The other thing Mexico can be help-
ful in—and they are doing I think a better job—is sharing information with us, the sharing of information. They have an idea of who is coming through their country, who is bringing them, and we need that information. We actu-ally need some more information from Honduras and Guatemala. 
We are getting reasonably good infor-
mation, intelligence from the Mexicans and the other countries, and we need it to be better. To the extent that we get that better information, it enables us to be better positioned to respond with human assets and with some of these force multipliers that I have been talk-ing about. 
I wish to mention—if I could again go 
back to the border crossings. When we think of a border crossing, we think of a road maybe or something, maybe it is a bridge. These are unbelievable. Some of them are huge and unbelievable in-frastructures that have been con-structed with multiple lanes of traffic going each way. Traffic is backed up in some cases for hours trying to get from the United States into Mexico. Maybe they are taking parts down for auto as-sembly and then coming back with fin-ished products. 
But there is a huge flow of trade 
which benefits Mexico and frankly ben-efits us as well. There is an old saying: Time is money. To the extent that folks in a just-in-time economy are trying to move products, trying to move goods, to have to wait for those lengths of time is not good. 
We can do a better job. We need to do 
a better job in terms of the people whom we have working there at the border for us and in terms of the kind of technology we are using. 
I wish to use as an example one piece 
of technology that I saw, something just a little bit bigger than my handheld device here. A woman who is working the border at the crossing for all the trucks trying to come and go— she showed me her handheld device. She said: These are the next six or so trucks lined up to come through from northern Mexico. 
I said: Really? Do you know anything 
about any of them? 
She clicked on one of the trucks. It 
had the history of the truck coming across our border this year—maybe even before this year—and the driver information, about who is the driver, how often has he or she been coming across our border. It is very good stuff. 
We have the ability to detect radi-
ation, the ability to detect shipments of guns, and the ability to detect peo-ple who are in vehicles. That is all well and good, but we need to continue to update and modernize that technology 
at the border and frankly put more money into the infrastructure so that flow of commerce is not impeded to the extent it is today. 
I think that is it, pretty much. I al-
ways think, when I go through a long ramble such as this, I should come back at the end and try to point out a couple of points and repeat what I real-ly want to convey. 
I am really glad we went to the bor-
der. I have learned a lot each time I have gone. I certainly learned a lot this weekend. One of the things that gives me special joy is that it helped me identify and reinforce items such as the tethered dirigible—the kind of technology we can hang on to and de-ploy across the border in all kinds of locations. How important that tech-nology is. 
The other item that came home to 
me was that we spend a huge amount of money on these measures—one-quar-ter of a trillion dollars in the last 10 years on securing our borders. We spent less than 1 percent of that trying to help—along with Mexico, Colombia, and the Inter-American Development Bank—the countries of El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala to become less places of desolation and fear. We want to help them. It is not for us to do this by ourselves. It is not our job. What do they say at Home Depot? You can do it; we can help. In this case it would be like Colombia. In Colombia, 20-some years ago, what happened was a bunch of gunmen rounded up their supreme court justices, took them into a room and shot them to death—11 jus-tices of their supreme court. Colombia was oppressed on the one hand by left-ist guerillas and on the other hand by narco drug lords. A lot of people said they were going down. But they made it, in part with our help and Plan Co-lombia. 
The folks who—the presidents of 
Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador have come up, with our encourage-ment, with their own Plan Colombia to focus on, among other things, restoring the rule of law, going after corruption, making sure police police, prosecutors prosecute, judges administer justice, and correctional systems prisons actu-ally correct behavior. 
They are looking at the schools. Kids 
are finishing up after grade 6 and, frankly, without the skills they need to do much of anything. So they are looking to make sure those schools are producing students better equipped and prepared to be gainfully employed. 
Also, as I said, half of the secondary 
roads in Honduras were wiped out after Hurricane Mitch. Half of them were wiped out, and there is a need for them, with maybe some help from a bunch of us—Mexico, Colombia, NGOs, and non-profits—to work on that. 
The other thing is the energy piece. 
If they are going to have jobs down there, they need to have affordable en-ergy, and it is not going to be from the continued use of electricity through the use of petroleum but through low- 
priced natural gas and by strength-ening their grid—really, to build and rebuild their electric grid. 
So those are some of my take-aways. 
I wanted to share some of those with my colleagues. 
I hope we don’t shut down the De-
partment of Homeland Security. They do important work for us, and we need them to be on the job. Frankly, we don’t need a continuing resolution be-cause that just hampers their ability to move assets around to meet one challenge that is greater than another. Hopefully, we will not have the kind of flood events we had last summer. Hope-fully, we won’t. 
We are doing some smart messaging 
campaigns down in those three Central American countries, and with the co-operation of the governments, we are saying: Look, this is really what you are going to find when you try to come through Mexico and this Texas border. This is what the real truth is, and this is what you are going to run into when you get into the United States. It is the kind of truth campaign we are de-livering with the help of those govern-ments to try to reduce the attraction for coming. 
But I came away more hopeful than 
maybe I was when I went down. There is reason for hope, but there is plenty 
to do—plenty to do. 
If we can somehow put our political 
differences aside, I hope we will con-tinue to fund the Department of Home-land Security so they can do their jobs. There are a lot of good people working for us around the world, and we don’t need to hamper them further. 
Finally, let’s work on immigration. 
Let’s roll up our sleeves and do this year a better job than what we tried to do 2 years ago—a better job. The Amer-ican people sent us here to do that. 
With that, I conclude my remarks. I 
thank you for your patience and atten-tion. 
I saw one of my colleagues walk on 
the floor. He is a Senator from another small but mighty State, the State of Rhode Island, and I am happy to yield for Senator W
HITEHOUSE to make what-
ever remarks he wishes to make. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I might point out that not only are Delaware and Rhode Island both small and mighty, but they are small, mighty, and coastal, which is relative to the topic of my remarks this after-noon. I am now here for the 89th con-secutive week that Congress has been in session to urge the Senate to wake up to the risks of climate change and to address the carbon pollution that is causing climate change. 
We have a particular context for this 
conversation this week. The Founding Fathers in article I, section 8 of the Constitution granted to Congress a sa-cred duty, as the Constitution says, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.043 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S897 February 10, 2015 
‘‘provide for the common defense and 
general welfare of the United States.’’ 
To that end, we have built the 
world’s greatest military and the most sophisticated intelligence and national security services. After the attacks of September 11, 2001, we undertook the largest reorganization of the Federal Government in half a century to stand up the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. We trust these national security agencies and the dedicated profes-sionals who lead them and serve in them to ascertain and prepare for the risks facing our country in an uncer-tain world. But the tea party wing of the Republican caucus has chosen to hold up appropriations for vital Home-land Security programs—programs that protect Americans from ter-rorism, programs that help our States prepare for disasters—all to have a quarrel with the President on immigra-tion. 
Well, when we get to immigration—if 
our friends on the House side ever get to immigration—we could certainly de-bate the merits of the President’s ac-tion. Certainly, we should pass legisla-tion to fix our broken immigration sys-tem so the President’s Executive ac-tions are no longer necessary. And, by the way, in the Senate we did our job and passed a strong bipartisan bill. But to deny the Department of Homeland Security the resources it needs to safe-guard the Nation is foolhardy. 
Now, it is precisely because of that 
duty to safeguard the Nation that we should take our homeland security and military professionals seriously when they take seriously the threats posed by climate change. I think we should have a vote on a resolution high-lighting the fact findings of our na-tional security, military, and intel-ligence services about the climate threat. This resolution would express the sense of the Senate that the con-clusions of our security professionals are not products of some hoax or decep-tion perpetrated on the American pub-lic and that they deserve our respect. 
That ought to be something every 
Senator can get behind. Let’s look at some of the information. Just last week the administration’s 2015 Na-tional Security Strategy classified cli-mate change as ‘‘an urgent and grow-ing threat to our national security.’’ It is because this is serious that the United States is out there actively cut-ting pollution and strengthening resil-ience at home and leading the inter-national community towards stronger carbon pollution standards. 
The challenge that climate change 
poses to national security and to emer-gency preparedness is clearly laid out in the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s 2014 Quadrennial Homeland Secu-rity Review. It describes the effects of climate change as threat multipliers, with the potential to aggravate haz-ards to American safety and health. For example, higher temperatures may change patterns of disease and the spread of pests and pathogens. Competition for resources can con-
tribute to the kind of social desta-bilization that engenders terrorist ac-tivity all around the world. 
You don’t have to look far to see that 
today. Extreme weather and tempera-tures endanger the infrastructure that underpins our economy and way of life—from roads and bridges that now run too close to rising seas, to power and water treatment plants, to tele-communications and cyber networks. 
As Assistant Secretary David 
Heyman of the DHS Office of Policy and Assistant Secretary Caitlin Durkovich of the Office of Infrastruc-ture Protection explained to our own Senate Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs just last year: 
The projected impacts of climate change, 
including sea level rise and increasing sever-ity and frequency of extreme weather events, can cause damage or disruptions that result in cascading effects across our communities, with immeasurable costs in lives lost and billions of dollars in property damage. 
Why would we not want to take that 
seriously? 
We heard just the same message in 
the Budget Committee just last week from OMB Director Shaun Donovan. 
Already, the annual number of costly 
weather-related disasters is going up. According to NOAA, in the 1980s—in that decade—if you look at the number of natural disasters costing $1 billion or more, in each year of the 1980s there were between zero and five. That was the range for the 1980s—between zero and five $1 billion weather events. In the 1990s that rate rose to between three and nine events each year. Then in 2000 it went up to between 2 and 11 events per year. Since 2010, in the cat-egory of $1 billion disasters each year, the range has been between 6 and 16. 
So from the 1980s, it was 0 to 5, until 
this decade when it is 6 to 16. If people can’t take that seriously, they are sim-ply not meeting their responsibilities. 
Superstorm Sandy caused tens of bil-
lions of dollars in damage, including terrible losses in my home State of Rhode Island. Across New England, Sandy destroyed thousands of homes, left millions without electric service, and caused more than 100 deaths across nine States. Of course, we cannot say this one devastating storm was specifi-cally caused by climate change, but we do know that carbon pollution loads the dice for more and more severe ex-treme weather such as Sandy. 
Sandy sure showed how vulnerable 
we are to this kind of catastrophic change. Climate change presents secu-rity challenges in every corner of the homeland. To the south, DHS predicts that more severe droughts and storms could increase both legal and illegal movements across the U.S. border— from Mexico, from Central America, and from the Caribbean. 
My Republican colleagues insist that 
protecting our border is a top pri-ority—fine. I hope that means they will take seriously the warnings from our national security professionals about 
the destabilizing effects of climate change and its effects, in turn, on our border. 
If you move up north to the State of 
Maine, our former colleague, Olympia Snowe, has just written an article in Newsweek magazine. I will read the opening: 
In late 2014, fishery regulators an-
nounced that for the second consecu-tive year there would be no shrimp fishery in the gulf of Maine this winter. The culprit: principally warming ocean waters caused by climate change. 
She goes on to describe another phe-
nomenon that scientists dubbed an ocean heat wave in the spring of 2012 that led to an early molt and migra-tion of lobsters that caused a supply glut and subsequent price collapse. 
Now if you know anything about Maine, you know lobsters are pretty important to Maine. Senator Snowe’s conclusion: ‘‘The message here is clear: climate change is taking dollars and jobs away from fishing communities.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that her article be printed at the conclusion of my remarks. 
To the far north, melting sea ice 
opens the Arctic for shipping, tourism, and resource extraction, but also for smuggling and illicit resource extrac-tion and environmental disasters. It is a whole new frontier to be patrolled and protected by our Coast Guard, part of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, at taxpayer expense. 
Former Coast Guard Commandant 
ADM Robert Papp, Jr., is now the U.S. Special Representative to the Arctic Region. He has got the job to help man-age risk in this remote but increas-ingly accessible region in the world, and he had this to say about managing the consequences of climate change. Admiral Papp said: 
I am not a scientist. I can read what sci-
entists say, but I am in the world of con-sequence management. My first turn in Alas-ka was 39 years ago, and during the summer-time we had to break ice to get up to the Bering Strait and to get to Kotzebue. Thirty- five years later, going up there as com-mandant, we flew into Kotzebue at the same time of year. I could not see ice anywhere. So it is clear to me that there are changes happening, but I have to deal with the con-sequences of that. 
The men and women of our homeland 
and national security forces deal in real-world consequences. They don’t have the luxury of skirting the evi-dence or shrugging off serious adult risk analysis. 
It is just as true at the Department 
of Defense as it is at the Department of Homeland Security. As ADM Samuel J. Locklear, III, the Navy Commander of the U.S. Pacific Command, puts it, it is ‘‘. . . not my venue to debate the poli-tics of any issue. All I do is report what I see and what I think I see, and the implications.’’ 
Admiral Locklear, our chief naval of-
ficer in the Pacific Command, has 
called climate change the biggest long- term security threat in the Pacific, be-cause as he sees it, ‘‘it is probably the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.037 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S898 February 10, 2015 
most likely thing that is going to hap-
pen that will cripple the security envi-ronment.’’ 
Our colleagues may think it is funny 
to ignore climate change in this body while they depend so heavily on fund-ing from the fossil fuel that is behind the pollution. They should listen to ad-mirals who are responsible for our se-
curity when they tell us it is probably the most likely thing that is going to happen to cripple the security environ-ment. 
Last May, the CNA Corporation re-
leased a report on the risks climate change poses to our national security. This report was led by 15 generals and admirals from all 4 branches of the United States military. Here is what they said: 
The national security risks of projected 
climate change are as serious as any chal-lenges we have faced. 
That is what they wrote. They con-
tinued: 
We are dismayed that discussions of cli-
mate change have become so polarizing and have receded from the arena of informed public disclosure and debate. . . . Time and tide wait for no man. 
Our military intelligence and home-
land security services have been warn-ing Congress for far too long about the risks of climate change. It is a derelic-tion of duty for this body to continue to ignore this problem. It is time to heed the warning. It is time to respon-sibly prepare for the clear risk before us, and it is time to wake up. 
I yield the floor. I see the majority 
leader is present on the floor. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Newsweek, Feb. 9, 2015] 
LACK OF ACTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE IS 
COSTING FISHING JOBS 
(By Senator Olympia Snowe) 
In late 2014, fishery regulators announced 
that for the second consecutive year, there would be no shrimp fishery in the Gulf of Maine this winter. The culprit? Principally, warming ocean waters caused by global cli-mate change. 
Maine in particular is feeling this climate 
pinch: The water temperature in the Gulf of Maine increased eight times faster than the rest of the world’s oceans in recent years, ac-cording to a 2014 study by Andrew Pershing, chief scientific officer at the Gulf of Maine Research Institute. 
As a result, while the shrimp fishery is the 
first to close in New England primarily as a result of our changing climate, it is unlikely to be the last. Some of the Gulf of Maine’s depleted stocks of groundfish, particularly Gulf of Maine cod, have been slow to rebuild from overfishing in the 1980s and 1990s in part as a result of warming water. Lobster has been disappearing from its traditional habitat in southern New England. 
Meanwhile, the iconic lobster industry in 
Maine has experienced record landings in re-cent years, but more and more of the catch is coming from areas further down the coast toward Canada. And a phenomenon that sci-entists dubbed an ‘‘ocean heat wave’’ in the spring of 2012 led to an early molt and migra-tion of lobsters that caused a supply glut and subsequent price collapse. 
The message here is clear: climate change 
is taking dollars and jobs away from New England’s fishing communities. Scientists, fishery managers and industry 
members recognize the necessity of better understanding this phenomenon, and numer-ous research projects are already underway. For example, the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration and Rutgers Uni-versity have partnered to analyze data from oceanographic and fisheries-dependent stud-ies. Their project, OceanAdapt, has con-firmed that fish species off the northeast United States are collectively moving to higher latitudes and deeper water in search of the cooler temperatures they require to survive. 
Of course, fishermen are the ones who 
know their ocean the best. So in order to get their perspective on what they are experi-encing on the water, the Center for Amer-ican Progress (CAP) commissioned a poll of participants in the groundfishery as well as the lobster fisheries in Maine and Massachu-setts. 
The CAP poll shows that majorities of all 
these fishermen and women believe climate change poses a significant risk to their in-dustry, as warming waters lead to lower profits and lower catch limits. Respondents are deeply concerned these impacts could force them from the fishery or result in the disappearance of traditional markets for their product. 
This perspective is consistent with the 
findings of the ‘‘Risky Business’’ report re-leased last June by a bipartisan committee co-chaired by Michael Bloomberg, Hank Paulson and Tom Steyer. I was involved as a member of this project’s ‘‘Risk Committee,’’ which found that the American economy faces significant and diverse economic threats from the effects of climate change— rising seas, increased damage from storm surge, and more frequent bouts of extreme heat—all of which will have measurable im-pacts on our nation. 
Each geographic region analyzed by the 
project faces distinct and significant eco-
nomic risks. Here in the northeast, projec-tions are already showing that temperature increases in Gulf of Maine waters will re-strict habitat for commercially vital species such as cod and lobster. In addition, sea lev-els are likely to rise by two to four feet in Boston by the end of the century threatening to swamp coastal infrastructure, including the wharves and fish houses critical to sus-taining our fishing industry. 
These numbers fail to reflect the potential 
for dramatic ‘‘storm surge’’ events, in which higher sea levels combine with more intense weather activity to increase flooding and storm damage. The Risky Business research finds that these kinds of impacts, combined, could increase annual property losses along the northeast coast from $11 billion to $22 billion—a two- to four-fold increase from current levels. 
As vigorous policy debates continue in 
Washington, the economic impact of address-ing climate change and transitioning to a lower carbon economy is understandably a key issue—and one that is not the domain of one side versus the other. Here in New Eng-land’s fishing communities, there is serious and legitimate concern for the fishing jobs that will be lost if we don’t act to rein in the emissions warming and acidifying our waters and causing sea levels to rise. 
The loss of Maine’s $5 million shrimp fish-
ery should serve as a warning. A similar blow to our $300 million lobster fishery must be avoided at all costs. That will require honest, fact-based discussion and a genuine bipartisan commitment to solutions. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT 
LASKOWSKI 
∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is 
with great pleasure that I speak on be-half of the Delaware Delegation to honor the exemplary service of the president and CEO of Christiana Health Care System, Dr. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Laskowski. He served in this position since 2003, and during that time he transformed the largest not-for-profit 
health care system in Delaware into an award-winning hospital organization with a national reputation of patient quality and innovation. Bob is now re-tiring after more than two decades of serving Christiana Care. He is a tre-mendous leader and true advocate for the patient and health-care worker, as well as a devoted husband to his wife, Kathy, and loving father to their chil-dren and grandchildren. His hard work, leadership and willingness to work to-gether on transforming the health care system in Delaware and the Nation will truly be missed. 
Bob used his leadership role at 
Christiana to cultivate philanthropic endeavors in the community. He lives ‘‘The Christiana Care Way’’ of serving our neighbors as respectful, expert, caring partners in their health. Under his leadership, Christiana Care has given back millions of dollars to the Delaware community. 
Bob is a graduate of the University of 
Pennsylvania School of Medicine with a master’s degree in business adminis-tration from the University of Penn-sylvania’s Wharton School of Business. He is a board-certified internist spe-cializing in geriatric medicine who un-derstands the needs and priorities of health care professionals, as well as the business of running a health care sys-tem. 
Bob’s reach extends far beyond Dela-
ware’s borders. He is nationally recog-nized for his work on health care trans-formation. He fearlessly took on the challenge of making Christiana Care Health System a model for other hos-pital systems around the country. Bob’s notable accomplishments include expanding the Helen F. Graham Cancer Center & Research Institute to a 200,000-square-foot state-of-the-art fa-cility that serves the majority of can-cer patients in Delaware. This National Cancer Institute selected Community Cancer Center is a national model for care and a leader in enrolling patients in clinical trials. He also led Christiana Care in earning recognition by the American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Pro-gram as 1 of only 37 hospitals in the Nation achieving ‘‘meritorious’’ out-comes for surgical patient care in 9 clinical areas. His expertise is sought out throughout the country as he serves on the board of directors of the Association of American Medical Col-leges and on its finance and executive compensation committees. He serves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.038 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S899 February 10, 2015 
on the American Medical Association 
Section on Medical Schools, and is a former member of the American Hos-pital Association Section for Health Care Systems Governing Council and the Health Management Academy Chief Executive Officers Forum. 
Apart from his work in the health 
care field, Bob is an excellent cook, honing his skills in his own kitchen and cooking for colleagues and guests. He also spends his time playing piano, violin, the accordion, and is currently learning Spanish. 
On behalf of Senator C
HRIS COONS and 
Congressman J OHN CARNEY , I whole-
heartedly thank Dr. Bob Laskowski for his service to Christiana Care and our State. His model leadership and dedica-tion has improved the quality of life for not only Delawareans, but patients and health care workers around the Nation. We offer our sincere congratu-lations on a job well done and wish him many happy, healthy, and successful years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 6:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 203. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychi-atrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–638. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to per-sons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–639. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ukraine that was originally declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–640. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the National Secu-rity Strategy of the United States of Amer-ica; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–641. A communication from the Board 
Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Congressional Justification of Budget Esti-mates Report for fiscal year 2016; to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–642. A communication from the Man-
agement Analyst, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspen-sion of Flock Delivery and Stages of Poultry Production’’ (RIN0580–AB23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–643. A communication from the Execu-
tive Resources Program Manager, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Counsel, Small Busi-ness Administration, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2015; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–3. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio urging Congress to continue the full funding and production of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter’s technology; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NUMBER 54 
Whereas, Ohio has a strong history of sup-
porting our military; and 
Whereas, Our military at Wright-Patterson 
Air Force Base is leading the way by con-ducting a significant portion of the testing of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter’s tech-nology; and 
Whereas, The members of our military 
need the latest high-quality technology sup-porting them as they protect our nation and ensure peace overseas and at home; and 
Whereas, The F–35 provides fifth genera-
tion technology that is unmatched by any other weapons system in the world and should replace the current aging fleet of United States military aircraft that no longer meets global emerging challenges; and 
Whereas, Our military families deserve the 
peace of mind that we are supplying our military with the most advanced multi-role fighter ever built to protect their family members; and 
Whereas, Fifty-six Ohio manufacturers 
contribute to the production of parts of the F–35 and more than 4,300 skilled, experienced Ohioans have jobs producing this technology directly and indirectly; and 
Whereas, The F–35 program has more than 
$442 million in economic impact in this state; and 
Whereas, Congress is currently considering 
its commitment to full funding and produc-tion of the F–35; and 
Whereas, The United States has been in-
vesting in the production of the F–35 for more than a decade and will lose the benefits of this investment if full funding and planned production is not continued: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the General Assembly of the 
State of Ohio urges the Congress of the United States to continue the full funding and production of the F–35 in order to ensure that Ohio and our nation will benefit from the advanced technology that thousands of Ohioans have labored to produce; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives transmit duly authenticated copies of this resolution to the President of 
the United States, the President Pro Tem-pore of the United States Senate, the Sec-retary of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the members of the Ohio Congressional delegation, and the news media of Ohio. 
POM–4. A resolution adopted by the Mayor 
of Madisonville, Kentucky expressing sup-port for the maintenance of current troop levels at Fort Campbell and to urge Congress to oppose any reductions; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive report of a 
nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
*Ashton B. Carter, of Massachusetts, to be 
Secretary of Defense. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. K ING, Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. K AINE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. W ICKER , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. M URPHY , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. 
SCOTT): 
S. 420. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 421. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to provide for greater trans-parency and efficiency in the procedures fol-lowed by the Federal Communications Com-mission, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 422. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to clarify the use of credentials by enrolled agents; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. S COTT, Mr. H ELLER , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. 
TESTER ): 
S. 423. A bill to amend the Gramm-Leach- 
Bliley Act to provide an exception to the an-nual written privacy notice requirement; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ): 
S. 424. A bill to promote unlicensed spec-
trum use in the 5 GHz band, to maximize the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.017 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S900 February 10, 2015 
use of the band for shared purposes in order 
to bolster innovation and economic develop-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. 425. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. AYOTTE: 
S. 426. A bill to amend chapter 6 of title 5, 
United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure com-plete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
L
ANKFORD , Mr. K IRK, and Mr. K ING): 
S. 427. A bill to reduce the number of non-
essential vehicles purchased and leased by the Federal Government, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 428. A bill to amend titles XIX and XXI 
of the Social Security Act to provide for 12- month continuous enrollment under Med-icaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ASEY , 
and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 429. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to provide a standard defi-nition of therapeutic foster care services in Medicaid; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. 
NELSON , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. 
WYDEN ): 
S. 430. A bill to prohibit the marketing of 
electronic cigarettes to children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
SCOTT, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
TESTER , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B URR, Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. K IRK, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. V ITTER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. C OATS , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
ROBERTS , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. L EE, 
Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. F LAKE ): 
S. 431. A bill to permanently extend the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , and Mr. P ORTMAN ): 
S. 432. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt certain small businesses from the employer health insur-ance mandate and to modify the definition of full-time employee for purposes of such man-date; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. B URR, Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. D ONNELLY , and 
Mr. P ORTMAN ): 
S. 433. A bill to establish a benefit calcula-
tion methodology with respect to currency undervaluation for purposes of counter-vailing duty investigations and reviews, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-
nance. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. 434. A bill to strengthen the account-
ability of individuals involved in misconduct affecting the integrity of background inves-tigations, to update guidelines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing back-ground investigation fieldwork services and investigative support services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
ROBERTS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. S HELBY , and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. 435. A bill to amend chapter 1 of title 1, 
United States Code, with regard to the defi-nition of ‘‘marriage’’ and ‘‘spouse’’ for Fed-eral purposes and to ensure respect for State regulation of marriage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: 
S. 436. A bill to promote youth athletic 
safety and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): 
S. 437. A bill to provide for congressional 
approval of national monuments and restric-tions on the use of national monuments, to establish requirements for the declaration of marine national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. E NZI, and 
Mr. D AINES ): 
S. 438. A bill to provide for the repair, re-
placement, and maintenance of certain In-dian irrigation projects; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENNET , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
DURBIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. U DALL , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 439. A bill to end discrimination based 
on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Ms. S
TABE -
NOW, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. K ING, Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. I SAKSON , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. L EAHY , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and 
Mr. S ANDERS ): 
S. 440. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for an exclusion for assistance provided to participants in 
certain veterinary student loan repayment or forgiveness; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. 
R
UBIO, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. G ARDNER , and Ms. 
HIRONO ): 
S. 441. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Administration’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manufacturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. R EID, 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. S TABENOW , and 
Mr. C OONS ): S. 442. A bill to establish within the De-
partment of Education the Innovation Inspi-ration school grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR: 
S. 443. A bill to prohibit the long-term 
storage of rail cars on certain railroad tracks unless the Surface Transportation Board has approved the rail carrier’s rail car storage plan; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. 444. A bill to support afterschool and 
out-of-school-time science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 445. A bill to increase students’ and bor-
rowers’ access to student loan information within the National Student Loan Data Sys-tem; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. C ORKER , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
GARDNER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
ROBERTS , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. Res. 72. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the January 24, 2015, attacks carried out by Russian- backed rebels on the civilian propulation in Mariupol, Ukraine, and the provision of le-thal and non-lethal military assitance to Ukraine; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 48 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 48, a bill to prohibit discrimi-nation against the unborn on the basis of sex or gender, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 165 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 165, a bill to extend and en-hance prohibitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 192, a bill to reau-thorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 207, a bill to require the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.011 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S901 February 10, 2015 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use ex-
isting authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 209 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 209, a bill to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self- Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
S. 210 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
210, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or cer-tification required by reason of a per-manent change in the duty station of such member to another State. 
S. 226 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 226, a bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law. 
S. 238 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 238, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to of-ficers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient services. 
S. 259 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 259, a bill to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heaters. 
S. 264 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S ES-
SIONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
264, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. RISCH) and the Senator from Nevada 
(Mr. H ELLER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions im-posed with respect to Iran and to im-pose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. T ESTER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed serv-ices who have a service-connected dis-ability to receive both disability com-pensation from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for their disability and ei-ther retired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat- Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 286 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 286, a bill to amend the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act to provide further self- governance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes. 
S. 290 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
290, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 291 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
291, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for ex-tensions of detention of certain aliens ordered removed, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 295 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 295, a bill to amend sec-tion 2259 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insur-ance Program through a care coordina-tion program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and low-ering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ), the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) 
and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in com-memoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 317 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 317, a bill to improve early edu-cation. 
S. 322 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 322, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-clude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their depend-ents from gross income. 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 326, a bill to amend the Healthy For-ests Restoration Act of 2003 to provide cancellation ceilings for stewardship end result contracting projects, and for other purposes. 
S. 327 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 327, a bill to provide for auditable financial statements for the Department of Defense, and for other purposes. 
S. 332 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 332, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the extension of the Medicare-dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hos-pital program. 
S. 335 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 335, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
356, a bill to improve the provisions re-lating to the privacy of electronic com-munications. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 370, a bill to require breast density reporting to physicians and pa-tients by facilities that perform mam-mograms, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.014 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S902 February 10, 2015 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and 
the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 373, a bill to provide for the establishment of nationally uniform and environ-mentally sound standards governing discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel. 
S. 375 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 375, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide a reduced rate of excise tax on beer produced domestically by certain qualifying producers. 
At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 375, supra. 
S. 402 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 402, a bill to establish a Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Master Teacher Corps program. 
S. 404 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 404, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit taking minors across State lines in cir-cumvention of laws requiring the in-volvement of parents in abortion deci-sions. 
S. RES. 52 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 52, a resolution calling for the release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was cap-tured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. K ING, 
Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and 
Mr. S ANDERS ): 
S. 440. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for an exclusion for assistance provided to participants in certain veterinary stu-dent loan repayment or forgiveness; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program Enhance-ment Act that I am introducing today with Senator D
EBBIE STABENOW of 
Michigan. This bipartisan legislation would address the shortage of veteri-narians in many areas of this Nation by helping to increase the placement of more veterinarians in areas of the country where they are desperately needed. 
Veterinarians are a critical part of 
ensuring our access to a safe and high- quality food supply. Americans depend on veterinarians to help ensure food safety and public health, improve ani-mal health and welfare, promote sus-tainable economic development and safeguard our homeland from foreign animal disease. Unfortunately, nearly every state has a rural community that is suffering from a shortage in es-sential veterinary services. 
To help address this concern, in 2003, 
Congress established the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program, VMLRP. This program assists selected food animal and public health veteri-narians with student loan repayment for a three-year commitment to prac-tice in areas of the country facing a veterinarian shortage. This program helps veterinarians with daunting stu-dent loan debt with making a living in a community where starting a practice may be otherwise financially impos-sible. Through the program, more than 280 veterinarians have been placed in communities throughout the country— a benefit for food safety, the commu-nities, farmers and ranchers, the vet-erinarians and more. 
The problem is the VMLRP is subject 
to a significant Federal withholding tax on the assistance provided to quali-fying veterinarians. This affects the amount of limited resources that can go toward this worthy effort and the reach of its benefits. The legislation we are introducing will address this by providing an exemption from the Fed-eral income withholding tax for pay-ments received under the VMLRP and similar State programs. Thus, more veterinarians would have the oppor-tunity to practice in small, rural com-munities where their services are so desperately needed and more commu-nities will have much-needed veteri-narian services. 
To illustrate the need for the Veteri-
nary Medicine Loan Repayment Pro-gram Enhancement Act, consider the following example. In October 2014, the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Na-tional Institute of Food and Agri-culture announced more than $4.5 mil-lion was awarded to 51 veterinarians through the VMLRP. The awards an-nounced in October will fill shortage needs in 22 States. However, estimates show that if this withholding tax were to be eliminated, an additional veteri-narian could be placed in a shortage area for every three currently partici-pating in the program. That means ap-proximately 17 additional awards could have been issued last year had this tax been eliminated. 
This legislation would also help bring 
the tax treatment of this program in line with the tax treatment of assist-
ance for doctors and nurses who are serving areas of the country in need through the National Health Service Corps’ loan repayment program. In 2004, Congress exempted the benefits available under the National Health Service Corps’ loan repayment program from the federal withholding tax. En-actment of the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Enhancement Act would create tax parity for the coun-terpart program for veterinary medi-cine. 
So far, 15 Senators—including Sen-
ators T
HAD COCHRAN , JOHNNY ISAKSON , 
JIMRISCH, PATROBERTS , MICHAEL BEN-
NET, KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND , AMYKLO-
BUCHAR , ALFRANKEN , M AZIE HIRONO , 
ANGUS KING, Jr., P ATLEAHY , BERNIE  
SANDERS , and T AMMY BALDWIN —from 
both sides of the aisle have cosponsored this important legislation and 152 na-tional and local organizations support the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repay-ment Program Enhancement Act. Con-gress can help ensure that every com-munity across America has access to needed veterinary care. Please join us in this effort to place more veterinar-ians in areas of the country where they are desperately needed and support passage of this bipartisan, common-sense legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATEMENT OF SUPPORT FOR THE VETERINARY  
MEDICINE LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM EN-
HANCEMENT ACT 
The undersigned organizations urge Con-
gress to pass the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program (VMLRP) Enhancement Act to address the challenges rural areas face in accessing veterinary services for live-stock medicine and public health and to maximize funding congress appropriates for VMLRP so that it can be stretched further to fill shortage areas across the country. 
By exempting the loan repayment awards 
from a 39 percent withholding tax, Congress will make it possible for one additional vet-erinarian to be selected to participate for every three currently working in federally designated areas. Since 2010, the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture has selected 286 veteri-narians to practice in nearly every state across the country. If the VMLRP program awards were exempt from withholding taxes, then roughly 100 additional veterinarians could have served rural communities during that same time period. 
It is time for every American community 
to gain access to needed veterinary services. Congress can ensure that our nation’s live-stock are healthy, our food supply is safe and secure, and public health is protected by passing the Veterinary Medicine Loan Re-payment Program Enhancement Act this session. 
Sincerely, 
American Veterinary Medical Association, 
Association of American Veterinary Medical Colleges, Academy of Rural Veterinarians, Alabama Veterinary Medical Association, Alaska Veterinary Medical Association, American Animal Hospital Association, American Academy of Veterinary Nutrition, American Association for Laboratory Ani-mal Science, American Association of Avian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.016 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S903 February 10, 2015 
Pathologists, American Association of Bo-
vine Practitioners, American Association of Corporate and Public Practice Veterinar-ians, American Association of Equine Practi-tioners, American Association of Feline Practitioners, American Association of Food Safety Veterinarians, American Association of Industry Veterinarians. 
American Association of Mycobacterial 
Diseases, American Association of Public Health Veterinarians, American Association of Small Ruminant Practitioners, American Association of Swine Veterinarians, Amer-ican Association of Veterinary Clinicians, American Association of Veterinary Labora-tory Diagnosticians, American Association of Zoo Veterinarians, American Board of Veterinary Practitioners, American Board of Veterinary Toxicology, American College of Laboratory Animal Medicine, American Col-lege of Poultry Veterinarians, American Col-lege of Theriogenologists, American College 
of Veterinary Dermatology, American Col-lege of Veterinary Internal Medicine, Amer-ican College of Veterinary Pathologists. 
American College of Veterinary Radiology, 
American Dairy Goat Association, American Dairy Science Association, American Farm Bureau Federation
®, American Feed Indus-
try Association, American Goat Federation, American Holistic Veterinary Medical Asso-ciation, American Horse Council, American Rabbit Breeders Association, American Sheep Industry Association, American Soci-ety of Animal Science, American Society of Laboratory Animal Practitioners, American Veal Association, American Veterinary Med-ical Foundation, Animal Agriculture Alli-ance, Animal Health Institute, Animal Pol-icy Group, Arizona Veterinary Medical Asso-ciation. 
Arkansas Veterinary Medical Association, 
Association for Women Veterinarians Foun-dation, Association of Avian Veterinarians, Association of Veterinary Biologics Compa-nies, Association of Zoos & Aquariums, Bayer Animal Health, Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica, Inc., California Veterinary Med-ical Association, Center for Rural Affairs, Colorado Veterinary Medical Association, Connecticut Veterinary Medical Association, Delaware Veterinary Medical Association, District of Columbia Veterinary Medical As-sociation, Elanco Animal Health (A Division of Eli Lilly & Company), Federation of Ani-mal Science Societies, Florida Veterinary Medical Association, Georgia Department of Agriculture, Georgia Veterinary Medical As-sociation. 
Greater Kansas City Chamber of Com-
merce, Hawaii Veterinary Medical Associa-tion, Idaho Cattle Association, Idaho Veteri-nary Medical, Association, Kansas Bio-science Authority, Kansas City Animal Health Corridor, Kansas City Area Develop-ment Council, Kansas City Area Life Sciences Institute, Kansas Veterinary Med-ical Association, Kentucky Veterinary Med-ical Association, Illinois State Veterinary Medical, Association, Indiana Veterinary Medical Association, Iowa Veterinary Med-ical Association, Lesbian and Gay Veteri-nary Medical Association, Livestock Mar-keting Association. 
Louisiana Veterinary Medical Association, 
Maine Department of Agriculture, Conserva-tion & Forestry, Maine Veterinary Medical Association, Maryland Veterinary Medical Association, Massachusetts Veterinary Med-ical Association, Merck Animal Health, Michigan Veterinary Medical Association, Minnesota Board of Animal Health, Min-nesota Veterinary Medical Association, Mis-sissippi Veterinary Medical Association, Missouri Veterinary Medical Association, Montana Veterinary Medical Association, Mycobacterial Diseases of Animals Multistate Initiative, National Association of Federal Veterinarians, National Associa-
tion of State Animal Health Officials, Na-tional Association of State Departments of Agriculture, National Association of State Public Health Veterinarians, National Asso-ciation of Veterinary Technicians in Amer-ica. 
National Chicken Council, National Coun-
cil of Farmer Cooperatives, National Farm-ers Union, National Food Animal Veterinary Institute, National Grange, National Insti-tute for Animal Agriculture, National Live-stock Producers Association, National Milk Producers Federation, National Pork Pro-ducers Council, National Renderers Associa-tion, National Turkey Federation, Nebraska Veterinary Medical Association, Nevada Vet-erinary Medical Association, New England Veterinary Medical Association, New Hamp-shire Veterinary Medical Association, New Jersey Veterinary Medical Association, New Mexico Veterinary Medical Association, New York State Veterinary Medical Society. 
Northeast States Association for Agri-
culture Stewardship, North American Meat Institute, North Carolina Veterinary Medical Association, North Dakota Veterinary Med-ical Association, Ohio Veterinary Medical Association, Oklahoma Department of Agri-culture, Food and Forestry, Animal Industry Division, Oklahoma Veterinary Medical As-sociation, Oregon Veterinary Medical Asso-ciation, Pennsylvania Veterinary Medical Association, Pet Food Institute, Poultry Science Association, Puerto Rico Veterinary Medical Association (Colegio de Medicos Veterinarios de Puerto Rico), R-CALF United Stockgrowers of America, Rhode Is-land Veterinary Medical Association, Rocky Mountain Farmers Union. 
Rural & Agriculture Council of America, 
South Carolina Association of Veterinarians, South Dakota Veterinary Medical Associa-tion, Student American Veterinary Medical Association, Tennessee Veterinary Medical Association, Texas Animal Health Commis-sion, Texas Veterinary Medical Association, United Egg Producers, United States Animal Health Association, US Cattlemen’s Associa-tion, US Poultry & Egg Association, Utah Veterinary Medical Association, Vermont Veterinary Medical Association, Virginia Veterinary Medical Association, Washington State Veterinary Medical Association, West Virginia Veterinary Medical Association, Wisconsin State Veterinarian, Wisconsin De-partment of Agriculture, Trade, and Con-sumer Protection, Wisconsin Veterinary Medical Association, Wyoming Veterinary Medical Association, Zoetis. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 72—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE JANU-ARY 24, 2015, ATTACKS CARRIED OUT BY RUSSIAN-BACKED REBELS ON THE CIVILIAN PROPULATION IN MARIUPOL, UKRAINE, AND THE PROVISION OF LETHAL AND NON-LETHAL MILITARY ASSISTANCE TO UKRAINE 
Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
CORKER , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. K IRK, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 72 
Whereas Russian-backed rebels continue to 
expand their campaign in Ukraine, which has already claimed more than 5,000 lives and generated an estimated 1,500,000 refugees and internally displaced persons; 
Whereas, on January 23, 2015, Russian- 
backed rebels pulled out of peace talks with Western leaders; 
Whereas, on January 24, 2015, the Ukrain-
ian port city of Mariupol received rocket fire from territory in the Donetsk region con-trolled by rebels; 
Whereas, on January 24, 2015, Alexander 
Zakharchenko, leader of the Russian-backed rebel Donetsk People’s Republic, publicly announced that his troops had launched an offensive against Mariupol; 
Whereas Mariupol is strategically located 
on the Sea of Azov and is a sea link between Russian-occupied Crimea and Russia, and could be used to form part of a land bridge between Crimea and Russia; 
Whereas the indiscriminate attack on 
Mariupol killed 30 people, including 2 chil-dren, and wounded 102 in markets, homes, and schools; 
Whereas, on April 19, 2000, the United Na-
tions Security Council adopted Resolution 1296, reaffirming its strong condemnation of the deliberate targeting of civilians; 
Whereas, even after the Russian Federa-
tion and the Russian-backed rebels signed a ceasefire agreement called the Minsk Pro-tocol in September 2014, NATO’s Supreme Allied Commander, General Philip Breedlove, reported in November 2014 the movement of ‘‘Russian troops, Russian artil-lery, Russian air defense systems, and Rus-sian combat troops’’ into Ukraine; 
Whereas, on January 24, 2015, NATO Sec-
retary General Jens Stoltenberg stated, ‘‘For several months we have seen the presence of Russian forces in eastern Ukraine, as well as a substantial increase in Russian heavy equipment such as tanks, artillery, and ad-vanced air defense systems. Russian troops in eastern Ukraine are supporting these of-fensive operations with command and con-trol systems, air defense systems with ad-vanced surface-to-air missiles, unmanned aerial systems, advanced multiple rocket launcher systems, and electronic warfare systems.’’; 
Whereas, on January 25, 2015, after Rus-
sian-backed rebels attacked Mariupol, Euro-pean Council President Donald Tusk wrote, ‘‘Once again appeasement encourages the ag-gressor to greater acts of violence; time to step up our policy based on cold facts, not il-lusions.’’; 
Whereas, on November 19, 2014, at a Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate confirmation hearing, Deputy National Secu-rity Adviser Anthony Blinken stated that the provision of defensive lethal assistance to the Government of Ukraine ‘‘remains on the table. It’s something we’re looking at.’’; 
Whereas the Ukraine Freedom Support Act 
(Public Law 113-272), which was passed by Congress unanimously and signed into law by the President on December 18, 2014, states that it is the policy of the United States to further assist the Government of Ukraine in restoring its sovereignty and its territorial integrity to deter the Government of the Russian Federation from further desta-bilizing and invading Ukraine and other independent countries in Central and East-ern Europe, the Caucasus, and Central Asia; and 
Whereas the Ukraine Freedom Support Act 
authorizes $350,000,000 in fiscal years 2015– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.019 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S904 February 10, 2015 
2017 for the President to provide the Govern-
ment of Ukraine with defense articles, de-fense services, and military training for the purpose of countering offensive weapons and reestablishing the sovereignty and terri-torial integrity of Ukraine, including anti- tank and anti-armor weapons; crew weapons and ammunition; counter-artillery radars; fire control and guidance equipment; surveil-lance drones; and secure command and com-munications equipment: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
The Senate— 
(1) condemns the attack on Mariupol by 
Russian-backed rebels; 
(2) urges the President to provide lethal 
and non-lethal military assistance to Ukraine as unanimously supported by Con-gress in the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113-272); 
(3) calls on the United States, its European 
allies, and the international community to continue to apply economic and other forms of pressure on the Russian Federation, espe-cially in the form of sanctions, if the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation continues to refuse to cease its aggression in Ukraine; 
(4) calls on the Government of the Russian 
Federation to immediately end its support for the rebels in eastern Ukraine, allow Ukraine to regain control of its internation-ally-recognized borders, and withdraw its military presence in eastern Ukraine; and 
(5) expresses solidarity with the people of 
Ukraine regarding the humanitarian crisis in their country and the destruction caused by the military, financial, and ideological sup-port of the Government of the Russian Fed-eration for the rebels in eastern Ukraine. 
SEC. 2. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this resolution shall be con-
strued as an authorization for the use of force or a declaration of war. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Relief for Community Banks and Credit Unions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a subcommittee hearing enti-tled ‘‘Keeping Goods Moving.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2015, at 10:10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Getting to Yes on Tax Reform: What Lessons Can Congress Learn from the Tax Reform Act of 1986?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2015 at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Iran Nuclear Negotia-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Reemergence of Vaccine-Prevent-able Diseases: Exploring the Public Health Successes and Challenges.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The majority leader. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 11, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, February 11; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for up to 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats control-ling the final half. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. So, Mr. President, 
if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the re-marks from Senators M
ORAN , CARDIN , 
and S TABENOW . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
ISIL ATTACKS AND THE AUMF 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I want to 
comment on an interview that was published yesterday, quoting the Presi-dent. In an interview published yester-day, the President spoke about a num-ber of issues facing the United States. During that interview he had com-mentary on terrorism and he ref-erenced the January attacks in Paris, France, in what I would describe as a very concerning way. The President ad-dressed the attacks in Paris as ‘‘ran-domly shooting a bunch of folks in a deli.’’ 
The President’s stated perception of 
the hostage taking and murder of four Jews in a kosher supermarket in that way—we ought to all be concerned. When asked to clarify the President’s comments today, the White House stat-ed that the Jewish victims of this at-tack were ‘‘killed not because of who they were, but because of where they randomly happened to be.’’ 
The White House today suggested 
that because there were non-Jews in the kosher supermarket named Super Kosher, the attack did not specifically target Jews. 
The State Department restated this 
explanation today, refusing to say that an attack on a kosher supermarket that killed four Jews could be Jewish. The absurdity of this logic is apparent. Let me give you a hypothetical. If an attack occurs in a synagogue or in a church or in the American Embassy, are we really to accept the idea that on the chance that there were diverse peo-ple there, that that somehow disquali-fies the possibility that members of the group who would predominantly fre-quent that place might be targeted? In other words, if somebody who happened to work in an American embassy but is not an American is killed in an attack, would we reach the conclusion that the attack on the embassy is not an attack on America? 
The Obama administration’s logic 
doesn’t make sense and it is difficult to understand what they are trying to convey. It is also contrary to the open source media reports about the attack. Reuters reported that the perpetrator of the attack called a French television station to declare his allegiance to the Islamic State and stated his intentions to target Jews. Given this information, the Obama administration’s now re-peated comments that chalked this up to randomness—that is just amazing to me, that it is just random, this attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.021 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S905 February 10, 2015 
in Paris. The fact that four Jews were 
killed at a kosher supermarket, it is just random. 
It is dangerous for our government 
leaders to reach such a conclusion and for us to be operating as we make a de-termination of how to proceed next in the war on terror to reach the kind of conclusions the President, his spokes-persons, and the State Department are reaching. 
The Islamic State, the organization 
the perpetrators of the Paris attack claim allegiance to, has made a point to persecute various ethnic and reli-gious minorities. The denial of anti-mi-nority or anti-Semitic motivations in this case gives me hesitation about whether the President understands the true nature of the threat we now face. This comes in the context of a report that the administration is soon to present to Congress for approval an au-thorization for the use of military force against Islamic State fighters. 
Authorizing a war is a decision that 
should be made with the fullest of in-formation and the most complete un-derstanding possible. The Obama ad-ministration should be doing every-thing it can to clearly describe the threat our country faces—in fact, that people around the globe face—and a strategy that will be employed under this potential authorization to use force. If we don’t know who we are fighting, how can we have a strategy to prevent the death and destruction those enemies will cause? The stakes are way too high to operate under any-thing but a clear understanding of the significant challenges our country faces. It makes no sense to describe something different than reality. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
f 
NATIONAL CHILDREN’S DENTAL 
HEALTH MONTH 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to recognize February as Na-tional Children’s Dental Health Month. Every year since 1981 we have acknowl-edged the importance of children’s den-tal health and worked to ensure that all children have access to proper oral health. As former U.S. Surgeon Gen-eral C. Everett Koop reminded us, ‘‘There is no health without oral health.’’ 
Today tooth decay is the single most 
common chronic childhood disease—5 times more common than asthma, 4 times more common than early child-hood obesity, and 20 times more com-mon than diabetes. Despite the fact that tooth decay can be prevented, nearly half of all 5-year-olds have expe-rienced tooth decay. 
Left untreated, tooth decay can not 
only destroy a child’s teeth and health but also have a severe negative impact on a child’s quality of life. Because children with severe tooth decay are frequently in constant pain, they are often unable to learn, play, or interact with others. Recent studies have shown 
that children with poor oral health are nearly three times more likely to miss school due to dental pain, and children reporting recent toothaches are four times more likely to have lower grade point averages than peers without den-tal pain. 
Good oral health is essential for our 
children to thrive. It is simply unac-ceptable that 16.5 million children are denied basic dental care each year. The health and well-being of every child de-pends on access to affordable care for all of his or her health needs, including dental services. 
Tooth decay and oral health prob-
lems also disproportionately affect children from low-income families and minorities. According to the National Institutes of Health, about 80 percent of dental disease in children is con-centrated in 25 percent of the popu-lation, and children from poor families face an inordinately high barrier in re-ceiving dental care. To these children, the consequences of poor health care can be devastating. 
Many have heard me speak before, in-
cluding on the floor of the Senate, about the tragic loss of Deamonte Driver, a 12-year-old Prince George’s County resident who died in February of 2007. Deamonte’s death was particu-larly traumatic because it was entirely preventable. It is outrageous that only a few years ago a young boy died in our country because his family was unable to find a dentist to remove an infected tooth. By the time he was evaluated at the Children’s Hospital emergency room, the infection had spread to Deamonte’s brain. After multiple sur-geries and a lengthy hospital stay, he passed away. 
This was a tragic loss of life that was 
completely preventable, and a waste of terrible resources. A person’s life, hun-dreds of thousands of dollars, and all it took was $80 in dental care to save his life. 
I recently heard another story that 
gives me both hope in the future and strength and resolve to guarantee that all Americans have access to proper dental care. Ronald shared his story at the 2-day Mission of Mercy Health Eq-uity Festival at the University of Maryland, where he waited 15 hours at the charity clinic to have a tooth pulled that had been troubling him for 2 years. Prior to the charity clinic, Ronald had been living with two choices: endure increasingly worse pain or go into debt to pay for dental care. A working man, Ronald had spent $800—his entire life savings—to get a tooth fixed in 2012, but it continued to bother him. He recently paid a dentist for relief. The dentist suggested a more expensive procedure, but Ronald was unable to pay the high cost. So it was just a bandaid, he said. Now he is be-hind with his landlord and trying to catch up. 
Ronald talked, however, with great 
pride about his 9-year-old soccer-play-ing daughter, who waves away candy and drinks water instead of soda. ‘‘I 
didn’t know about oral health when I was her age,’’ he said. Like many other children in Maryland, Ronald’s daugh-ter has access to dental care through our State’s Children’s Health Insurance Program. She has coverage for pedi-atric dental, she learns about oral health in her school, and she is taking steps to make sure she has proper oral health. She has coverage if she needs to see a dentist. 
Thanks to CHIP, we now have the 
highest number in history of children who are insured with medical and den-tal insurance. CHIP provides afford-able, comprehensive health coverage to more than 8 million children from working families—people who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but can-not afford private insurance. CHIP also provides funding for school-based health centers that are critical to pro-viding dental services to at-risk chil-dren. I have visited these schools and have seen firsthand how effective they are in delivering dental care to our children. However, if Congress does not act to reauthorize funding for CHIP be-fore September 30, the program’s fund-ing will run out and millions of chil-dren will again be at risk. 
I am very proud that my State of 
Maryland has been recognized as a na-tional leader in pediatric dental health. In the 2010 Pew Center report on the state of children’s dental health, Maryland earned an A and was the only State to meet seven of the eight policy benchmarks for addressing children’s dental health needs. 
In addition, in the Maryland Health 
Benefit Exchange, every plan except one includes pediatric dental coverage as part of the comprehensive medical plan, so families don’t have to pay a separate premium for pediatric dental coverage and they don’t have an addi-tional out-of-pocket cost. 
In the Affordable Care Act, we in-
cluded pediatric dental as part of the essential benefits; therefore, every family now has access to affordable pe-diatric coverage. That is primarily of-fered to most of the people in our State through a universal policy, meaning that they don’t have to pay a separate premium or copayment. 
Dental diseases are chronic, progres-
sive, and destructive over time. Yet too often oral health care is overlooked or ignored. We have made great progress, but there are still millions of children in our country without dental care. We must continue to work to ensure that all Americans have access to both med-ical and dental care, as no citizen of our country should ever have to choose between going into debt and receiving proper health care. 
The health care system was not there 
for Ronald, but thanks to CHIP and the Affordable Care Act, it has the poten-tial to help his daughter stay healthy for years to come. 
Let’s pledge to do more for our chil-
dren, starting with a reauthorization of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.039 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S906 February 10, 2015 
the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-
gram—CHIP—including the guaranteed pediatric dental benefits. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, we 
are in a countdown of sorts right now, and it is one I am deeply concerned about. On February 27, the funding for the Department of Homeland Security of our country runs out, and that is 17 days from now. Only 17 days from now, our Border and Customs and air traffic controllers, air security, Coast Guard— all of those agencies and all of the peo-ple involved in protecting us from the terrorist threats all around us—will lose their funding in one way or the other if we don’t act. 
On Sunday morning in Michigan, we 
had a reminder of the threat that ex-ists within our borders. A man crashed his truck into a U.S. Coast Guard sta-tion in Grand Haven on the west side of Michigan. Then he assaulted members of the Coast Guard, which is, by the way, a Department of Homeland Secu-rity facility and will be affected by what is going to happen. The man claimed to have explosives in his truck. Fortunately, that turned out not to be true. Still, local officials ini-tially called it ‘‘an act of domestic ter-rorism.’’ 
Department of Homeland Security of-
ficials have been working alongside other Federal agencies and local law enforcement to investigate. My col-leagues can imagine how people on the west side of Michigan are feeling right now and how members of the Coast Guard are feeling about this. 
This is the work the men and women 
of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity do every day in every part of Michigan, in every part of our country, in every part of our cities, including the District of Columbia, and in the communities we all represent. Frankly, people are scratching their heads right now about what in the world is going on. 
I appreciate the fact there are dis-
agreements with the President regard-ing immigration policy. Certainly, we 
can debate that. We can discuss it. The Republican leader can bring up the issue of immigration at any time on the floor of the Senate. But that should not be tied to whether we fund the De-partment of Homeland Security for our country. Homeland security funding should not be held hostage to what I view as the politics of the moment on immigration. We may have a disagree-ment in terms of immigration issues, but we should not have any disagree-ment about the need to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
We rely on the Department of Home-
land Security to provide our transpor-tation security at shipping ports and at all of our airports. We all go back and forth every single week. Millions of Americans are counting on the fact that people at our airports—people we see and people we don’t see—are keep-ing us safe from attacks—the pas-sengers, the cargo. 
Michigan is a border State. We are 
the largest northern border crossing in the country for goods, services, and people coming back and forth from De-troit to Windsor. It is the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security—Border and Customs—who are keeping our borders safe every day. 
We rely on the Department of Home-
land Security to protect us against nu-clear attacks, chemical attacks, and cyber attacks every day. In recent years, major American financial insti-tutions have been attacked by hackers. I have been in a situation as a cus-tomer of a major company getting that notice in the mail about my credit card. Millions of Americans have been in that situation. We expect that we are going to make sure we are pro-tecting people’s information, their fi-nancial security, the financial security of businesses. That is what is done through the Department of Homeland Security. 
Seventeen days from now, if we don’t 
act to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security, we will see the funding for that Department stop. 
Chinese hackers targeted the U.S. 
Transportation Department Command, which directs the global movement of U.S. military forces. Hackers have gone after America’s transportation and communications infrastructure over and over again. 
This is very serious. This is very seri-
ous. This is not about politics or dif-ferences of opinion with the United States or having some leverage by holding funding up in order to get something else that group of people wants to get. This is about whether we 
are going to straight-up fund the secu-rity operations of our country. We have terrorists and terror threats all around us. Look at the globe—all around us. This is not the time to play politics with Homeland Security funding. 
Last year we passed, with a huge ma-
jority, a bipartisan immigration bill. Immigration deserves a debate. There will be differences of opinion. I still think there is a broad bipartisan coali-tion to do comprehensive reform that makes sense for everyone, makes sense for America. But this is not the time to say: It is either my way or the high-way. Either I get the changes I want or I will say to the President of the United States that he is wrong, that he is playing politics, whatever it is, and I am going to hold up the security of our country in order to do it. 
I think most people in Washington 
are saying: What in the world is going on here? Terror threats are all around us, and we are 17 days away from a shutdown of the Department of Home-land Security. This makes absolutely no sense to me. Frankly, we can do bet-ter than that as an institution, as the U.S. Senate. We can do better in Con-gress than constantly having these roller coasters up and down and threats of government shutdowns. We have seen it before. We are now seeing the possibility of it again. 
Seventeen days from now, if Home-
land Security is shut down, if we aren’t funding our border, cockpits, airport security, ports, the Coast Guard, and all the other things that keep us safe, there is going to be a big party. Do you know who is going to throw that party? The enemies of America. The terrorists who want very much to have the oppor-tunity to attack our country. That makes absolutely no sense. 
Let’s come together this week before 
we leave. We are not in session next week. We can get this done. Let’s just pass the Homeland Security budget and get on with important debates on other topics that we all care about. I hope we can do that and get this done as soon as possible. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:18 p.m., 
adjourned until Wednesday, February 11, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.040 S10FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E181 February 10, 2015 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
Americans making more than one million dol-lars a year will get a tax break. Not because Congress approved one, but because they’ve already reached the maximum amount of in-come that is subject to the Social Security tax. That’s right—those making more than one mil-lion dollars have already reached the income cap of $118,500, and we’re not even six weeks into the year. 
This gaping loophole allows billionaire 
hedge fund managers and corporate CEOs to pay a lower percentage of their income into Social Security than teachers, police officers and healthcare workers. Ninety-four percent of American workers pay Social Security tax on all of their income. But the wealthiest six per-cent are exempt from doing the same. By closing this loophole, we can make sure that every American pays exactly the same per-centage of their income into Social Security. 
Ending this tax racket for the wealthy also 
ensures that Social Security will continue pay-ing full benefits to every single American who pays in. We have a choice: we can tell our children and grandchildren that their Social Security benefits will be cut in order to main-tain a regressive tax that benefits only the richest six percent, or we can close this loop-hole and guarantee that if you pay into the program, you will receive the full Social Secu-rity benefits you were promised. 
Unfortunately, this is not the conversation 
that has dominated Washington, DC in recent years. Instead, some of my colleagues in Con-gress would prefer to manufacture a crisis in order to privatize the entire system, leaving seniors’ benefits at the mercy of Wall Street power brokers. They want you to think the system cannot be fixed and that Social Secu-rity as we know it is doomed. We can prove them wrong. If every American pays their fair share into the system, we can make sure the government fulfills its obligation to America’s seniors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SENIOR MASTER SER-
GEANT RONALD CARL HOUGHTALEN 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of Senior Master Sergeant Ronald Carl Houghtalen. A native of Bing-hamton, New York and currently a resident of Clay, New York, who subsequently has more than 34 years of military service with the United States Air Force and New York Air Na-tional Guard. Sergeant Houghtalen has been 
decorated with numerous medals, awards, and service distinctions and will retire from military service on 1 December 2014. It is my honor to recognize such a distinguished citizen and airman. 
Sergeant Houghtalen began his military ca-
reer in the United States Air Force, in Sep-tember of 1981. On completion of basic train-ing at Lackland Air Force Base, Texas, in Oc-tober 1981, Sergeant Houghtalen began tech-nical school training as an Electronic Warfare Systems Specialist at Keesler Air Force Base, Biloxi, Mississippi. In September 1982, he was assigned to the 416th Bombardment Wing, Strategic Air Command as an Electronic War-fare Systems Specialist, at Griffiss Air Force Base, New York. He began on-the-job training for his five-skill level on the B–52G ‘‘Buff’’ air-craft and remained in that position until No-vember 1984. 
In November 1984, Sergeant Houghtalen 
was reassigned to the 81st Tactical Fighter Wing, Tactical Air Command, Flight-line Branch, Royal Air Force Bentwaters- Woodbridge, England, in support of United States Air Forces in Europe operations. While assigned with the 81st Component Repair Squadron, he performed duties as Electronic Warfare Systems Technician and Phase Dock Supervisor on the A–10A ‘‘Warthog’’ aircraft, which provided Offensive-Defensive Electronic Counter-measures and Close Air Support of ground forces and battlefield air interdiction in support of NATO ground forces. 
After completion of his tour in November 
1986, Sergeant Houghtalen was reassigned to the 379th Bombardment Wing, Strategic Air Command, Aircraft Maintenance Squadron, Wurtsmith Air Force Base, Michigan. He was assigned as an Electronic Warfare Systems Technician Supervisor performing integrated jamming systems maintenance and super-vision of B–52H advanced Electronic Warfare systems troubleshooting and repair. He was also selected to assist with the research and development of a new automated Electronic Warfare system and automatic and Semi- Automatic Support Equipment that would en-hance Electronic Warfare maintenance and aircraft protection systems for the B–52H air-craft. Upon completion of his second active duty tour in March of 1990, Sergeant Houghtalen transferred to the 174th Tactical Fighter Wing, Aircraft Maintenance Branch, Avionics Maintenance Squadron, New York Air National Guard, Hancock Field in Syracuse, New York, and was assigned as an Electronic Warfare Technician and Integrated Avionics Maintenance Technician on the F–16A/B ‘‘Fal-con’’ aircraft. 
On 17 August 2006, as the Logistics Readi-
ness Flight Superintendent, Sergeant Houghtalen volunteered for an Air Expedi-tionary Force deployment in support of the Global War on Terrorism and was tasked to assemble, organize and deploy the first Rede-ployment Action Team to Ali Al Salem Air Base, Kuwait. Assigned to the 386th Expedi-tionary Mission Support Group, he coordinated the arrival and off-load of cargo from three Air 
National Guard Wings transported by Sealift Command to Ali Al Salem AB and the on-load of cargo to C–130 aircraft for intra-theater air-lift, in support of combat operations throughout Iraq and Afghanistan during Operation Endur-ing Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. On 19 February 2007, Sergeant Houghtalen re-turned to active duty to redeploy with his Team to Ali Al Salem AB for his ninth over-seas tour where he successfully redeployed all cargo used down range, in support of combat operations, and returned it to the respective Air National Guard Wings throughout the United States. 
Sergeant Houghtalen was employed as a 
174th Fighter Wing Air National Guard Techni-cian from May 1990 to January 2010. He held positions in the 174th Maintenance Squadron as an Integrated Avionics Maintenance Tech-nician, 174th Maintenance Group as the Main-tenance Operations Center Superintendent, 174th Fighter Wing as the Wing Plans Super-intendent and the 174th Logistics Readiness Squadron as the Logistics Readiness Flight Superintendent for F–16 and MQ–9 aircraft. On 2 January 2010 he transferred from his full-time technician position to the Department of Defense, Defense Contract Management Agency and remained a member of the 174th Fighter Wing as a Traditional Guardsman. In March 2011, Sergeant Houghtalen transferred assignment to Joint Forces Headquarters (JFHQ), Latham, New York. 
His last military assignment was with Joint 
Forces Headquarters-New York as the Do-mestic Operations Services Superintendent, Joint Task Force-5/FEMA Region II. While as-signed, he performed duties with the Joint Ex-ercise Control Group to plan, conduct, educate and train Joint Task Force-5 and supporting state, county and local emergency agency managers. He functioned as part of the Serv-ices Command and Control Headquarters Staff that responds to Homeland Defense and Civil Support within and outside the Conti-nental United States contingency operations. Between 13 and 20 May 2012, Sergeant Houghtalen led New York Air National Guard Services members to provide lodging and feeding support for over 400 support per-sonnel during a Homeland Response Force Exercise conducted in Oriskany, New York. He was ordered to State Active Duty between 29 October and 14 November by the Gov-ernor, in response to Hurricane Sandy at Joint Forces Headquarters, New York, and as-signed to Joint Operations Center J1 Staff re-sponsible for Manpower status and reporting in support of relief operations. 
In January 2013, Sergeant Houghtalen de-
ployed to Washington DC where he provided mission support for the 57th Presidential Inau-guration as a key member of the Joint Task Force-J4, playing a pivotal role in the logistics operation, providing critical transportation and sustainment contingency planning for the movement of over 6000 personnel and several tons of cargo. From 22 April to 3 May 2014, Sergeant Houghtalen provided direct support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.001 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E182 February 10, 2015 
during the Headquarters Reserve Forces Ex-
ercise conducted in Oriskany, NY. Where he planned, organized, and executed operations, providing leadership and logistical coordination for twelve Services Support personnel from five New York Air National Guard Wings, suc-cessfully demonstrating contingency support capabilities in a Domestic Operations environ-ment utilizing the Disaster Response Mobile Kitchen Trailer and their ability to respond to a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nu-clear event for Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency Region II HRF, Joint Task-5, Joint Forces Headquarters, New York. He completed his military career and retired on 1 December 2014 after more than 34 years combined service, with nearly 10 years of 
Federal Active Duty and the remainder with the New York Air National Guard. 
Sergeant Houghtalen holds a Bachelor of 
Arts Degree in Management, Cum Laude, Co-lumbia College, Associate of Arts Degree in Management, Columbia College, Associate Degree in Business Administration and Logis-tics Management, Community College of the Air Force, Associates Degree in Applied Science, Avionics Systems Technology, Com-munity College of the Air Force. He is a grad-uate of the United States Air Force Senior Air Force Noncommissioned Officer Academy, Air Force Noncommissioned Officer Academy, and the Air Force Noncommissioned Officer Leadership School where he received the Commandant’s Award. 
Sergeant Houghtalen’s military decorations 
include the Meritorious Service Medal with one oak leaf cluster; the Air Force Commendation Medal, with one oak leaf cluster; the Air Force Achievement Medal; and the Army Achieve-ment Medal. His military unit and achievement awards include the Joint Meritorious Unit Award, one oak leaf cluster; the Air Force Out-standing Unit Award with Combat ‘‘V’’ device and six oak leaf clusters; the Air Force Good Conduct Medal, with two oak leaf clusters; and the Air Reserve Forces Meritorious Service Medal, with seven oak leaf clusters. His mili-tary campaign and service awards include the National Defense Service Medal, with one bronze service star; the Armed Forces Expedi-tionary Service Medal; the Southwest Asia Service Medal, with three bronze campaign stars; the Global War on Terrorism Expedi-tionary Medal; the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal; the Air Force Overseas Long Service-Long Tour Ribbon, the Air Force Lon-gevity Service Ribbon, with seven oak leaf clusters; the Armed Forces Reserve Medal with silver hourglass device, mobilization ‘‘M’’ device, and numeral ‘‘9’’; the Noncommis-sioned Officer Professional Military Education Ribbon with three oak leaf clusters; the Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon with one service star device; and the Air Force Training Ribbon. Sergeant Houghtalen’s Foreign Serv-ice awards include the Kuwait Liberation Medal from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with Palm device and the Kuwait Liberation Medal from the Government of Kuwait. 
Sergeant Houghtalen also holds the fol-
lowing New York State awards and decora-tions: the New York State Long and Faithful Service Award, with one gold shield device; the New York State Desert Storm Service Medal; New York State Operation Iraqi Free-dom Ribbon; New York State Operation En-during Freedom Ribbon; the New York State Defense of Liberty Medal; New York State Conspicuous Service Cross; the Medal for Hu-
mane Service to New York State. He also holds service awards from other states that in-clude the Mississippi Emergency Service Medal for Operation Vigilant Guard Relief, Hurricane Katrina; the District of Columbia Na-tional Guard Community Service Ribbon in support of the 57th Presidential Inauguration. 
His effective dates of promotion are: Air-
man—17 October 1981; Airman First Class— 30 August 1982; Senior Airman—1 September 1984; Sergeant—1 September 1985; Staff Sergeant—1 January 1987; Technical Ser-geant—1 June 1995; Master Sergeant—1 Jan-uary 2000; Senior Master Sergeant—27 Feb-ruary 2002. 
He is also the recipient of the following rec-
ognition awards: the Onondaga Community College Veteran of the Month 1994; the Red Flag Superior Performer in 1999; the Presi-dential Support Secret Service Augmentee award in 1999; the American Red Cross Vet-erans Award in 2000; the Air Combat Com-mand Inspector General Superior Performance Award in 2000 and 2003; the Phase II Oper-ational Readiness Inspection Superior Per-former in 2000; 174th Fighter Wing Base Honor Guard Team Superior Performer Award in 2003, Air Combat Command Inspector Gen-eral Deployment Support Organization Supe-rior Performance Award in 2003; and the 174th Fighter Wing Phase 1 Operational Readiness Exercise Superior Performer award in 2004. 
Sergeant Houghtalen is a past member of 
the Air National Guard Noncommissioned Offi-cer Academy Graduate Association, the Asso-ciation of the Old Crows, and the Air Force Association; he is still an active member of the 174th Attack Wing Base Honor Guard. 
Senior Master Sergeant Ronald Houghtalen 
resides in the Town of Clay with his wife Shar-on Houghtalen. He has one daughter and one son, Staff Sergeant Briana Houghtalen, 174 Attack Wing and Senior Airman Ryan Houghtalen, 152 Air Operations Group. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard and Thelma Houghtalen of Binghamton, New York (De-ceased). 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, from 
January 28, 2015 through February 5, 2015, I missed recorded votes #49–#68. I was unable to vote, as I contracted the flu and was con-sidered contagious at the time. My doctor ad-vised me to remain home until my fever sub-sided. Despite receiving the flu shot, I was one of the many Americans to come down with the flu this year. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I was in attendance: 
On Roll Call #49 I would have voted no 
(Motion to Recommit). 
On Roll Call #50 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 351, LNG Permitting Cer-tainty and Transparency Act). 
On Roll Call #51 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 361, Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act). 
On Roll Call #52 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 615, Department of Home-land Security Interoperable Communications 
Act). 
On Roll Call #53 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 623, Social Media Working Group Act). 
On Roll Call #54 I would have voted yes 
(Previous Question). 
On Roll Call #55 I would have voted yes 
(Agreeing to Resolution, H. Res. 70). 
On Roll Call #56 I would have voted yes 
(Approving the Journal). 
On Roll Call #57 I would have voted no 
(Motion to Recommit). 
On Roll Call #58 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 596, To repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010). 
On Roll Call #59 I would have voted yes 
(Previous Question). 
On Roll Call #60 I would have voted yes 
(Agreeing to Resolution, H. Res. 78). 
On Roll Call #61 I would have voted no (On 
Agreeing to the Amendment to H.R. 50 by Cummings Part C Amendment #2). 
On Roll Call #62 I would have voted no (On 
Agreeing to the Amendment to H.R. 50 by Connolly Part C Amendment #3). 
On Roll Call #63 I would have voted no 
(Motion to Recommit). 
On Roll Call #64 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 50, Unfunded Mandates In-formation and Transparency Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call #65 I would have voted no (On 
Agreeing to the Amendment to H.R. 527 by Schrader Part A Amendment No. 4). 
On Roll Call #66 I would have voted no (On 
Agreeing to the Amendment to H.R. 527 by Lee Part A Amendment No. 6). 
On Roll Call #67 I would have voted no 
(Motion to Recommit). 
On Roll Call #68 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 527, Small Business Regu-latory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015). 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGEANT MICHAEL 
YAREMA AND SERGEANT PETER HEISE 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Sergeant Michael Yarema and Ser-geant Peter Heise of the Syracuse New York Police Department. On January 4, 2015, Ser-geant Yarema and Sergeant Heise responded to the scene of a shooting, performed textbook emergency medical treatment on the victim, all while working on an unsecure and volatile crime scene. Doctors at Upstate University Hospital Emergency Room confirm that the immediate, life-saving measures performed by both sergeants saved the life of the victim. 
Sergeant Yarema served the Syracuse Po-
lice Department as an officer in the Patrol Di-vision, Syracuse Anti-firearm Enforcement Unit, and Syracuse Police Traffic Division be-fore being promoted to Sergeant in May of 2009. He has served as a firearms instructor and member of the SWAT team in Syracuse. Sergeant Yarema has received the Syracuse Police Life Saving Award and Syracuse Police Department’s Officer of the Month Award. 
Sergeant Yarema was raised in Auburn, 
New York and holds a Bachelor of Arts and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.004 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E183 February 10, 2015 
Sciences degree in Criminal Justice. He is 
supported by his girlfriend, Melissa Bottorff and daughter, Lauryn Bacon. 
Sergeant Heise served the Syracuse Police 
Department as a Detective in the Criminal In-vestigations Division and as a defensive tac-tics instructor in the Training Division before being promoted to Sergeant in May of 2006. He then acted as Patrol Sergeant and a Ser-geant in the Criminal Investigations Division. Sergeant Heise holds the following awards: Chief’s Achievement Award, Police Benevolent Association Award, and the Mayor’s Achieve-ment Award. 
Sergeant Heise was raised in Dexter, New 
York and holds a Bachelor of Arts and Sciences degree from the State University of New York at Oswego. He is supported by his wife, Melanie Heise and two daughters, Mac-kenzie and Morgan. 
Sergeant Yarema and Sergeant Heise have 
each bravely served the Syracuse New York Police Department for 20 years. I am proud to share in the recognition of Sergeant Michael Yarema and Sergeant Peter Heise as first-rate officers, performing tremendous service to the people of Syracuse, New York. 
f 
THE BIRTH OF COLLINS MADDEN 
AND EMMA RHOADES LENIHAN 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate my friends, Keagan Lenihan and her husband Brian, on the birth of their twin daughters Collins Madden and Emma Rhoades Lenihan. Collins was born at 11:21 p.m. and Emma at 11:22 p.m. on Monday, January 19, 2015, in Washington, DC. Collins and Emma are five pounds of pride and joy to their loving grandparents, Barclay and Lorita Resler of McLean, Virginia and Michael and Marilyn Lenihan of Fredericksburg, Virginia. I am so excited for this new blessing to the Lenihan family and wish them all the best on their future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS 
OF ANDREW ‘‘PETE’’ SANCHEZ, JR. 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the achievements of Andrew ‘‘Pete’’ Sanchez, Jr., a native of my hometown of New Orleans, Louisiana. I especially wish to congratulate him on becoming the 100th King of the Zulu Social Aid & Pleasure Club. It is my distinct privilege to recognize him here today for this accomplishment. 
Following in the footsteps of his father, An-
drew Sanchez, Sr., Mr. Sanchez joined the Zulu Social Aid & Pleasure Club in 1994. Since then, he has occupied numerous leader-ship positions within Zulu. He has served on the Zulu Board of Directors for the past nine years, and is Zulu’s representative to Mayor Mitch Landrieu’s Mardi Gras Advisory Council. 
In addition to his work with Zulu, Mr. San-
chez is a dedicated family man and has been active in his community. He has received 
awards for his work with Toys for Tots, serves as a Commissioner on New Orleans Board of Zoning, and in November, was appointed by Mayor Landrieu to the New Orleans Cultural and Historical Committee. He is a proud grad-uate of McDonough #35 Senior High School and Southern University A&M College. He is married to Dr. Janice Sanchez, and the proud father of Ashley Nichelle Sanchez. This year, he will get a chance to share the honor and joy of being Zulu royalty with his wife, as Dr. Sanchez will reign alongside him as the 79th Queen of Zulu. This will be a special time for the family, and we are very proud of him. The commitment that Mr. Sanchez shows to his family and his community is an example to all of us. The hard work and dedication of Mr. and Dr. Sanchez to improving the community and raising a strong family gives us hope and promise for the future of our city. 
In closing Mr. Speaker, I wish to congratu-
late Mr. Andrew Peter Sanchez, Jr. on his cor-onation as the 100th King of Zulu and wish him a successful reign as King Zulu, 2015. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL THEODORE 
HAROLD LIMPERT 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of Colonel Theodore Harold Limpert. A native of Central New York and currently a resident of Syracuse, New York, Colonel Limpert subsequently has more than 30 years of military service with the United States Air Force and New York Air National Guard. Colonel Limpert has been decorated with numerous medals, awards, and service distinctions and retired from military service on 29 June 2012. It is my honor to recognize such a distinguished citizen and airman. 
Colonel Limpert began his military career in 
the New York Air National Guard on 24 No-vember 1981, attending the Air National Guard’s Academy of Military Science, receiv-ing his commission as a Second Lieutenant on 24 June 1982. From September 1982 to Sep-tember 1983, he attended undergraduate Pilot Training at Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma. From November 1983 to January 1984, Colo-nel Limpert attended Lead Fighter Training at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, and subsequently completed the A–10 Replace-ment Training Unit at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana in May 1984. 
As a traditional guardsman and currently a 
Syracuse City Court Judge, Colonel Limpert became an operational member of the 174th Fighter Wing in May 1984 and was assigned the 138th Fighter Squadron. During his tenure with the 174th Fighter Wing, as a pilot in the T–38, T–37, A–10, and the F–16, Colonel Limpert has accumulated more than 3,100 flight hours, with 750 flight hours in the A–10 aircraft, 2200 flying hours in the F–16 aircraft, and has 392 combat flight hours, and holds the rating of Command Pilot. 
In 1991, Colonel Limpert deployed to South-
west Asia seven times supporting combat op-erations in Southwest Asia, beginning with Op-eration Desert Shield and Desert Storm in 1991 at Al Kharj Air Base Saudi Arabia, with subsequent deployments in support of Oper-
ation Provide Comfort in 1995 at Incirlik Air Base Turkey; Operation Southern Watch in 2000 at Prince Sultan Air Base, Saudi Arabia; Operation Enduring Freedom in 2003 at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar; and Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2006 and 2008 at Balad Air Base, Iraq. During the 2006 deployment to Balad Air Base, Iraq in 2006, Colonel Limpert held dual 
assignments as the 174th Fighter Wing De-tachment Commander and 332nd Expedi-tionary Squadron Commander. In addition to his deployments supporting combat operations in Southwest Asia, Colonel Limpert also flew Combat Air Patrol sorties over New York City in support of Operation Noble Eagle after the September 11th terrorist attack on the United States. 
Colonel Limpert has held numerous duty as-
signments throughout his military career with the New York Air National Guard. They in-clude: Assistant Flight Commander and Flight Commander, 138th Fighter Squadron, from May 1989 to July 1996; Combat Air Planner, 152nd Air Operations Group, from July 1996 to September 1998; Command Post Officer, 174th Fighter Wing from September 1998 to September 1999; F–16 Pilot, Operations Offi-cer and later Operations Support Flight Com-mander, 174th Operations Support Flight; Commander, 138th Fighter Squadron from May 2003 to September 2007; and Deputy Operations Group Commander, 174th Fighter Wing from September 2007 to October 2008. 
In his final assignment, Colonel Limpert was 
assigned to the New York Air National Guard Joint Force Headquarters as Director of Plans and Programs and, Director of the Joint Exer-cise Control Group. As Director of Plans and Programs, he oversaw the five New York State Air Wings respective plans offices. The Joint Exercise Control Group ensures readi-ness of state military forces for state contin-gency operations and defense support to civil authorities. Colonel Limpert’s joint staff team of Air and Army National Guard personnel, planned, coordinated and observed table top and large scale civilian and military exercises conducted by each of the state’s six joint task forces. He also volunteered and took on duties as Senior Air Reserve Component Advisor to the Commander, United States Air Forces Central Command, Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar. 
During these times and throughout his ca-
reer, Colonel Limpert has displayed honorable character and service to the United States Air Force, the New York Air National Guard, and our country. His military decorations and unit awards include the Distinguished Flying Cross with Valor ‘‘V’’ device; the Air Medal with five oak leaf clusters; the Aerial Achievement Medal with one oak leaf cluster; Meritorious Service Medal with one oak leaf cluster; the Air Force Commendation Medal; the Air Force Achievement Medal with one oak leaf cluster; the Joint Meritorious Service Award; the Meri-torious Unit Award; and the Air Force Out-standing Unit Award with Valor ‘‘V’’ device and seven oak leaf clusters. 
Colonel Limpert’s military campaign, service 
awards include the Combat Readiness Medal with eleven oak leaf clusters; National De-fense Service Medal with one bronze service star; Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal; Southwest Asia Service medal with three cam-paign stars; the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with one bronze campaign star; the Iraq Cam-paign Medal with one bronze campaign star; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.003 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E184 February 10, 2015 
the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal; 
the Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon with gold boarder and two oak leaf clusters; the Air Force Longevity Service Ribbon with six oak leaf clusters; Armed Forces Reserve Medal with gold hourglass device, mobilization ‘‘M’’ device, and numeral ‘‘6’’; and the Air Force Training Ribbon. His foreign service awards include the Kuwait Liberation Medal with gold palm device from Saudi Arabia and the Kuwait Liberation Medal from Kuwait. 
Colonel Limpert also holds the following 
New York State awards and decorations: the New York State Long and Faithful Service Award with one gold shield device and one sil-ver shield device; the New York State Desert Storm Service Medal; the New York State Op-eration Enduring Freedom Ribbon; the New York State Operation Iraqi Freedom Ribbon; the New York State Defense of Liberty Medal; the New York State Conspicuous Service Cross with one cross device; the Medal for Human Service to New York State; the New York State Exercise Support Ribbon; and the New York State Physical Fitness Ribbon. 
Colonel Limpert’s effective dates of pro-
motion are: Second Lieutenant—24 June 1982; First Lieutenant—25 February 1985; Captain—5 March 1985; Major—1 October 1993; Lieutenant Colonel—February 2000; and his current rank of Colonel—4 October 2008. 
Colonel Limpert received a Bachelor of 
Science in Biology from Bucknell University, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania in 1981 and Juris Doctor, magna cum laude, from Syracuse Uni-versity College of Law, Syracuse, New York. He also completed the Squadron Officer School, (Correspondence) course, Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama in 1993; the Air Com-mand and Staff College, (Correspondence), Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama in 2000; the Air War College, (Correspondence), Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama in 2007; and the Ad-vanced Joint Professional Military Education Course, Joint Forces Staff College, Norfolk, Virginia in 2009. 
In his civilian capacity, Colonel Limpert is a 
Syracuse City Court Judge. He was appointed to the Bench in November, 2009 and elected to a ten year term in November, 2010. As a City Court Judge, Colonel Limpert handles both criminal and civil cases. Prior to becom-ing a Judge, he was in private practice for over 20 years. 
Without question Mr. Speaker, Colonel 
Limpert is a very special person. He willingly served his nation, exuding loyalty and pride. For his unrelenting service, Colonel Limpert can retire knowing he has earned such a sta-tus. I would like to wish him well in his retire-ment years, as he will now be able to spend more free time with his wife Susan, his daugh-ter Elizabeth, and his sons Harold, Nikolas and Tyler. Colonel Limpert, thank you for all your years of hard work, dedication and serv-ice to our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN SMOOT 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to one of the most dedicated and respected law enforcement offi-
cials in narcotics diversion and substance abuse education in Kentucky, Dan Smoot, in honor of his 33 years of law enforcement serv-ice—12 of which were spent as a leader at an organization near and dear to my heart, Oper-ation UNITE. 
After serving more than two decades as a 
narcotics diversion specialist for the Kentucky State Police in Eastern Kentucky, Smoot was one of the first leaders brought on board to help launch Operation UNITE, a non-profit or-ganization designed to tackle the tidal wave of drug abuse that hit Kentucky’s Fifth Congres-sional District with the release of powerful pre-scription painkillers in our rural region. Be-cause of the unique challenges associated with prescription drug addiction and abuse, UNITE’s name reflects its three-pronged, ho-listic approach—Unlawful Narcotics Investiga-tions, Treatment and Education. 
As the inaugural Law Enforcement Director, 
he undertook the daunting task of developing and implementing law enforcement policies and procedures for UNITE’s accredited task force. Critically important to the organization’s success has been buy-in and cooperation 
among local law enforcement, and Smoot’s early work at UNITE was critical to forging these partnerships. He engaged with more than 30 different fiscal courts to enact interlocal cooperation agreements to provide jurisdiction for UNITE to work with local law enforcement agencies in each county. Thus far, UNITE’s task force has arrested more than 4,000 drug traffickers, taken over $12.3 million in drugs off the streets, while maintain-ing a 97% conviction rate in southern and eastern Kentucky. Closely collaborating with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), Smoot developed an innovative debit card pro-gram to fund street-level drug purchases for local police departments and sheriff’s offices in eleven counties. Additionally, he has devel-oped a reputation for his tireless advocacy for better drug abuse-related policy and legislation in Kentucky and surrounding states. As a re-sult of his efforts, Smoot was named President and CEO of UNITE in 2013. 
Though the majority of his career has been 
focused on law enforcement, Smoot quickly became an advocate for UNITE’s effective education and treatment programs. It takes a special kind of law enforcement officer to com-mit to treatment and education programs—but Smoot immediately bought in, and it’s due in large part to his leadership, to his steadfast guidance and advocacy, and to his unwaver-ing commitment to this critically important cause that UNITE shines as a national leader in helping individuals take back their commu-nities from the scourge of drug abuse. He has supported Drug Court programs and spent countless hours educating community mem-bers and students about drug abuse preven-tion across the region. Whether he is talking to national leaders or spending time with at-risk middle school children at Camp UNITE, his passion to end the cycle of drug abuse in Kentucky is remarkable. The story of his ca-reer is now written, not only by the drug traf-fickers who have spent time in state and fed-eral prisons for illicit drug activities, but also by their children and grandchildren who now real-ize there is hope for a better future, thanks to the valiant education and treatment programs he helped lead at Operation UNITE. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in applaud-
ing Dan Smoot’s incredible leadership in our life-saving and life-changing anti-drug efforts in 
Kentucky and throughout our Appalachian re-gion. I have no doubt that he will carry these incredible and laudable professional and per-sonal traits with him into any future endeavors, and I certainly wish him the very best in his new post with the Appalachian High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (AHIDTA). 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 250TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ST. JOSEPH’S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 250th anniversary of St. Jo-seph’s Roman Catholic Church, located in West Milford, New Jersey. St. Joseph’s parish dates back to 1765, making it one of the old-est and longest lasting parishes in New Jer-sey. 
As we look back on the past 250 years, we 
recognize that the world has changed dras-tically. Throughout these changes St. Joseph’s church has remained a beacon of faith for their community. The parishioners of St. Jo-seph’s Church come together every week to worship, promote faith, care for the less fortu-nate, and serve their local community. Their commitment to one another, and to the wider community, is exceptional. 
I congratulate St. Joseph’s on this impres-
sive anniversary. It is an honor to represent the people of West Milford and to commend St. Joseph’s parish for all they do as they seek to make our community a better place. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL JOSEPH 
EDWARD LAMENDOLA 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of Colonel Joseph Edward Lamendola. Originally from Massena, New York and currently a resident of Camillus, New York, Colonel Lamendola received his direct commission on 19 February 1984 and subse-quently has 30 years of military service with United States Air Force and the New York Air National Guard. Colonel Lamendola has been decorated with numerous medals, awards, and service distinctions. It is my honor to recog-nize such a distinguished citizen and airman. 
Colonel Lamendola began his military ca-
reer in the Air Force on 19 February 1984 under the Air Force’s direct commissioning program and served four years on Federal Ac-tive Duty as an Assistant Staff Judge Advo-cate and Area Defense Counsel at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, North Carolina. In October 1988, Colonel Lamendola transferred to the New York Air National Guard and was assigned to the 174th Fighter Wing, Hancock Field, Syracuse, New York. During his tenure as Staff Judge Advocate with the 174th Fight-er Wing, Colonel Lamendola served as the 9th Air Force Air National Guard Judge Advocate Liaison. From October 1995 through Decem-ber 2000, Colonel Lamendola provided guid-ance and support to 9th Air Force Air National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.005 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E185 February 10, 2015 
Guard-gained units, including conducting Staff 
Assistance Visits to all 18 units. 
In March 1995, he deployed with the 174th 
Fighter Wing in support of a Joint NATO Exer-cise conducted at Andoya Air Base, Norway. In 1991, Colonel Lamendola was called to Federal Active Duty in support of Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. He served for 180 days at home station per-forming duties in a dual role as Staff Judge Advocate and Public Affairs Officer. 
Colonel Lamendola has served as Legal Ad-
visor, Recorder, and Respondent’s Counsel on numerous occasions by Air National Guard units from the states of Alaska, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Montana, New York and Vermont. Colonel Lamendola has assisted in the research and revision of the 1996 Com-mander’s Legal Desk Book, and participated as a member of a Process Action Team, which drafted the Air National Guard Instruc-tion dealing with Legal Assistance. He has also served as an instructor for the November 2003 Contemporary Base Issues course hosted by the New York Air National Guard. 
Colonel Lamendola currently serves as the 
senior uniformed Air National Guard Judge Advocate in the New York Air National Guard and is responsible for providing legal advice, opinions, and assistance on a variety of sub-jects to the Commander of the New York Air National Guard, the Air Staff, other Judge Ad-vocates assigned to New York Air National Guard’s five flying wings the Eastern Air De-fense Sector, and commanders throughout the New York Air National Guard. 
During these times and throughout his ca-
reer, Colonel Lamendola has displayed honor-able character and service to the United States Air Force, the New York Air National Guard, and our country. His military decora-tions and unit awards include the Meritorious Service Medal with two oak leaf clusters; the Air Force Commendation Medal with one oak leaf cluster; and the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with four oak leaf clusters. His mili-tary campaign and service awards include the National Defense Service Medal with one bronze service star; the Global War on Ter-rorism Service Medal; the Air Force Longevity Service Ribbon with six oak leaf clusters; Armed Forces Reserve Medal with silver hour-glass device and mobilization ‘‘M’’ device; and Air Force Training Ribbon. 
Colonel Lamendola also holds the following 
New York State awards and decorations: the New York State Long and Faithful Service Award with one gold shield device; the New York State Defense of Liberty Medal; the New York State Conspicuous Service Cross; and the New York State Exercise Support Ribbon. 
Colonel Lamendola’s effective dates of pro-
motion are: First Lieutenant—23 September 1982; Captain—28 September 1984; Major—2 December 1989; Lieutenant Colonel—27 Jan-uary 1994; and his current rank of Colonel— 1 June 2009. 
In his civilian capacity, Colonel Lamendola 
maintains a law practice in Syracuse, New York and serves a client base in Northern and Central New York. His practice concentrates in the areas of business litigation, personal in-jury, education and school law, family law, military law and estate planning. Colonel Lamendola serves as a committee member on the Fourth Department Attorney Grievance Committee, and he is also a delegate for the Fifth Judicial District nominating committee. Colonel Lamendola holds degrees from 
Tulane Law School, New Orleans, Louisiana, 1983 (LL.M, Admiralty Law) University of Wales, Cardiff, United Kingdom, 1982 (LL.B, Cum Laude) State University of New York, Plattsburg, NY, 1977 (B.A., Political Science) Air War College, May 2005. 
Colonel Lamendola also holds Bar Admis-
sions in the U.S. Supreme Court, 1987; the U.S. Court of Appeals 2nd Circuit, 1996; the U.S. Court of Appeals 5th Circuit, 1983; the U.S. District Court Eastern District of Lou-isiana, 1983; the U.S. District Court Northern District of New York, 1991; the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, 1984; the State of New York, 1990; and the State of Lou-isiana, 1983. 
Without question Mr. Speaker, Colonel 
Lamendola is a very special person. He will-ingly served his nation, exuding loyalty and pride. For his unrelenting service, Colonel Lamendola can retire knowing he has earned such a status. I would like to wish him well in his retirement years, as he will now be able to spend more free time with his wife Heather and his daughter Amelia Jude. Colonel Lamendola, thank you for all of your years of hard work, dedication, and service to our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JOSEPH 
ZIMMERMAN 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Joseph Zimmerman of Bucks County for his service and dedication to Scouting, the Boy Scouts of America, Wash-ington Crossing Council, and Cub Scout Pack 30. An Eagle Scout, Mr. Zimmerman has been involved in Scouting for 75 years and recently was awarded a Certificate of Appreciation and the title of Cub Master Emeritus for his work on behalf of the youngest Scouts. Since 2006, he served as Chartering Organization Execu-tive to Cub Scout, Pack 30, providing the ben-efit of his experience and leadership. I join his friends and associates in thanking him for his many community contributions and his service to our country during the Korean War. With his spirit of volunteerism and the countless hours as a role model for Scouts and Scout Masters, Joseph Zimmerman has set an example for others to follow. 
f 
HONORING VANESSA IAQUINTA 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today on the conclusion of Na-tional School Counseling Week to honor a de-serving school counselor in my district. Vanessa Iaquinta joined Norwalk High School in 1998, and is the heart and soul of the school’s counseling team. She has made a tremendous impact on the lives of Norwalk students because she believes that every one of them should be given the tools necessary to succeed in both college and life. Ms. Iaquinta works with parents to make 
sure they feel included and informed about their child’s education. Vanessa and her team have developed a personalized and com-prehensive approach that meets the aca-demic, social-emotional, and post-secondary needs of each and every Norwalk High School student. She goes above and beyond, even using social media to stay connected with graduates, reminding them of application deadlines for student aid and scholarships. 
Vanessa is also the counselor for AVID, a 
program that helps students who have shown the potential to succeed but need a little extra help. She meets with students, and coordi-nates with teachers to make sure their indi-vidual needs are being met. 
This year, Vanessa agreed to be the coun-
selor for the newly established Project Lead the Way which exposes students to the field of biomedicine. In the few short months since Vanessa has undertaken this role, the pro-gram has expanded, interest has increased, and students are thriving. 
Norwalk High School is a special place be-
cause of dedicated professionals like Vanessa. In honor of National School Coun-selors Week, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking all the school counselors who are making a positive impact in the lives of our students. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
50 I was unable to make votes due to the weather (snow storm) in Pennsylvania. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
REINTRODUCING THE LENA HORNE 
RECOGNITION ACT OF 2015 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
reintroduce the Lena Horne Recognition Act of 2015, which would award the Congressional Gold Medal to the late, renowned singer, ac-tress, and Civil Rights icon, Ms. Lena Mary Calhoun Horne. 
As an African American woman born in the 
1917, Ms. Horne, who passed away in 2010, was truly a woman of firsts, having pioneered the way for many men and women of color through her work in Jazz, film, and the Civil Rights movement. She began her career in the chorus line at Harlem’s famed Cotton Club before moving on to record dozens of musical tracks and playing roles in movies and musi-cals. 
As a young woman, Lena drew much fame 
from her beauty and talent, yet found many roadblocks in her personal success due to the hyper-racialized nature of show business at the time. However, this adversity would not limit her, and presented a platform for her in-creasing support of and action in the Civil Rights movement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.006 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E186 February 10, 2015 
The first to do so, Lena signed a long term 
contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and embarked on a career in Hollywood, as her celebrity had been noticed by many, de-spite the color of her skin. She was also the first African American woman to be nominated for a Tony Award. However, again, she found road blocks in her professional life, due to state-law restrictions in on-screen interracial relationships as well as the need to have her roles edited out for Jim Crow abiding viewers. Blacklisted during the period of McCarthyism in the 1950s, Ms. Horne still recorded what would become the best-selling album by a fe-male singer in RCA Victor’s history in 1957. 
From music and film, Lena had built a sub-
stantial fan base, and by the 1960s, at the peak of the Civil Rights movement, she be-came a staple on Television. She had become so renowned in popular culture despite her race that she appeared on shows such as the Dean Martin Show and Ed Sullivan Show. In 1970, Horne co-starred with well known actor, Harry Belafonte, on a show for ABC donning their names—‘‘Harry and Lena.’’ She would go on to play herself on The Muppet Show, Ses-ame Street, and Sanford and Son. In 1981, Lena then received two Grammy awards and a special Tony award for her cast recording of her Broadway show, Lena Horne: The Lady and Her Music. In 1989, she received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. 
Amongst her many awards, Ms. Horne was 
the recipient of the Kennedy Center honor for lifetime contribution to the arts in 1984. She received two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame—for her work in both motion pictures and recording—in addition to a footprint on the International Civil Rights Walk of Fame at the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site. Lena always fought back when opportunities presented themselves. 
For example, during World War II, Lena had 
been slated to perform for segregated troops of U.S. servicemen. She was appalled to find that African American servicemen had been seated behind German prisoners of war, and refused to partake unless she could sing be-fore an integrated group. As a compromise, Lena left the stage and sang directly in front of her African American counterparts, with the German prisoners of war to her rear. 
Lena notably remained committed to 
bettering lives of the underserved and under-represented for the entirety of her life. An ac-tive participant in the movement, Lena met President John F. Kennedy shortly before his assassination, marched in the March on Washington, and ultimately performed and spoke on behalf of the NAACP, SNCC, and National Council of Negro Women. Also nota-ble is the work that she engaged in with Former First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt to pass anti-lynching laws. Lena was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP in 1983. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in sup-
port of honoring Lena Horne posthumously with a Congressional Gold Medal, for her out-standing contributions to American culture and the Civil Rights Movement. A beautiful person inside-out, Lena willed her talent, intelligence, and fame to fight against discrimination, tra-versing her career on a road filled with pot holes full of racial bias and degradation. Lena represents the very best of American ideals and signifies the true purpose of the American Dream. RECOGNIZING MRS. VICTORIA 
WHITEHEAD M
CCRAY 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the contributions of Mrs. Victoria Whitehead McCray, a dedicated educator and public serv-ant. Mrs. McCray is being honored by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. at this year’s Diamond An-niversary Banquet in Wilson, North Carolina. Mrs. McCray has dedicated her life to the service of others and is most deserving of this recognition. 
Mrs. McCray was born on October 22, 
1927, in Wilson, North Carolina, to John Henry Whitehead and the former-Victoria Ennis. Mrs. McCray attended Darden High School in Wil-son, and attended North Carolina Central Uni-versity in Durham. Following her education at NCCU, Mrs. McCray taught business and typ-ing courses and produced a booklet on Black History entitled ‘‘A Proud Heritage’’ that was widely distributed to students and others. 
Mrs. McCray is a Golden Member of Alpha 
Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. She has held every office in the chapter including as Tamiouchos, Nominating Committee Chair, and Treasurer, where she has demonstrated her financial ex-pertise. For her many contributions to her So-rority and community, Mrs. McCray was awarded the Phenomenal Woman Award for Outstanding Community Service from the Alumni Chapter at Bennett College. 
Mrs. McCray is married to Wilford McCray 
and they are proud parents of Ms. Paulette McCray. Mrs. McCray is a member of the his-toric Jackson Chapel First Missionary Baptist Church in Wilson, where she serves as fi-nance committee chair. 
Mr. Speaker, Mrs. McCray’s contributions to 
our great nation are many. She is dedicated to the service of others and her passion for edu-cation and community is self-evident. I ask my colleagues join me in congratulating Mrs. Vic-toria Whitehead McCray on the high honor of being recognized by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,124,962,972,729.90. We’ve 
added $7,498,085,923,816.62 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. SUTTON NORRIS APPOINTMENT TO 
UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in order to congratulate Mr. Sutton Norris on his appointment to the United States Military Academy. 
Mr. Norris is an incredibly accomplished 
young man from Athens, Georgia. Sutton is the son of Tab and Elizabeth Norris, and is a graduate of the prestigious Prince Avenue Christian School. During his time there, Sutton exhibited his dedication to leadership while at-tending the Summer Leadership Experience at USMA and was awarded the Outstanding Leader Award. 
Among his many accolades, Sutton also 
showcased academic prowess while serving as the President of the National Honor Society and the National Junior Honor Society. 
Mr. Speaker, Sutton Norris is also a young 
man who is also is dedicated to improving his community through service. Sutton organized Prince Avenue Christian School’s initial partici-pation in Relay for Life, an organization dedi-cated to raising awareness about cancer and funds to combat the disease. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I understand that Mr. 
Norris is no stranger to the rigorous work ethic required to be considered as a candidate for the United States Military Academy. With sev-eral family members serving in different branches of the armed services, I am con-fident that Sutton will accomplish his ultimate goal of serving his nation as a United States soldier. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Mr. Sutton Norris. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SEMINOLE 
STATE COLLEGE THEATRE DE-PARTMENT’S HISTORIC COMPLE-TION OF AUGUST WILSON’S ‘‘PITTSBURGH CYCLE’’ 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I sub-
mit the following: 
Whereas, with its production of ‘‘Radio Golf’’ 
in February 2015, Seminole State College’s Theatre Department completes its 10-year commitment to produce all ten plays in play-wright August Wilson’s Tony Award and Pul-itzer Prize winning series referred to as ‘‘The Pittsburgh Cycle’’, an historic feat that only a few American theaters have accomplished, and 
Whereas, Seminole State College has con-
tributed to the region’s celebration, and rec-ognition, of Black History Month over the past decade by presenting the ‘‘Pittsburgh Cycle’’, which depicts the African-American experience during each decade of the 20th century, and 
Whereas, Seminole State College Theatre 
Department’s production of the ‘‘Pittsburgh Cycle’’ demonstrates the exceptional power of college theater to promote active learning, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.004 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E187 February 10, 2015 
encourage individual development and growth, 
and 
Whereas, Seminole State College’s decade 
long productions of the plays that make up the ‘‘Pittsburgh Cycle’’ provided unique opportuni-ties for student, community, and professional theater members to work with nationally re-nowned veterans of African-American theater. 
Therefore, in recognition of Seminole State 
College’s remarkable completion of August Wilson’s ‘‘Pittsburgh Cycle’’, I, C
ORRINE  
BROWN , Representative of the 5th District of 
Florida, congratulate Seminole State College and its Theatre Department, and encourage the Seminole County and Seminole State Col-lege community to join in the celebration of this most noteworthy achievement. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR MELISSA 
DUNLOW 
HON. BRAD ASHFORD 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mrs. Melissa Dunlow for her 25 years of service in the United States Air Force Reserves, seventeen of which were served on active duty. Mrs. Dunlow grew up in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin. She had an interest in traveling and although she had the desire to attend college, it was not financially feasible. In her senior year of high school, Mrs. Dunlow entered the delayed enlistment program, and subsequently active duty with the United States Air Force. Mrs. Dunlow was first as-signed to Tinker AFB in Oklahoma as an Air Transportation Specialist; which primarily meant manual labor of loading cargo and pas-sengers onto military aircraft. Mrs. Dunlow ap-plied for and was approved to cross-train into the paralegal career field where she could per-form administrative work. During the four and a half years Mrs. Dunlow served as a para-legal, she took college classes at night and on Saturdays to complete her bachelor’s degree. She then applied for a commission and at-tended Officer Training School about three weeks after her college graduation. Mrs. Dunlow’s first assignment as a Second Lieu-tenant was to Offutt AFB in Bellevue, Ne-braska, in 2003. While stationed there, she met her future husband, Neil who was also stationed at Offutt. Mrs. Dunlow applied for a ROTC teaching position at University of North Carolina—Chapel Hill. The couple married in June 2006 and Mrs. Dunlow was assigned to Chapel Hill the next month. However, her hus-band Neil remained at Offutt to fulfill his duty requirement. During their separation, Mr. Dunlow came to realize that the Bellevue/Pa-pillion area was where he wanted to start an orthodontic practice as well as a family. To-gether, they decided to separate from active duty and make a life in Nebraska. Mrs. Dunlow returned to the area in a civil service position in Human Resources at STRATCOM while Mr. Dunlow opened a small orthodontic practice in Bellevue. Mrs. Dunlow joined the Air Force Reserves as a Liaison Officer to the Civil Air Patrol. After ‘‘buying in’’ her active duty time and completing the minimum re-quired time in civil service, Mrs. Dunlow left her position with STRATCOM in September 2012 in order to spend time at home with their two children who are now 6 and 4. Currently, 
Mrs. Dunlow spends days at home with their youngest daughter and works part-time at the orthodontic office as an office manager. Only time will tell what Mrs. Dunlow will do once their youngest daughter is in school full-time, maybe she will utilize her Master’s degree, or perhaps she will strike out a new career after using the remaining two years of her GI bill to complete another degree. Mr. Speaker it is with great pleasure that I recognize Mrs. Me-lissa Dunlow for her 25 years of military serv-ice. What a truly inspiring career she has had and will continue to have. Her hard work and tenacity are commendable. Mrs. Dunlow rep-resents a real American hero through her commitment and solidarity to her brothers and sisters in arms. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
49 I was unable to make votes due to the weather (snow storm) in Pennsylvania. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. 
f 
HONORING FOUR MEN FOR THEIR 
LIFE SAVING EFFORTS 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to take a moment to recognize four individuals from the Finger Lake Region on the eve of the one year anniversary of their heroic actions. 
On February 11, 2014, an employee at 
American Rock Salt, located in New York’s 27th district, collapsed after suffering severe chest pain. Through the swift actions of four men; Colin Keller, Gary Morrison, Michael Smith, and John Ayer, that individual is still alive and well. The group utilized an artificial external defibrillator and CPR skills learned through the Red Cross’s Safety training to successfully resuscitate their colleague. 
For their life-saving actions, Colin, Gary and 
Michael will be presented with Certificates of Merit signed by President Obama and John will receive a Certificate of Extraordinary Per-sonal Action. 
The Certificate of Merit is the highest award 
given by the American Red Cross to an indi-vidual or team of individuals who saves or sustains a life by using skills and knowledge learned in an American Red Cross Health and Safety Services course. 
The Certificate of Extraordinary Personal 
Action is awarded to individuals who save or sustain a life by action that exemplifies the mission of Preparedness and Health and Safety Services. 
I want to thank Colin, Gary, Michael, and 
John for their life saving efforts and congratu-late them on earning these prestigious honors. RECOGNIZING CONGENITAL HEART 
DEFECT AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize congenital heart defect Awareness Week, which is February 7th through 14th, 2015. 
Each year approximately 40,000 babies are 
born right here in the United States with con-genital heart defects. That is an astounding one in every 125 babies, making this the most common birth defect. 
Most newborn infants are not routinely 
screened for congenital heart defects, causing many children to suffer or even perish early in life. However, if the defects are detected and treated early in life, they can be treated suc-cessfully. In the past quarter century, treat-ments have been developed enabling 500,000 children in the U.S. to survive to adulthood. 
Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week 
serves to raise awareness about this condi-tion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. BESSIE MARIE 
POOLE 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the contributions of Mrs. Bessie Marie Poole who will be honored by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. at this year’s Diamond Anniversary Banquet in Wilson, North Carolina. Mrs. Poole has dedi-cated her life to serving her community and she is most deserving of this recognition. 
Mrs. Poole was born August 23, 1946, in 
Wilson, North Carolina to parents Jessie and Edrena Ruffin. Mrs. Poole attended Elizabeth City State University and earned both her un-dergraduate and graduate degrees there. Fol-lowing her education, Mrs. Poole dedicated her life to educating future generations through a career as an English teacher. Her dedication to education was honored when Mrs. Poole was recognized as Teacher of the Year in 1986 by Beddingfield High School in Wilson. 
Mrs. Poole was initiated as a member of 
Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. in 1965 while attending Elizabeth City State University and joined the Gamma Beta Omega chapter in 1970. As a member, she has led several com-mittees including the International Program Awards, Baccalaureate, Finance, and Scholar-ship committees. She also serves as a board member and assistant treasurer for the Odelle Barnes Center. Mrs. Poole is married to Willie Poole, and they are proud parents of two adult children, Keith and Brian Poole. 
Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Poole’s contributions to 
our great nation are many. She has committed her life to serving others through education. I ask my colleagues join me in congratulating Mrs. Poole on the high honor of being recog-nized by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.008 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E188 February 10, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF RAYMOND E. 
COOK OF THE FIRST SPECIAL SERVICE FORCE 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take 
this opportunity to recognize the tremendous service of Raymond E. Cook of Brimfield, Massachusetts who received the Congres-sional Gold Medal along with his comrades of the First Special Service Force on February 3, 2015. 
The First Special Service Force was an elite 
military unit during World War II comprised of volunteers from the United States and Can-ada. This unit was specifically trained to fight behind enemy lines in the most inhospitable conditions. They distinguished themselves on multiple occasions, most notably for their crit-ical role in Allied victories in Italy, North Africa, southern France, and Anzio Beach. The unit became known as the ‘‘Black Devils’’ because they would blacken their faces for nighttime missions. 
Raymond served as an United States Army 
Ranger before joining the First Special Service Force in early 1944 and remained with them until the unit was disbanded at the end of that year. Raymond continued to serve in the Army until he was honorably discharged in October 1945. During his tour of service, Raymond was awarded two Purple Hearts for the inju-ries he sustained during combat. 
Mr. Speaker, Raymond Cook fought coura-
geously for the ideals of freedom and peace that our nation holds dear. I want to thank him for his service and congratulate him on receiv-ing the highest award that Congress can be-stow. 
f 
HONORING MR. HERB HOMEYER 
FOR BEING NAMED THE 2015 NA-TIONAL TOOLING AND MACHIN-ING ASSOCIATION (NTMA) CHAIR-MAN OF THE BOARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. Herb Homeyer, President of Homeyer Precision Manufacturing in Marthasville, MO. Mr. Homeyer will be named the 2015 National Tooling and Machining Association (NTMA) Chairman of the Board on Thursday, March 5, 2015. As the national representative of the precision custom manufacturing industry, Mr. Homeyer will tell the story of the NTMA. Backed by nearly 2000 members and rep-resenting more than $40 billion in sales, the clout collectively wielded by this association is considerable. NTMA serves as a valuable na-tional resource for their members, helping them grow profitably. 
Homeyer Precision Manufacturing serves 
key clients in the industries of Aerospace/De-fense, Commercial/Industrial, Military, Medical/ Pharmaceutical, Oil & Gas/Energy, Semi-conductors/Lasers, Electrical/Electronics, and Transportation/Agriculture. The company and its 63 employees are also major supporters of 
Manufacturing Day. They opened their doors to over 150 students for a facility tour to help reach out to the next generation and to show what opportunities are available in manufac-turing not only in their community, but in the United States. 
Herb Homeyer’s 43 years in precision man-
ufacturing began as a tool/die maker, then a tool designer, and finally an owner of a com-pany specializing in aerospace tooling, med-ical, laser components, and high voltage trans-mission. 
Homeyer Precision Manufacturing is one of 
over 1400 companies that are members of the NTMA that supports U.S. manufacturing and creates employment opportunities in their communities. Tools, dies, molds, precision machining, and special machines shape vir-tually every single product that is mass manu-factured in the United States. This industry is at the very heart of manufacturing in this country and therefore it touches the lives of every American. 
It is an honor to have the new chairman of 
the NTMA from not only my home state of Missouri, but also the 3rd District of Missouri. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on 
Roll Call #65 on the Schrader amendment to H.R. 527, I am not recorded because I was absent due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay. 
On Roll Call #66 on the Jackson Lee 
amendment to H.R. 527, I am not recorded because I was absent due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay. 
On Roll Call #67 on the Motion to recommit 
with instructions to H.R. 527, I am not re-corded because I was absent due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay. 
On Roll Call #68 on the Passage of H.R. 
527, I am not recorded because I was absent due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Thursday, February 5, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 65, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 66, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 67. 
Finally, I would like to indicate that I would 
have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 68 in oppo-sition to H.R. 527, the Small Business Regu-latory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
48 I was unable to make votes due to the weather (snow storm) in Pennsylvania. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
LOGAN HUGHES APPOINTMENT TO 
UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in order to congratulate Mr. Logan Hughes on his appointment to the United States Military Academy. 
Mr. Hughes is an incredibly accomplished 
young man from Evans, Georgia. Logan is the son of Michael and Laura Hughes, and is a graduate of the Greenbriar High School. Dur-ing his time there, Logan exhibited his dedica-tion to leadership while serving as the High School NJRTOC Battalion Executive Officer. 
Among his many accolades, Logan also 
showcased academic prowess by his involve-ment with the National Honor Society, and the Spanish Honor Society. 
Mr. Speaker, Logan Hughes is also a young 
man who is also dedicated to improving his community through service. Logan led service efforts at Wesley United Methodist Church as a service acolyte. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I understand that Mr. 
Hughes is no stranger to the rigorous work ethic required to be considered as a candidate for the United States Military Academy. With Mr. Hughes’ Grandfather as outstanding ex-ample of an Army Officer, I am confident that Logan will accomplish his ultimate goal of serving his nation as a United States soldier. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Mr. Logan Hughes. 
f 
TO REAUTHORIZE THE PRE-DIS-
ASTER HAZARD MITIGATION PROGRAM 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise to introduce a bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act to reauthorize the pre- disaster hazard mitigation program. 
First authorized in 2000, the pre-disaster 
hazard mitigation program has a proven his-tory of saving taxpayer money by investing in cost effective projects that are designed to re-duce injuries, loss of life, and damage and de-struction of property in the event of a disaster. As the old adage goes: an ounce of preven-tion is worth its weight in gold. 
This is true for the pre-disaster hazard miti-
gation program. In 2005, the Multi Hazard Miti-gation Council of the National Institute of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.014 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E189 February 10, 2015 
Building Sciences found that for every $1 
spent on mitigation, $4 was saved in potential disaster costs. Other corollary benefits and in-direct savings at the local level and within the business sector were also identified. More-over, the Congressional Budget Office con-firmed the cost savings of the program. Using 
a different analysis, the CBO found in 2007 that for every $1 spent on mitigation, $3 was saved in potential disaster costs. 
But it is not just empirical studies that have 
confirmed the benefits of this program. There are numerous examples of flood control projects, voluntary acquisitions of real property located in flood zones, and the construction of safe rooms that have saved lives and pre-vented future damage. Areas that have experi-enced flood damage in the past, and have flooded again, experienced reduced or no damage thanks to effective mitigation. For in-stance, in Iowa, pre-disaster mitigation funds were used to purchase riverfront homes from homeowners that had suffered flood damage and then converted to green space. When the area subsequently flooded again, there was no new damage, thanks to the pre-disaster mitigation efforts. 
With today’s ongoing fiscal challenges, in-
creasingly severe storms, and escalating ef-fects of climate change, it makes sense for our country to prepare for these disasters now in order to prevent or reduce damage. Smart planning to mitigate the adverse impact of dis-asters not only saves lives, but saves money—especially over the long run. 
In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy when 
there were initial damage estimates in the bil-lions of dollars, many Members from both sides of the aisle streamed to the floor to ex-press sympathy to the victims, as well as decry the extent of the damage and large costs. This program represents an opportunity to curb similar costs in the future while also saving lives and protecting property. 
It is time to reauthorize the Pre-Disaster 
Hazard Mitigation Program at a sufficient level to make an impact. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on Feb-
ruary 2, 2015, on Roll Call #51 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 361— Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 2, 2015, on Roll Call #52 on 
the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 615—Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 2, 2015, on Roll Call #53 on 
the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 623—Social Media Working Group Act, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 3, 2015, on Roll Call #54 on 
Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 70, I am not recorded because I was absent 
for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 3, 2015, on Roll Call #55 on H. 
Res. 70, Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 596) to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other pur-poses, I am not recorded because I was ab-sent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 3, 2015, on Roll Call #57 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 596, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 3, 2015, on Roll Call #58 on 
Passage of H.R. 596—To repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 4, 2015, on Roll Call #59 on 
Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 78, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 4, 2015, on Roll Call #60 on H. 
Res. 78, Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 527) Small Business Regulatory Flexi-bility Improvements Act of 2015 and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 50) Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was ab-sent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 4, 2015, on Roll Call #61 on 
Agreeing to the Cummings of Maryland Amendment to H.R. 50, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 4, 2015, on Roll Call #62 on 
Agreeing to the Connolly of Virginia Amend-ment to H.R. 50, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 4, 2015, on Roll Call #63 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 50, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 4, 2015, on Roll Call #64 on 
Passage of H.R. 50—Unfunded Mandates In-formation and Transparency Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for med-ical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 5, 2015, on Roll Call #65 on 
Agreeing to the Schrader of Oregon Amend-ment to H.R. 527, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 5, 2015, on Roll Call #66 on 
Agreeing to the Jackson-Lee of Texas Amend-ment to H.R. 527, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 5, 2015, on Roll Call #67 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 527, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 5, 2015, on Roll Call #68 on 
Passage of H.R. 527—Small Business Regu-latory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for 
medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. PEGGY 
WILLIAMS RUFFIN 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the contributions of Mrs. Peggy Williams Ruffin who dedicated her career to public service. Mrs. Ruffin is being honored by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. at this year’s Diamond Anniver-sary Banquet in Wilson, North Carolina. Mrs. Ruffin has dedicated herself to the pursuit of social justice and the well-being of those less fortunate and is most deserving of this rec-ognition. 
Mrs. Ruffin, who is married to Jessie Ray 
Ruffin, was born on September 18, 1942, in Wilson, North Carolina to James Williams and the former Ida Pearl. Mrs. Ruffin graduated from Shaw University with a Bachelor’s degree and received her Master’s degree from How-ard University in Washington, DC. Following her education, Mrs. Ruffin worked as a med-ical social worker and hospital supervisor. Upon retiring from the North Carolina Depart-ment of Human Resources, she was pre-sented the state’s highest honor—the Order of the Long Leaf Pine. In keeping with her self-less contributions to others, Mrs. Ruffin cur-rently serves as a mentor and tutor as well as a Board Member of the Odelle W. Whitehead Center. 
Mrs. Ruffin is a Golden Member of Alpha 
Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. and was initiated in 1963 while attending Shaw University as a member of the Beta Rho chapter. She joined the Gamma Beta Omega chapter in 1969 and has served in many leadership positions since then. 
Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Ruffin’s contributions to 
our great nation are many. She is dedicated to the service of others and her passion to im-prove the quality of life and the well-being of her community is self-evident. I ask my col-leagues join me in congratulating Mrs. Peggy Ruffin on the high honor of being recognized by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 
f 
MS. BRITTANY SEYMORE— 
EMBODIMENT OF SERVICE 
HON. JOHN RATCLIFFE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, congratula-
tions to Ms. Brittany Seymore on her well-de-served recognition as the 2014 Outstanding Teaching Award winner. 
Ms. Seymore has proven herself a leader 
and a role model for her 3rd grade class in the Rockwall ISD. 
As a son of two public school teachers and 
a graduate of public school myself, I know the critical role that educators play in preparing our children to be the leaders of tomorrow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.020 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E190 February 10, 2015 
Rockwall ISD and the surrounding areas are 
fortunate to have such a passionate and dedi-cated teacher to call its own. Her own prin-cipal has said that Ms. Seymore has built a reputation throughout the district as a leader and a top level teacher. 
Ms. Seymore’s ability to differentiate utilizing 
stations and homework according to student need is a feat that all teachers strive to reach, and one that Ms. Seymore has mastered. 
Her involvement on her campus also goes 
above and beyond the duties of a teacher. Her part in the district’s ‘‘Launch Pad Cadre’’ lead-ership team fosters innovated and meaningful classroom projects. 
Not only is Ms. Seymore valued in her 
school but also in the Rockwall community. Just this past year, her ability to collect sup-plies for a young student that was being treat-ed for leukemia shows a great level of com-passion and intertwines life lessons into what she teachers her students. 
Recognizing the role that education plays in 
enabling opportunity for all, the United States was the first country in the world to develop a public education system free for anyone to at-tend. In my job as your Congressman, I’m en-gaged in many policy debates about education in this country. But let me tell you, nothing that legislators do in Washington or Austin can change this undeniable fact—good education starts with great teachers. And we need more dedicated and passionate teachers like Ms. Seymore. That’s why I’m so happy to be here to present this award. Congratulations. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
47, I was unable to make votes due to the weather (snow storm) in Pennsylvania. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
LIAM FAIRBRASS APPOINTMENT 
TO UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in order to congratulate Mr. Liam Fairbrass on his appointment to the United States Military Academy. 
Mr. Fairbrass is an incredibly accomplished 
young man from Milledgeville, Georgia. Liam is the son of Mark and Emily Fairbrass, and is a graduate of the prestigious Georgia Military College Preparatory School. During his time there, Liam exhibited his dedication to leader-ship while serving as the High School JRTOC Battalion Rank Commander, the highest rank-ing possible at the institution. 
Among his many accolades, Liam also 
showcased academic prowess by his involve-ment with the National Honor Society, the Mu Alpha Theta Society, and served as a student government representative. 
Mr. Speaker, Liam Fairbrass is also a young 
man who also is dedicated to improving his community through service. Liam led fund-
raising efforts for the worthy cause of Wreaths Across America, an organization which works with the Georgia War Veterans Memorial in order to lay wreaths on the graves of vet-erans. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I understand that Mr. 
Fairbrass is no stranger to the rigorous work ethic required to be considered as a candidate for the United States Military Academy. With several family members serving as mentors and graduates of the same institution, I am confident that Liam will accomplish his ulti-mate goal of serving his nation as a United States soldier. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Mr. Liam Fairbrass. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. ADDIE SCIPIO 
HAGANS 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the contributions of Mrs. Addie Scipio Hagans, a dedicated educator and civil servant. Mrs. Hagans is being honored by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Soror-ity, Inc. at this year’s Diamond Anniversary Banquet in Wilson, North Carolina. Mrs. Hagans has dedicated her life to the service of others and is most deserving of this recogni-tion. 
Mrs. Addie Hagans was born May 24, 1928, 
in Chadbourn, North Carolina, to Alfred Dancy Scipio and the former-Novella Wallace. She earned both her Bachelor’s and Master’s De-grees from North Carolina Central University, then North Carolina College, where she ex-celled in English, Speech, and Drama. After college, Mrs. Hagans began her career in edu-cation. Mrs. Hagans spent 35 years in edu-cation and during that time earned numerous awards and accolades. In addition to being recognized as Wilson County Teacher of the Year for 1978, Mrs. Hagans received the Dis-tinguished Service Award and Most Spirited Teacher Award from the Wilson City Schools. 
Mrs. Hagans is a Golden Member and Life 
Member of Alpha Kappa Alpha, Sorority Inc. and has served as Basileus, Epistoleus, Anti- Basileus, Ivy Leaf Reporter, and Hodegos. In keeping with her selfless contributions to oth-ers, Mrs. Hagans currently serves as a mem-ber of the Gamma Beta Omega Chapter’s Tu-toring Committee. Mrs. Hagans is married to John Hubert Hagans and they are proud par-ents of two adult children, Reginald Orrin Hagans and Pamela Joi Hagans. 
Mr. Speaker, Addie Hagans’ contributions to 
my home state of North Carolina and our great nation are many. Her passion for edu-cation and dedication to the service of others is self-evident. I ask my colleagues join me in congratulating Mrs. Addie Scipio Hagans on the high honor of being recognized by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. IN HONOR OF KYLE DIXON III 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Kyle Dixon III of Cherry Hill, New Jer-sey for his personal growth and achievements as a successful author at the age of thirteen. 
As a fourth grade student, Kyle could not 
write a full sentence. He was a special needs student who struggled with most of his class-es, in particular, writing. Due to his struggle, Kyle was homeschooled until the sixth grade. It was at that time that his mother encouraged him to start a journal to improve his writing skills. The support and encouragement he re-ceived from his family propelled young Kyle to start writing his book titled ‘‘Jay Bumblebee’’. 
‘‘Jay Bumblebee’’ is about a young bee that 
does not have wings. Unable to provide for his family, Jay becomes an entrepreneur and goes on to take over his father’s shoe busi-ness and provide for his family. Many of the themes in ‘‘Jay Bumblebee’’ go hand in hand with the challenges Kyle has overcome in his own life, and his book has provided inspiration for many young students to never give up on their dreams. 
Kyle is a wonderful example of what New 
Jersey Students are capable of. To date, he has travelled throughout New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania promoting his book. He plans on visiting fifty more schools by April. With over 8,000 copies already sold, Kyle’s future success looks promising, and he hopes to continue motivating students by shar-ing his own story of hard work and success. 
Mr. Speaker, Kyle Dixon is a great student 
who exemplifies the American spirit. I join the Cherry Hill community and all of New Jersey in honoring the achievements of this excep-tional young man. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
46, I was unable to make votes due to the weather (snow storm) in Pennsylvania. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. MARIAN 
SEWELL FARMER 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the contributions of Mrs. Marian Sewell Farmer who is being honored by the Gamma Beta Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Soror-ity, Inc. at this year’s Diamond Anniversary Banquet in Wilson, North Carolina. Mrs. Farm-er is a dedicated educator and public servant who has committed her life’s work to the serv-ice of others and is most deserving of this rec-ognition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.023 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E191 February 10, 2015 
Mrs. Farmer was born March 7, 1935, in 
Wilson, North Carolina to James and Katie Sewell. Mrs. Farmer attended public schools in Wilson and graduated from Darden High School. She received a Bachelor of Science degree from Livingston College, in Salisbury, North Carolina and was inducted into the es-teemed National Science Honor Society while there. Following her education, Mrs. Farmer began her career in education. 
Mrs. Farmer was an educator for 36 years 
and remains an active member of her commu-nity. For her contributions to others in support of her community, she was awarded the Phe-nomenal Woman Award for Outstanding Com-munity Service from the Alumni Chapter at 
Bennett College. Mrs. Farmer serves as co- chair of the North Carolina Breast and Cer-vical Cancer Coalition and is a board member of the Arts Council of Wilson. 
Mrs. Farmer is a Golden Member and Life 
Member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc., and has served as Grammateus, Tamiouchos, and Basileus, and has also chaired a number of committees. She was first initiated into the Alpha Xi chapter while attending Livingston College and joined the Gamma Beta Omega chapter in 1957. Mrs. Farmer is married to James Edward Farmer, and they are the proud parents of two adult children, James Edward Farmer, III and Allegro Farmer. 
Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Farmer has consistently 
served her community while remaining a dedi-cated educator. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mrs. Marian Sewell Farmer on her work and on the high honor of being recognized by the Gamma Beta Omega chap-ter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VALLEY HIGH 
SCHOOL NATIONAL SCIENCE BOWL TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Charlie Napier, Sunita Kolareth, Gabriel Mintzer, Ryan Thompson, Arun Velamuri, and Coach Nathan Speichinger of Valley High School of West Des Moines, Iowa for winning their regional competition for the 2015 National Science Bowl (NSB). 
This program is one of the largest science 
competitions in the nation and a prestigious academic competition that challenges Amer-ica’s students to excel in mathematics and science and to pursue careers in these fields. The NSB brings together thousands of middle and high school students from across the country to compete in solving technical prob-lems and answering questions on a range of science disciplines including biology, chem-istry, earth and space science, physics, and math. 
Approximately 240,000 students have par-
ticipated in the National Science Bowl since it was established in 1991. More than 14,000 students compete in the NSB each year. The Valley High School team won their qualifying regional competition this past weekend, and will be advancing to the National Finals in April. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to 
represent these students and their families in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratu-lating them on competing in this rigorous com-petition and wishing continued success in their education and careers. 
f 
TO AMEND THE ELEMENTARY AND 
SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965 TO ADJUST FUNDING LEV-ELS FOR CERTAIN OUTLYING AREAS 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO 
SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, as we ready to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act in the 114th Congress, I am in-troducing legislation, which I want to see in-corporated into a reauthorization and which will help fulfill one of the original goals of the Act, namely to ensure that American children have access to a high-quality education—no matter the economic circumstances of the ge-ographic area where they live. Title 1 of the ESEA was designed to address the ‘‘impact that concentrations of low-income families have on the ability of local educational agen-cies to support adequate educational pro-grams . . .’’ Pub. L. No. 89–10, § 201. But this intent—to close the educational oppor-tunity gaps that exist from community to com-munity in America—has not yet been realized in my district, the Northern Mariana Islands, where incomes are less than half the national median and our local educational agency still struggles to meet the needs of students. 
Expenditures for public elementary and sec-
ondary education nationally were $10,667 per pupil in fiscal 2012, the most recent year for which this data is available. In the Northern Marianas public elementary and secondary education spending per pupil was just $6,246. National Center for Education Statistics, U.S. Department of Education. In part, this gap is a function of the local contribution; but the point of Title I was to use federal resources to balance educational funding nationwide by helping places where there is limited fiscal ca-pacity. And my constituents are not unwilling to invest in education: In November they adopted an initiative amending our Common-wealth Constitution to require that 25 percent of each year’s local revenues go to our schools, an increase of the existing 15 percent requirement. But, because personal incomes are low, these local government revenues are limited. 
The local contribution in the Northern Mari-
anas is also constrained because we have only one layer of government. Local edu-cational agencies nationwide are generally funded both by a state and by a county or mu-nicipal government, a system that shares state resources across wealthy areas and poor. In the Northern Marianas there is only a single, state-level government that has authority to raise revenues and is solely responsible for supporting our school system. 
If it operated as intended, the system of al-
location established for Title I–A funding should alleviate such variations in local capac-ity, instead it appears to disadvantage the 
Northern Marianas. The ESEA gives the Sec-retary of Education authority to allocate a fixed one percent of Title 1 funds among the Bu-reau of Indian Education (BIE) schools and four ‘‘outlying areas,’’ of which the Northern Marianas is one. But, according to the Con-gressional Research Service, the result in fis-cal 2014 was an allocation of $1,987 per qualifying child in Bureau schools, while each qualifying child in Northern Marianas schools was allotted only $1,073. 
In addition to this allocation discrepancy, as-
sociated with Secretarial discretion, there is an inherent flaw in the Title 1 set-aside of a fixed percentage of annual funding to assist a popu-lation that changes with time. We expect fami-lies to seek economic opportunity for them-selves or better schooling for their children by moving from one area of our nation to an-other. I have seen this kind of out-migration from my district. And the annual adjustments in Title I–A allocations among the states re-spond to this dynamic, but the fixed one per-cent to BIE and the outlying areas does not. Likewise, the population counts and income data, which the Secretary uses in allocating funds among the outlying areas, are based on the decennial census, not on the more up-to- date information used for Title I–A allocations nationally. As a result, Title I–A allocations among the outlying areas continue fixed—on 
auto-pilot—for a decade, even if the economy in one of these areas flags, incomes fall, or the number of qualifying children increases. I have also witnessed this effect in my district. 
Ironically, I understand, the one percent set- 
aside may originally have been intended to protect the small, outlying areas from year-to- year swings in funding and to assure our areas of federal assistance sufficient to run meaningful programs and to compensate for the inherent fiscal deficiencies islands we face, as a result of geographic and economic isolation. But the present effect of this set- aside is that Title I–A support for public ele-mentary and secondary education in my dis-trict, the Northern Marianas, is, as noted, $1,073 per student, even less than the na-tional average of $1,215. 
So, today I am introducing legislation that 
modifies the present Title I–A funding system for the outlying areas. My bill ends the special set-aside system, removes Secretarial discre-tion, and employs the same funding formula that applies to every other part of our nation, although at a much reduced rate in recognition of our relatively smaller populations. And I ask my colleagues for their support. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARL COCHRAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Carl Cochran of Minden, Iowa for being inducted into the Tri-Center High School Basketball Hall of Fame. 
The Basketball Hall of Fame at Tri-Center 
was established in 1991 to honor players and coaches who have contributed to the success of Tri-Center’s outstanding basketball tradition. Over fifty players and coaches have been in-ducted into the hall of fame. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.029 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E192 February 10, 2015 
Over his 39 year career with Tri-Center, 
Coach Cochran won 551 games, made five state tournaments, won five Western Iowa Conference Championships, five Conference Tournament Championships, eight District Championships, and five Substate Champion-ships. Coach Cochran was also awarded the State of Iowa Coach of the Year in 1986 and 2008 and was inducted into the Iowa High School Athletic Association’s Hall of Fame in 2009. 
In addition to these many honors Coach 
Cochran has a well-deserved reputation for helping produce great students and guiding them to become even better young adults. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Coach Cochran and the countless hours of devotion to his stu-dents demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. 
I am honored to represent Carl and his fam-
ily in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating him on this latest honor and wish him the best of luck in the future. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF EDNA 
FLORES-LAGUNTE 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to and celebrate the birthday of Edna Flores-Lagunte. Edna was a valued member of my Capitol Hill staff during the late 1990’s, and she lived in San Francisco during the past decade. She would have turned 42 years old today. I say ‘‘would have’’ because, sadly, Edna passed away unexpectedly on June 8, 2014. 
One of Edna’s great passions was partici-
pating in the annual AIDS/LifeCycle, a 7 day, 545 mile bike ride from San Francisco to Los Angeles to raise funds and awareness in the fight against HIV/AIDS. Edna was a veteran rider and participated in her 13th AIDS/ LifeCycle last year. Her involvement originally stemmed from a strong desire to raise aware-ness of HIV/AIDS in the Filipino American community. She oftentimes rode in the mem-ory of friends whom she had met over the years. 
Edna took part in last year’s event with her 
husband, Richard Lagunte, also a longtime rider. Sadly, she suffered cardiac arrest in the middle of the ride and passed away shortly thereafter. 
Not only was she well-known among event 
organizers and fellow cyclists, she was a be-loved individual. Edna was genuine, enthusi-astic, compassionate, and full of life. Her strong dedication to serving the needs of indi-viduals with HIV/AIDS and raising awareness was truly outstanding and serves as an exam-ple for all of us. 
During her tenure in my office, Edna was a 
respected member of my staff who gave so much of herself. I will always remember her for her cheerful spirit, generosity, positive atti-tude, and her stunning smile. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues and 
this House to rise with me to celebrate the birth and life of Edna Flores-Lagunte. I am saddened that after less than 42 years of liv-ing, we must say farewell to a remarkable human being who personified the very best in 
public service. I extend my deepest condo-lences to Edna’s husband Richard, parents Nena and Esposito Flores, and brother Ed-ward. She touched so many and is deeply missed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TUCKER BLUML 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Tucker Bluml for being awarded the Ron Scott Wres-tler of Character Award at the Scott Duels in Mt. Ayr, Iowa. 
Tucker was selected for this honor by a 
committee of wrestlers, coaches, officials, and teachers who worked with Coach Scott. This is a prestigious award that is presented annu-ally to a wrestler nominated by one of the competing schools who has displayed exem-plary character. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Tucker 
and his supportive family demonstrates the re-wards of hard work, dedication and persist-ence. I am honored to represent Tucker and his parents, Shawn and Barbie Bluml, in the United States Congress. 
I know that all of my colleagues in the 
House join me in congratulating him on being recognized with the Ron Scott Wrestler of Character Award, and I wish him continued success in his future education and the sport of wrestling. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RETIRE-
MENT OF JACKSONVILLE STATE UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT WIL-LIAM A. MEEHAN 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize my friend, Dr. William A. Meehan, who has gone above and beyond in his service to my alma mater, Jacksonville State University. Dr. Meehan is retiring from his post as the president of JSU on June 30th, 2015, where his leadership and support will be sorely missed. 
Dr. Meehan first enrolled at JSU as a fresh-
man in 1968, completed his Bachelor of Science in biology in 1972 and in the same year began a career in education. In 1976, he earned his Master’s of Science degree in biol-ogy at Jacksonville State University and the following year returned as an instructor in the Department of Biology. He received a Doc-torate of Education in the field of higher edu-cation administration from the University of Alabama. 
Among the positions Dr. Meehan held at 
JSU prior to becoming president were: Coordi-nator of Medical Technology Program, Director of Academic Advisement, Assistant Vice Presi-dent for Academic Affairs, Associate Vice President for Academic and Student Affairs, Acting Vice President for Academic Affairs, and Acting Vice President for Institutional Ad-vancement. He assumed the position of presi-
dent on July 1st, 1999. 
Dr. Meehan’s expansive vision for JSU in-
cluded looking to the future while drawing on the strengths of the past. One of his primary goals has been to extend classrooms and re-move barriers to a college degree. Through the use of Internet, the University is able to 
make classes and learning more accessible to those who work, or for other reasons may not be able to reside on or near the main campus. Under Meehan’s leadership, JSU is working to move forward to allow education to be an op-portunity to those who were previously ex-cluded. 
President Meehan has strived to ensure 
JSU’s bright future; through partnerships with K–12 and community colleges, he has turned JSU into a campus in which education can be seen as a seamless process flowing from kin-dergarten through graduate school. 
While overseeing the development of the 
University’s first strategic plan, Dr. Meehan said that JSU more accurately accomplished the institution’s mission through integrating tra-ditional academic programs with career-ori-ented programs for students. His initiative for the future was founded upon the principle that education spurs economic development. 
Dr. Meehan is also highly involved in the 
community. He has served as an executive committee member of the Board of Directors of the United Way of East Central Alabama, and is active in the area Chambers of Com-merce of both Calhoun and Etowah Counties. Meehan is married to the former Elizabeth Stevens, and father to twin boys Drew and Will, and daughter Carol Grace. President Meehan is a devoted member of the First Baptist Church of Jacksonville, Alabama. 
On April 3rd, 2015, there will be a commu-
nity-wide event to honor Dr. Meehan and his family. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking Dr. 
William Meehan for his tireless dedication to Jacksonville State University and the sur-rounding community. His exemplary service in education is an inspiration. We wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO LT. COLONEL 
TRAVIS ACHESON IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Lt. Colonel Travis Acheson upon being promoted to the rank of Colonel. He has dedicated his life to his country and I am proud to recognize his service and accom-plishments today. 
After graduating from Valley High School in 
Des Moines, Colonel Acheson attended the University of Iowa with a degree in Econom-ics. He was commissioned shortly after through the Air National Guard Academy of Military Science. He’s served as Commander of the 124th Fighter Squadron at the Iowa Air National Guard in Des Moines. He has over 2,300 flying hours and flown missions in Iraq and Afghanistan for the operations Provide Comfort, Northern Watch, Noble Eagle, Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.032 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E193 February 10, 2015 
Throughout his life Colonel Acheson has 
displayed enormous courage, resolve, and 
selflessness in his service. He’s dedicated his life to our country and we cannot thank him enough for the sacrifices he’s made. 
Colonel Acheson is an Iowan who we can 
all be proud of. We must never forget those who have answered the call to serve this na-
tion and the cause of freedom. Iowans like 
him are the reason we can all sleep soundly at night and enjoy the freedoms we cherish so much. 
It’s with great honour I recognize Colonel 
Acheson and his family today. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring 
his accomplishments. I thank him for his serv-ice and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.036 E10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D121 Tuesday, February 10, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S873–S906 . 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and one res-
olution were introduced, as follows: S. 420–445, and S. Res. 72.
                                                           Pages S899–S900 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act: Senate continued consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015.
                                                                          Pages S873–74 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S899 
Executive Communications:                               Page S899 
Petitions and Memorials:                                      Page S899 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S899 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S900–02 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S902–04 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S898–99 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S904 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:18 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, February 11, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S904.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine global challenges and the United States national security strategy, after receiving testi-
mony from Eric S. Edelman, and Michele A. Flournoy, both of the National Defense Panel, Washington, D.C., and both a former Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy. BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the nomination of Ashton B. Carter, of Massachusetts, to be Secretary of Defense. 
REGULATORY RELIEF FOR COMMUNITY 
BANKS AND CREDIT UNIONS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine regu-latory relief for community banks and credit unions, after receiving testimony from Toney Bland, Senior Deputy Comptroller for Midsize and Community Bank Supervision, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury; Doreen R. Eberley, Director, Division of Risk Management Su-pervision, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; Larry Fazio, Director, Office of Examination and In-surance, National Credit Union Administration; Maryann F. Hunter, Deputy Director, Division of Banking Supervision and Regulation, Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System; and Candace A. Franks, Arkansas State Bank Department Bank Commissioner, Little Rock, on behalf of the Con-ference of State Bank Supervisors. 
KEEPING GOODS MOVING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security concluded a hearing to examine keeping goods moving, after receiving testimony from Norman Bessac, Cargill Pork, Wichita, Kansas; Katie Farmer, BNSF Railway Company, Fort Worth, Texas; Walter Kemmsies, Moffatt and Nichol, New York, New York; and John E. Greuling, Will County Center for Economic Development, Joliet, Illinois, on behalf of the Coali-tion for America’s Gateways and Trade Corridors. 
TAX REFORM 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine tax reform, focusing on lessons Congress can learn from the Tax Reform Act of 1986, after receiving testimony from former Senators Bob Pack-wood and Bill Bradley. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Dec 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D10FE5.REC D10FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D122 February 10, 2015 
IRAN NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on an update on Iran nuclear negotia-tions from national security briefers. 
VACCINE-PREVENTABLE DISEASES 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the re-emergence of vaccine-preventable diseases, focusing on exploring the public health successes and chal-
lenges, after receiving testimony from Anne Schuchat, Director, National Center for Immuniza-tion and Respiratory Diseases, Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services; Kelly L. Moore, Tennessee Depart-ment of Health Immunization Program Director, Nashville; Mark H. Sawyer, University of California San Diego Division of Infectious Diseases; and Tim-othy Jacks, Gilbert, Arizona. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 39 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 820–858; 1 private bills, H.R. 698; and 6 resolutions, H.J. Res. 30; H. Con. Res. 16; and H. Res. 98, 99, 102, and 103, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H915–17 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H918–19 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 100, providing for consideration of the 
bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and providing for proceedings during the period from February 16, 2015, through February 23, 2015 (H. Rept. 114–22); and 
H. Res. 101, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the char-itable deduction for contributions of food inventory; 
and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–23). 
                                                                                              Page H915 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Newhouse to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                        Page H869 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:19 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                      Page H871 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:14 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:34 p.m.                                                      Page H873 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
Authorization Act of 2015: H.R. 810, to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration;                                                     Pages H873–92 
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 
2015: H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Secu-
rity Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 69; 
                                                                          Pages H892–94, H898 
Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 
2015: H.R. 720, to improve intergovernmental plan-
ning for and communication during security inci-dents at domestic airports, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 411 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 70; and 
                                                                    Pages H894–97, H898–99 
Essential Transportation Worker Identification 
Credential Assessment Act: H.R. 710, to require 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive security assessment of the transpor-tation security card program.
                   Pages H899–H903 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:33 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:31 p.m.                                              Pages H897–98 
In Memory of the late Honorable Alan Nunnelee of Mississippi: The House agreed to H. Res. 99, ex-
pressing the condolences of the House on the death of the Honorable Alan Nunnelee, a Representative from the State of Mississippi.
                                Page H898 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in memory of the late Honorable Alan Nunnelee.
                                                                        Page H898 
Committee to attend the funeral of the late Hon-orable Alan Nunnelee—Appointment: The Chair 
announced the Speaker’s appointment on February 9, 2015 of the following Members of the House to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE5.REC D10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D123 February 10, 2015 
committee to attend the funeral of the late Honor-
able Alan Nunnelee: Representatives Thompson (MS) and Boehner; the members of the Mississippi delega-tion: Representatives Harper and Palazzo; and Rep-resentatives McCarthy, McMorris Rodgers, Aderholt, Neugebauer, Conaway, McHenry, Fleming, Thomp-son (PA), Walberg, Benishek, Black, Denham, Flo-res, Hultgren, McKinley, Womack, Hudson, Messer, and Radewagen.
                                                           Page H904 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H872–73. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H898 and H899. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and at 
9:13 p.m., pursuant to House Resolution 99, the House stands adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Alan Nunnelee. 
Committee Meetings 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE APPROVAL ACT; AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015; FIGHTING HUNGER INCENTIVE ACT OF 2015; COMMITTEE’S OVERSIGHT PLAN 
Committee On Rules: Full Committee held a hearing 
on S. 1, the ‘‘Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act’’; H.R. 636, the ‘‘America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 644, the ‘‘Fighting Hunger In-centive Act of 2015’’; and the committee’s oversight plan for the 114th Congress. The committee adopted its oversight plan for the 114th Congress. The com-mittee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.R. 644. The rule provides 90 minutes of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–5 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. The rule also granted a closed rule for H.R. 636. The rule provides 90 minutes of de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–6 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, 
as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The com-mittee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a closed rule for S. 1. The rule provides one hour of debate equal-ly divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce and the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to commit. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from February 16, 2015, through February 23, 2015: the Journal of the pro-ceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 3, provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. Testimony was heard from Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin, and Representatives Levin, Thompson of California, Cramer, and Pallone. 
AN EXAMINATION OF WASTE AND ABUSE 
ASSOCIATED WITH VA’S MANAGEMENT OF LAND-USE AGREEMENTS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of Waste and Abuse Associated with VA’s Management of Land-Use Agreements’’. Testi-mony was heard from Janet P. Murphy, Acting Dep-uty Under Secretary for Health, Operations and Management, Veterans Health Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; Stephen Lord, Man-aging Director, Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 11, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE5.REC D10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D124 February 10, 2015 
proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 
2016 for the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the Department of the Interior, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the situation in Afghanistan, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to receive a closed 
briefing on world-wide nuclear capabilities, 2:45 p.m., SVC–217. 
Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the retirement and compensation proposals of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization 
Commission, 3 p.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine So-
cial Security disability trust fund insolvency, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine the Internet, 9:45 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s (EPA) proposed carbon dioxide emissions rules from new, modified, and existing power plants, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: business meeting to markup an 
original bill relating to access and administration of the U.S. Tax Court; an original bill to remove alcohol bond-ing requirements for certain taxpayers; an original bill re-lating to modifications to alternative tax for certain small insurance companies; an original bill to modify the excise tax on cider; an original bill to truncate the collection pe-riod for taxpayers hospitalized for combat zone injuries; an original bill to provide special rules concerning chari-table contributions to, and public charity status of, agri-cultural research organizations; an original bill to provide an exception to the private foundation excess business holdings rules for certain philanthropic business holdings; an original bill to clarify a special rules for certain gov-ernmental plans; an original bill to modify the treatment of income received under student work-learning-service programs; an original bill for a waste-heat-to-power in-vestment tax credit; an original bill to allow enrolled agents who meet certain requirements to use specified designations; an original bill relating to real estate invest-ment trusts (REITs), regulated investment companies (RICs) and the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act (FIRPTA); an original bill to exclude from gross in-come certain compensation received by public safety offi-cers and their dependents; an original bill to convert the tax on liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas to an energy equivalent basis; an original bill to require the Internal Revenue Service to notify exempt organiza-tions before revoking exempt status for failing to file in-formation returns; an original bill to exclude from gross income certain clean coal power grants; and an original bill to create a military spouse job continuity credit, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine ending modern day slavery, focusing on the role of United States leadership, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine the National Labor Relations Board’s (NLRB) new election rule, focusing on employers 
and employees, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the Government Account-ability Office’s (GAO) 2015 list of high risk government programs, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing to re-
view the state of the rural economy, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, 
Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing on the In-dian Health Service budget, 9:30 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, 
hearing on Army Corps of Engineers, Civil Works budg-et, 10:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-
lated Programs, hearing on oversight of funding to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to the Ebola virus disease outbreak, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The FY16 Budget Request: A View from Out-side Experts: ‘Alternative Budgets and Strategic Choices’ ’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled 
‘‘Final Recommendations from the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission’’, 1 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Efforts on Mental Health: Why Greater HHS Leadership Is Needed’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining 
ICD–10 Implementation’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled 
‘‘The Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Energy Budget’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 734, the ‘‘Federal 
Communications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015’’; H.R. 639, the ‘‘Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act’’; H.R. 471, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforce-ment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 647, the ‘‘Access to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act’’; H.R. 648, the ‘‘Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act’’; and H.R. 212, the ‘‘Drinking Water Protection Act’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Federal Housing Administration’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE5.REC D10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D125 February 10, 2015 
‘‘State Sponsor of Terror: The Global Threat of Iran’’, 2 
p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Countering Violent Islamist Extremism: The Urgent Threat of Foreign Fighters and Homegrown Ter-ror’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, 
hearing on committee funding for the 114th Congress, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Federal Asset Forfeiture: Uses and Re-forms’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, 
hearing on a bill to improve immigration law enforce-ment within the interior of the United States, and for other purposes; a bill to modify the treatment of unac-companied alien children who are in Federal custody by reason of their immigration status, and for other pur-poses; and a bill to amend the William Wilberforce Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 to provide for the expedited removal of unaccompanied alien children who are not victims of a severe form of trafficking in persons and who do not have a fear of re-turning to their country of nationality or last habitual residence, and for other purposes, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, markup on the committee’s oversight plan for the 114th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘GAO’s High Risk Re-port: 25 Years of Problematic Practices’’, 1:30 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Transportation Reau-thorization Bill: Laying the Foundation for U.S. Eco-nomic Growth and Job Creation Part I’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business 
meeting to designate Rep. Jerry McNerney and Rep. Tim Walz to subcommittees; hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Budget Request for Fiscal Year 
2016’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-
sight, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on the IRS’s use of civil asset forfeiture laws to seize the bank accounts of law abiding small businesses, and the settlement tactics employed by the agency, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Human Resources, organizational 
meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on challenges facing low-income individuals and families in today’s economy, 2 p.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE5.REC D10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD126 February 10, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, February 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business for one hour. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, February 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of S. 1—Key-
stone XL Pipeline Approval Act (Subject to a Rule). Con-sideration of the following measure under suspension of the rules: H.R. 431—Awarding a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Mont-gomery Voting Rights March. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Ashford, Brad, Nebr., E187 
Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E192 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E186 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E186, E187, E189, E190, E190 Carson, Andre ´, Ind., E188 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E186 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E187 Collins, Doug, Ga., E188 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E181 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E189 
Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E185 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E184 Gutie ´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E188 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E185 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E186, E188, E190 Kato, John, N.Y., E181, E182, E183, E184 Long, Billy, Mo., E187 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E188 Marino, Tom, Pa., E185, E187, E188, E190, E190 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E188 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E190 
Ratcliffe, John, Tex., E189 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E183 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E184 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E192 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana 
Islands, E191 
Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E185 
Sessions, Pete, Tex., E183 Young, David, Iowa, E191, E191, E192, E192 Young, Don, Alaska, E182 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10FE5.REC D10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST