Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1665 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 2015 No. 45 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
OLDING ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 17, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G EORGE  
HOLDING to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
FUNDING AFGHANISTAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, today the 
House Budget Committee will reveal the budget for fiscal year 2016. That budget will contain more money for Af-ghanistan, which is why I am speaking on the floor today. Afghanistan is an absolute waste of taxpayer money. It is a true graveyard of empires. 
Mr. Speaker, just 2 years ago, I was 
speaking on the floor about a New York Times article titled, ‘‘Karzai Says He Was Assured CIA Would Con-
tinue Delivering Bags of Cash.’’ I will quote from that article again today: ‘‘The CIA money, Mr. Karzai told re-porters, was ‘an easy source of petty cash,’ and some of it was used to pay off members of the political elite and a group dominated by warlords.’’ 
This past Sunday, an article was pub-
lished in a Raleigh, North Carolina, paper titled, ‘‘CIA Cash Helped to Re-fill Al Qaeda Coffers.’’ According to the article: ‘‘The CIA contribution to al Qaeda’s bottom line was just another in a long list of examples of how the United States, largely because of poor oversight and loose financial controls, has sometimes inadvertently financed the very militants’’ who have been kill-ing American soldiers. Finally, the ar-ticle stated: ‘‘The cash flow has slowed since a new Afghan president, Mr. Ghani, assumed office in September, Afghan officials said, but they added that cash was still coming in.’’ 
For at least 5 years, it has been re-
ported that cash from the United States has been funneled to the Afghan Government through the CIA as a sort of slush fund, and some of that money has made its way to al Qaeda. This is only one example of the waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan, yet the cur-rent administration has obligated the American taxpayer and soldier to 9 more years in Afghanistan, without even a debate on the floor of the House. 
Let me remind the House: Al Qaeda 
is our enemy. Congress owes the Amer-ican people and the soldiers a debate to end this failed policy. 
Mr. Speaker, after over $685 billion in 
taxpayer dollars, blood, and limbs lost in Afghanistan, it is time to stop the waste, fraud, and abuse of American taxpayer money there and to start re-allocating that money right here in America to help our veterans, to help the infrastructure of America, and to help our children, America’s future. Why are we spending this kind of money in Afghanistan that is abused 
and wasted and used to kill American soldiers? I do not understand it, Mr. Speaker. 
Our debt is over $18 trillion. When 
President Clinton left office in the year 2000, our debt was $5.6 trillion. Today, it is over $18 trillion in debt, and we are going to continue with 9 more years of waste, fraud, and abuse in Af-ghanistan. We, in Congress, owe the 
American people a debate. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, before clos-
ing, I will ask God to please bless our men and women in uniform. God, please bless the families who have given a child dying for freedom in Af-ghanistan and Iraq. And I will ask God to please bless the President and the House and the Senate, that we will do what is right in the eyes of God for God’s people today and God’s people to-morrow. 
f 
HONORING TED FOWLER ON HIS 
RETIREMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BUCK). The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H OLD-
ING) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of Ted Fowler, who re-cently retired from a storied career at one of North Carolina’s and, indeed, one of America’s famous dining estab-lishments, Golden Corral. 
An inspirational leader, Ted retired 
after nearly 40 years at the helm of Golden Corral. A humble yet enthusi-astic man, Ted is a relentless compet-itor who achieved great success by demonstrating tireless commitment to his company, employees, and cus-tomers. 
Ted joined the Golden Corral family 
not long after its first restaurant opened in 1973. He oversaw the expan-sion of the franchise from a one-family steakhouse in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to over 500 restaurants na-tionwide. This includes operations in 41 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.000 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1666 March 17, 2015 
States with over 9,000 employees and 
revenues upward of $195 million. Mr. Speaker, that is no small feat. 
Ted steered the company through its 
brand transition, which was a difficult undertaking in today’s restaurant in-dustry. He worked hard to ensure the upward mobility of his employees so that every employee had a chance to achieve a better life. For example, Mr. Speaker, he initiated a company pro-gram that helped entry-level employ-ees become managers within a year; and within 5 years, they could run their own franchise. 
Mr. Fowler is more than just a re-
spected leader in the restaurant indus-try. He truly cared about the people who worked and dined at Golden Cor-ral. For instance, since 2001, Golden Corral has served more than 4 million free meals to active and retired mili-tary personnel on Veterans Day. He also oversaw Camp Corral, a free, one- of-a-kind summer camp for children of wounded and disabled or fallen mili-tary servicemembers. Since its found-ing, Camp Corral has grown to 20 camps in 16 States and has served over 4,000 children. It is because of big- hearted causes like these that I am proud to call Ted Fowler a friend. 
Encouragement and leadership exem-
plified through many of his company programs are some of the reasons why Mr. Fowler is a past recipient of the North Carolina Restaurateur of the Year Award, the Foodservice Operator of the Year, and the Gold Plate Award. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recog-
nize and congratulate a proven job cre-ator and an even better man. Ted Fowler embodies all the qualities of a noble, compassionate businessman. I wish him good health and happiness in his retirement. 
f 
PRESERVING SOCIAL SECURITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to talk about an impending crisis that is going to be coming upon us in 2016. Mr. Speaker, not too many people know or realize that our Social Secu-rity disability trust fund is going to be insolvent, bankrupt, underfunded— whatever term you want to use—by the middle of 2016. Mr. Speaker, what that means is that our fellow Americans— approximately 11 million of them—who receive Social Security disability checks are going to be looking at a 20 percent reduction in their benefit come the middle of 2016 if we do not step up to the plate and reform this critical program. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I serve on the 
Ways and Means Committee here in Washington, D.C., and 2 years ago, I questioned our Treasury Secretary from the White House. I said: Mr. Lew, where is the White House’s proposal to deal with this issue? Nothing in the budget from the White House, nothing in the Treasury Secretary’s testimony addressed this canary in the coal mine 
that is coming down upon us in 2016. 
This year I asked the same question, 
and essentially what I got was the pro-posal that they are going to take from Social Security retirees the contribu-tions they make to Social Security re-tirement and transfer them into the disability trust fund. 
Mr. Speaker, in my private practice, 
my private life as a businessman before I came to Washington, D.C., that was essentially robbing Peter to pay Paul. That is not acceptable. 
We need to protect Social Security 
retirees. We also, Mr. Speaker, need to protect our fellow Americans who suf-fer from disabilities. We need to do bet-ter than robbing Peter to pay Paul. That is why I am looking for input from colleagues on the other side of the aisle, for people across the Nation to say, How can we reform the Social Se-curity disability trust fund so that it meets its obligations and it stands with the disabled community in a way that says, You know what? If you want to return to work, you can. 
Because right now, Mr. Speaker, in 
my humble opinion, the Social Secu-rity disability trust fund penalizes those who suffer from disabilities if they return to work because then they lose their benefit. That doesn’t make sense. 
I support the work ethic of America, 
and that is why I support reforms that are going to take care of the disability trust fund, that make sure that our fel-low Americans receive the benefits that they need and rely upon. But we are also going to stand with our dis-ability community and make sure if they want to return to work and have a capacity to return to work, we in Washington, D.C., will stand with them and reward that work ethic. 
Bottom line: I am going to protect 
our Social Security retirees because to put them in further harm’s way, as we know the impending Social Security crisis that is going to come to a head in 2033, just around the corner, will do—to take from that retirement fund is further weakening our Social Secu-rity system. We can do better. We must do better. 
I care about those retirees. I care 
about those disabled fellow Americans. That is why I say today that we are not going to maintain the status quo of robbing Peter to pay Paul, but we are actually going to get to the business of reform. We are going to protect retir-ees and take care of our fellow Ameri-cans who are disabled. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 11 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Jon Randles, Victory Life 
Church, Lubbock, Texas, offered the following prayer: 
Holy and most high God, we come be-
fore You, grateful for Your gift of life. All good things come from You. We ac-knowledge that powerful truth. 
I pray for these leaders who serve in 
this Congress today the wisdom to make choices that are righteous, just, and good for all Americans and beyond. I pray those leaders the humility to re-member that if they seek Your ways, You will guide their journey to those choices that are always best. I pray that all of us, as Americans, strive to know who we are, to know Whom and what we serve, and to know where we are going. 
Bless them as they lead us, and may 
we all seek with our lives to leave a shadow that makes a difference for freedom, truth, goodness, and always with encouragement. 
Acknowledging You, we pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND JON 
RANDLES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) is recognized for 1 
minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to welcome to the House of Rep-resentatives today’s guest chaplain and my fellow Lubbock, Texas, native, Jon Randles. Jon is joined here today by his wife, Kelly; his two sons, Zack and Sam; and their wives, Autumn and Jen-nifer; his daughter, Hayley; and her husband, Chance; as well as their grandchildren. Also here are 70 mem-bers of his congregation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.002 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1667 March 17, 2015 
Jon has been engaged in two career 
paths: he has served as both a pastor and a nationwide motivational speak-er. He began pastoring the first of his four churches as a college sophomore at Hardin-Simmons University in Abi-lene, Texas. He has a master of divinity degree from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary and did doc-torate studies in ancient Roman his-tory at Texas Tech University. 
He served as Director of Evangelism 
at the Baptist General Convention of Texas. In 2010, as a contractor for the U.S. Air Force, he crafted a program for senior officers to mentor members of the junior force. 
In 2013, after 20 years as an evangelist 
and a motivational speaker, he re-turned to pastoring and is currently the senior pastor at Victory Life Bap-tist Church in Lubbock, Texas. 
In all of his endeavors, Jon has en-
couraged excellence and character. But most of all, Jon has impacted countless lives by his witness and testimony of Jesus Christ. 
Jon has the heart of a lion and a tre-
mendous amount of faith. As he battles pancreatic cancer, he is an amazing ex-ample to all of us how to run the race God has set out for each of us. 
May God bless Jon Randles, and may 
He continue to bless the United States of America. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NATIONAL AGRICULTURE WEEK 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of Na-tional Agriculture Week. 
If you look around this great build-
ing, you will find countless references to our early economy, which depended largely on our Nation’s abundant farm-land. This vital industry impacts every person in this country, from the food we place before our family to the busi-nesses that keep our citizens gainfully employed. 
My home State of Minnesota is the 
fourth largest agricultural exporter in the country, and Stearns County, which is in my district, is the largest dairy producing county in Minnesota. We are the Land of 10,000 Lakes and 80,000 farms. 
As a member of the Agriculture Com-
mittee, I am proud to work on behalf of both farmers and consumers to ensure this vibrant industry continues to thrive. Please join me this week in thanking a farmer. 
f 
THE GOP’S ‘‘WORK HARDER FOR 
LESS’’ BUDGET 
(Mr. ISRAEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, the Re-
publican budget that has been released today should be called ‘‘Work Harder for Less.’’ It squeezes hardworking Americans, making it harder for them to buy a home, harder to send their kids to college, and harder to enjoy a secure retirement. 
How does it do these things, Mr. 
Speaker? 
If you want to buy a home, it makes 
it harder because it continues to stag-nate paychecks. If you want to send your kids to college, it makes it harder by slashing tuition assistance and stu-dent loans. If you want to save some money for a secure and enjoyable re-tirement, it privatizes Medicare— again—after all these years of at-tempts. 
Mr. Speaker, this Republican budget 
takes the tools of opportunity away from hardworking Americans all in order to provide bigger and deeper tax cuts for the superwealthy. It is the same old-same old spiced up with an-other repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and the American people will under-stand what the Republican priorities are versus ours. 
f 
AMBASSADOR GERARD ARAUD 
VISITS SOUTH CAROLINA 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, yesterday, as cochairman of the French Caucus, I had the oppor-tunity to escort French Ambassador Gerard Araud across South Carolina, where he met enthusiastic citizens of French heritage along with business leaders who appreciate our valued alli-ance. 
South Carolina’s association with 
France was highlighted by the arrival of the Marquis de Lafayette at George-town to support the American Revolu-tion. His portrait is one of only two here in the House Chamber. 
Today, French investments are ex-
traordinary with the joint Michelin plants in Lexington, providing over 2,000 jobs at a nearly 2-million-square- foot facility. At the Savannah River site in Aiken, the Ambassador toured the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication facil-ity using AREVA advanced technology to convert weapons-grade plutonium into green fuel. These investments produce jobs for Americans and profits for France. 
In between tours, the Ambassador 
was honored to speak to the Columbia Rotary Club, South Carolina’s largest civic organization, led by President John Johnston, with introduction by French Huguenot, Rusty DePass. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. THE GOP’S ‘‘WORK HARDER FOR 
LESS’’ BUDGET 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, 
today the Republicans are unveiling yet another Republican budget that would ensure hardworking Americans have to continue to work harder and get less. 
Our country deserves a budget that 
puts these hardworking families first, not this damaging budget that guts middle class priorities making it hard-er to buy a home, harder to send your kids to college, and harder to have a secure retirement. It is all at the ex-pense of handouts to special interests. 
This ‘‘work harder, get less’’ budget 
continues to squeeze the middle class by keeping wages stagnant, cutting student loans, and privatizing Medi-care. House Democrats stand ready to pass a budget that invests in our fami-lies so that they can take home bigger paychecks, send their kids to school, and save for retirement. 
The Republican budget takes the 
tools that build the American Dream away from hardworking Americans to give bigger tax cuts and bigger tax breaks to the superwealthy. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope that my Repub-
lican colleagues will work with us in a bipartisan fashion to fashion a budget that works for all Americans. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ST. PATRICK’S 
DAY PARADE IN SAVANNAH, GEORGIA 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, today I rise to celebrate the 191st occasion of the St. Patrick’s Day Pa-rade in Savannah, Georgia. Among the largest Irish celebrations in the Na-tion, the St. Patrick’s Day Parade is held in the downtown historic district and is always a meaningful occasion for the citizens of Chatham County and the State of Georgia. 
In 1824, the Hibernian Society of Sa-
vannah, which was formed to aid the early Irish immigrants, began what would become the second largest St. Patrick’s Day Parade in the Nation. Peak years have estimated up to 400,000 visitors to the area for St. Patrick’s Day festivities. Georgia is proud to welcome visitors from all across the Nation, and it continues to be success-ful due to the hard work and dedication of those working in Savannah, Georgia. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to 
recognize and honor the members of the St. Patrick’s Day Parade Com-mittee, including Chairman Kevin Halligan and the Grand Marshal, Mr. Hugh Coleman, for their tireless efforts and outstanding commitment in orga-nizing this year’s parade. Thank you all for all you do in our community and the State of Georgia. I wish you much success in today’s event. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.004 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1668 March 17, 2015 
A STRONG MIDDLE CLASS IS A 
STRONG AMERICA 
(Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, the Re-
publican budget released today would deny working families the opportunity to earn a fair living that used to ensure a strong middle class in this country. 
Their budget would hurt seniors, as 
Republicans have proposed four times before, by ending Medicare as we know it. It would place the burden of bal-ancing the budget on the poor and keep arbitrary spending caps that hurt young and old alike by decimating Head Start and denying homebound seniors access to meals. It would cut Pell grants, hurting students seeking higher education, and it would leave our military lacking the critical re-sources we need to defend our country. 
Mr. Speaker, our Democratic budget 
will honor our promises to seniors and will give someone who worked hard the opportunity to earn a fair wage so that they can raise their family. It will keep health care affordable and help stu-dents seeking to better themselves at-tain an affordable education, and it will invest in our future by repairing our crumbling roads and bridges that are vital to a growing economy. 
Our budget stands for protecting 
Medicare, earning a fair wage, and re-building our infrastructure, because a strong middle class is a strong Amer-ica. 
f 
THE JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
(Mrs. WAGNER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I come 
to the floor today to express my out-rage that Senate Democrats have re-fused to allow consideration of des-perately needed sex trafficking legisla-tion. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act would strengthen punish-ments for perpetrators and increase Federal funding for the victims of human trafficking. But instead of sup-porting this vitally important legisla-tion, Senate Democrats are playing po-litical games. They have refused to support the legislation despite its hav-ing a bipartisan group of cosponsors and unanimous approval from the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, trafficking is a real 
problem in every State in the United States of America. Right now, almost 300,000 American children are at risk of commercial sexual exploitation. Chil-dren are being sold into sexual slavery right now while some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been holding up this critical legislation for 2 weeks. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for Senate 
Democrats to drop their protests, sup-port the thousands of vulnerable women and children this legislation 
would protect, and join Republicans in the fight against human trafficking. 
f 
THERE THEY GO AGAIN 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I never 
thought I would be quoting Ronald Reagan but, ‘‘There you go again,’’ an-other Republican budget that kicks the poor, the hungry, and the disabled to the curb, that strangles the middle class and deserts hardworking families. 
‘‘There you go again,’’ another Re-
publican budget that stymies research and development, abandons essential infrastructure, and stifles access to education. 
‘‘There you go again,’’ another Re-
publican budget that robs senior citi-zens, degrades the environment, and devastates our cultural institutions. 
‘‘There you go again,’’ another so- 
called Republican path to prosperity that is really a road map for distress and decline for all but big corporations and the megawealthy. 
So I urge folks, call those Republican 
Representatives and tell them that the American people don’t want to and don’t deserve to go that way again. 
f 
b1215 
HONORING CONESTOGA HIGH 
SCHOOL MUSIC DEPARTMENT 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the Con-estoga High School Music Department and their great success in this year’s music festivals. 
In 2015, Conestoga High School sent 
an impressive 32 students to the dis-trict chorus, band, and orchestra fes-tivals; 19 students to the region chorus, band, and orchestra festivals; six stu-dents to the all-State chorus, band, and orchestra festivals; one student to All- Eastern Orchestra; and one student to All-National Orchestra. 
In addition, sophomore Jason 
Bassiliou’s music composition has been selected as the winner at the high school level in the 2015 Pennsylvania Music Educators Association Composi-tion Program. 
Under the dedicated leadership of de-
partment head Sue Dickinger, Con-estoga High School Music Department represents among the best of Penn-sylvania’s Sixth District in the musical arts. 
Music is, in fact, an integral part of 
a student’s curriculum, and I commend the students, their teachers, and Con-estoga High School on an exceptional year in music. 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
MARCH IN SELMA 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, what an occasion and privilege it was to mark the 50th anniversary of the march in Selma. As my friend and hero Congressman J
OHN LEWIS said: 
‘‘Selma is more than a place, it is the realization of an idea.’’ 
Selma showed us that true empower-
ment begins with voting rights. After 50 years of progress, the Supreme Court has rolled back the Voting Rights Act, one of the most effective laws ever passed. Now, House leadership is saying parts of the VRA are ‘‘not necessary.’’ Literacy tests may be relics of the past but only because of the VRA. 
Some States have replaced old overt 
forms of voter disenfranchisement with more subtle forms of voter suppression through registration, through redis-tricting, and voting itself. States need to stop holding people back from vot-ing, and Congress must hold States ac-countable. The Court may not have done the right thing, but surely Con-gress can. 
Let’s restore the VRA and better the 
voting process for all voters. 
f 
NORTHERN LONG-EARED BAT 
RULE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, last Friday, I, along with 15 fellow House colleagues, called upon the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to provide flexibility with the agency’s proposal to list the northern long-eared bat under the Endangered Species Act. 
Back in December, the Fish and 
Wildlife Service proposed listing the northern long-eared bat as threatened under the Endangered Species Act through a special 4(d) rule, which would provide exemptions for certain activities if they met prescribed con-servation activities. 
Apart from forest management, the 
initial rule did not specify which ac-tivities would be granted exemptions. Because this species of bat can be found in 38 States, including all of Pennsylvania, a broad Endangered Spe-cies Act listing would have far-reach-ing impacts upon the States and per-missible land uses. 
Mr. Speaker, listing the northern 
long-eared bat as endangered has never been warranted. Since day one, the Fish and Wildlife Service has repeat-edly acknowledged the underlying cause of population decline is a dis-ease—white-nose syndrome—not habi-tat loss through human activity. 
Rather than limiting commerce and 
land use activities—impacting jobs and local economies—the Fish and Wildlife 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.006 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1669 March 17, 2015 
Service should focus their efforts on 
combating white-nose syndrome. 
f 
HOUSE REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak out against the Repub-lican budget plan. 
Budgets are not just numbers on a 
piece of paper; they are moral docu-ments, moral documents that dem-onstrate our Nation’s values, ideals, and our priorities. 
The House Republican budget of 
‘‘work harder and get less’’ is not where it is at. Their budget makes it harder for American families to pay for a home, to send their kids to college, and keeps paychecks in this country stagnant; and it is something that we should not tolerate. 
Instead, Republicans should work 
with Democrats to end the sequestra-tion so we can make it easier to send our kids to college, fix our roads that are crumbling every day, and also to make sure that we can keep good-pay-ing jobs here in our country. That is the American Dream; that is the land of opportunity. 
I urge the Republicans to work with 
us, not against us, so we can fix this problem for the American people. 
f 
HALABJA ATTACKS 
(Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today because this week marks the 27th anniversary of the Halabja chemical attacks against the Kurdish people in Iraq. 
On March 16, 1988, Saddam Hussein’s 
regime created one of modern history’s most barbaric crimes. He ordered his forces to drop chemical weapons, in-cluding mustard and sarin gas, on the Kurdish town of Halabja. 
The brutal attack, which can only be 
described as a crime against humanity, resulted in painful, agonizing deaths of at least 5,000 innocent men, women, and children, while leaving thousands more maimed, blinded, and otherwise permanently debilitated. 
More than two and a half decades 
later, the aftermath of this horrific atrocity is still apparent with the vic-tims, many of whom have suffered long-term illnesses, paralysis, neuro-logical effects, cancers, and even con-genital malformations in children to this day. 
Since these atrocities, the Kurds 
have done a remarkable job of rebuild-ing. Today, the Kurds are one of Amer-ica’s most steadfast allies. Peshmerga forces continue to shoulder immense burdens while seeking to defeat and de-stroy our mutual enemy ISIS. 
As a uniquely democratic and stable haven 
amidst a region more often marked by insta-bility and authoritarian rule, Kurdistan also 
hosts almost 1.6 million Internally Displaced Persons and refugees, including Christians, Yezidis, and other religious minorities. 
Today, we remember the unconscionable 
attack on Halabja, but we also celebrate the achievements and will of the Kurdish people to move forward. 
f 
STUDENT LOAN INTEREST RATES 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of policies that will help more students and families afford col-lege. 
The cost of obtaining a college de-
gree has increased more than 1,000 per-cent over the last three decades, and many more students need Federal loans to cover the costs. 
After racking up a mountain of debt, 
graduates struggle to put money into savings, buy a house, or start a busi-ness, but many people are shocked to find out that the Federal Government is making billions of dollars in profits off these students by charging higher interest rates than necessary. This is not fair or right. 
We should be rewarding our students 
for pursuing an education, not taxing them for it. Students should get the same low interest rates that the Fed-eral Reserve gives the big banks on Wall Street. 
I hope we can find bipartisan support 
in Congress for commonsense policies to make college more affordable. 
f 
NATIONAL WOMEN’S HISTORY 
MONTH 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate National Women’s History Month. 
Many famous women have shaped the 
course of our country’s fate; however, there are also women of note in our local communities that have made a real impact. I would like to highlight a constituent of mine, Paula O’Neil, Ph.D. 
Dr. O’Neil was elected as the first 
woman to serve as clerk of the circuit court and county comptroller in Pasco County’s history. A true role model, Dr. O’Neil has a long history of exem-plary public service in government and serves as a professor at Saint Leo Col-lege, now Saint Leo University. 
She has also been a courageous voice 
for others as she bravely battles can-cer, stressing the importance of early detection. 
This National Women’s History 
Month, I am happy to honor Dr. Paula O’Neil and recognize all women making a positive impact in our communities. WE CANNOT AFFORD TO BALANCE 
AMERICA’S CHECKBOOK ON THE BACK OF THE MIDDLE CLASS 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, earlier 
this month, we saw encouraging news about our economy continuing to move back from the debilitating recession that we faced only a few years ago. While we still have a ways to go, we are certainly moving in the right direc-tion. 
However, if the GOP budget revealed 
today should come to pass, it would have devastating effects on America’s middle class and undo the progress that we have made. This budget will force middle class families to work harder and get less. 
The GOP has presented us with legis-
lation that will keep paychecks stag-nant, making it harder to buy a home; it would cut student loans, making it difficult for kids to afford college, and it would strip away the secure retire-ment by privatizing Medicare. 
We cannot afford to balance Amer-
ica’s checkbook on the backs of the middle class. In the district where I come from—California’s Inland Em-pire—families are struggling from the recession and are fighting to catch up with the rest of the Nation. 
I cannot and will not ask them to 
bear this burden because the GOP can’t pass a budget. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF LORETTA 
LYNCH 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, it has been 
126 days since the President named Lo-retta Lynch as his nominee for the U.S. Attorney General position. It has been 46 days since the hearings began, and as we thought that there would soon be a full vote in the Senate, we are now facing another delay as Senate Repub-licans continue to drag their feet. 
This is unprecedented. Loretta Lynch 
rightfully deserves to be the next At-torney General for the United States. She is a proven litigator who is well qualified. She has a reputation as an accomplished, knowledgeable attorney. 
If confirmed, she will be the first Af-
rican American woman to hold the po-sition. This is a serious position, and it shouldn’t fall victim to partisan grid-lock. 
There is no argument that Loretta 
Lynch is more than qualified; yet she has been scrutinized more than any other male that has come before her vying for the U.S. Attorney General role: 900 questions, 9 hours of testi-mony. 
A fellow North Carolinian, Ms. Lynch 
is from a family of clergymen and civil rights community leaders. Throughout her career, she has served twice as U.S. attorney general for New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.007 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1670 March 17, 2015 
I stand today in full support of Loret-
ta Lynch as our next U.S. Attorney General. Let’s confirm her as our next Attorney General, and let’s make his-tory. 
f 
TWO VISIONS FOR OUR NATION’S 
FUTURE 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, Americans 
have a choice of two contrasting vi-sions for our Nation’s future. 
One vision features higher taxes, 
more debt, and greater burdens on hardworking families. The administra-tion’s budget would drown our Nation $27 trillion in debt. It would never ever balance. 
Its proponents pat themselves on the 
back for running these annual deficits, saying they have and could be worse. Only in D.C. is a half-trillion dollar deficit greeted with a pat on the back. 
Further, if Congress had accepted the 
administration’s previous budget pro-posals, the Federal Government would be 20 percent larger today, more bloat-ed, and less efficient. 
The other vision put forth by Con-
gress leads to a balanced budget at the end of the decade, and it stops dev-astating tax increases. The congres-sional budget reduces spending by over $5.5 trillion and calls for a fairer and simpler Tax Code so small businesses can create jobs and provide the better- paying jobs Americans are desperate for. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress’ proposal ac-
tually invests in the future and places our Nation on a path towards paying off our debt—rather than adding to it— by making government more efficient, effective, and accountable. 
Now is the time for the parties to 
work together to implement a vision that keeps our Nation on the path to prosperity, that keeps debt off the backs of working families, and that balances our Federal budget. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania) laid before the 
House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 17, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 17, 2015 at 9:19 a.m.: 
Appointments: Senate Delegation to the British-American 
Interparliamentary Group Conference. 
Senate Delegation to the Canada-U.S. 
Interparliamentary Group Conference. Senate Delegation to the Mexico-U.S. 
Interparliamentary Group Conference. 
U.S.-China Interparliamentary Group Con-
ference. 
Congressional-Executive Commission on 
the People’s Republic of China. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
b1230 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1029, EPA SCIENCE ADVI-SORY BOARD REFORM ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 1030, SE-CRET SCIENCE REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 138 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 138 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1029) to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-10. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-
vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from pro-posing, finalizing, or disseminating regula-tions or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-11. That amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute are waived. No amend-ment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-
mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 138 provides for the consid-eration of two important pieces of leg-islation to create a more transparent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.008 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1671 March 17, 2015 
and accountable Environmental Pro-
tection Agency, one that works in an open manner for all of America. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate for each of the bills contained within the rule. Further, amendments were made in order for each bill, for a total of six amendments from Members of both parties. 
Mr. Speaker, the first bill contained 
in this rule, H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015, brings greater accountability and over-sight to the Board of appointed advis-ers which the EPA uses to review the scientific basis for its official actions. Created in the late 1970s, the Science Advisory Board was intended to be a check on the EPA in order to ensure 
that the Agency’s math and statistics were all in order before it promulgated rules or regulations. 
In fact, the original authorization for 
the Board made clear that the Science Advisory Board was to report to both the Environmental Protection Agency and to Congress on its findings. How-ever, over the course of the past sev-eral decades since its inception, the Science Advisory Board has become lit-tle more than a rubberstamp for what-ever the EPA Administrator wishes to accomplish. With the Board members being handpicked by the Adminis-trator, they are likely being chosen primarily on the basis that they hold the same view of the environmental world as whoever the head of the EPA is at any given time. 
The bill before us would provide for a 
more balanced representation on the Science Advisory Board, setting out parameters regarding whom the Ad-ministrator can choose and ensuring that State and local governments have representation on the Board so the Board is not comprised solely of envi-ronmental activists, as has been the case for some time now. Indeed, cur-rent regulations exclude industry ex-perts from serving on the Science Advi-sory Board but not officials from envi-ronmental advocacy groups—in other words, special interests. These new reg-ulations are necessary to ensure against any appearance of impropriety on the Science Advisory Board. 
This legislation becomes even more 
critical when one considers that the numerous regulations currently being considered by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency could have enormous impacts on the Nation’s economy. From proposed carbon regulations to the ratcheting down of ozone regula-tions, the Science Advisory Board has been tasked with reviewing the science that will back up some of the most ex-pensive rules in the history of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. It is critical that the American people have confidence that the Federal Govern-ment is doing what is justified. The fear is that, absent significant reforms to the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s process, this simply will not be the case. 
The second bill contained in this 
rule, H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Re-form Act, is also intended to make the 
Environmental Protection Agency’s rulemaking process more transparent. This was at one time a goal of the cur-rent administration’s. We seem to have lost that somewhere along the way. The legislation states that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency may take official action on an environ-mental regulation only if it has identi-fied all of the scientific and technical information upon which it has based its decision, and these must be publicly available studies that can be independ-ently peer reviewed. This would bring the EPA’s process in line with how many scientific journals operate when they publish peer-reviewed studies. 
Further, the bill is prospective, and 
it will not interfere with any enacted rules or regulations by the Environ-mental Protection Agency. To address concerns expressed during the Science Committee’s consideration of the bill, the legislation spells out that nothing in these requirements would jeopardize any privacy concerns with scientific studies. The CDC successfully makes its studies available. It redacts per-sonal information, and it does not ex-pose any test subject’s personal infor-mation. The EPA should have no prob-lem similarly complying with these re-quirements. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans are waking 
up to how much of the United States economy the EPA is attempting to reg-ulate—from carbon dioxide to ozone— and people are rightly anxious over how these new and, in some cases, un-precedented rules will affect some con-sumers’ wallets. It is reasonable and expeditious to ensure that the science that the EPA relies upon to craft its regulations simply be transparent and simply be available for all to see and not for just that select group of indus-try insiders that the EPA deems wor-thy to see its work products. 
Even the congressional committees 
that are charged with the legitimate oversight of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s actions have had dif-ficulty in obtaining basic scientific jus-tifications for the actions taken by the EPA over the last few years. The bills before us today will begin the process of making the Environmental Protec-tion Agency accountable to the very constituency that it claims to pro-tect—the American people. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank the gentleman from Texas, 
Dr. B
URGESS , for yielding the cus-
tomary 30 minutes. I rise today in op-position to the rule and the underlying bills. 
Mr. Speaker, we are fortunate to 
have put the most recent Republican manufactured crisis of funding the De-partment of Homeland Security behind us. This was not the first crisis caused by the extreme rightwing in this body, and I am certain that it won’t be the 
last. In looking ahead to the balance of the year, I am sure that my Republican colleagues are preparing themselves to continue with the same trend. 
For example, the current suspension 
of the debt limit, which expired on March 15, is a crisis. By the end of this month, Congress has to act on the so- called ‘‘doc fix’’ or else—crisis. The highway trust fund is set to run out of money in about 3 months. There is an-other crisis. At the end of June, the Export-Import Bank will have to be re-authorized—crisis. That takes us all the way to the end of the fiscal year, in September, when we push reset and have to do it all again from the begin-ning. This is no way to govern, and it is not what Americans who are strug-gling to put food on the table want or deserve. 
I haven’t mentioned the two bills in 
question today. That is not by acci-dent. It is because they are typical go nowhere, do-nothing pet projects. Mr. Speaker, having served on the Rules Committee for as long as I have and having made the prediction, as my col-leagues on the Democratic side of the Rules Committee have repeated, that the legislation is going nowhere, I think that we have been confirmed vir-tually every time. 
These two measures are attempts by 
corporate interests to compromise the Environmental Protection Agency’s in-tegrity and stock its scientific review board with sympathizers. Neither will become law. ‘‘Secret science’’ might sound scary, but the rhetoric has out-paced the reality. Furthermore, this bill will not improve the EPA’s science or make it more transparent. In fact, the bill’s impossible standards and mechanisms will actually force the En-vironmental Protection Agency to ig-nore major and consequential studies. 
De-identifying the data is not so sim-
ple. Firstly, just because the data is de- identified doesn’t mean that it will stay de-identified. We are all familiar with how much personal information is readily available. Only a few pieces of information are required to reconnect the de-identified dots across the Inter-net and social media. Moreover, de- identifying the data means removing critical information that often renders the results not reproducible, which, under the regime created by this bill, would then force the EPA to ignore le-gitimate and, possibly, important stud-ies. 
b1245 
Dr. B
URGESS pointed out that it 
would protect the wallets of some. I am equally concerned about the bodies of all. 
The other measure we are consid-
ering today, H.R. 1029, will give private industry substantial influence over the EPA. As we should have learned from the economic collapse, stuffing the reg-ulatory agency with industry-affiliated experts is like leaving the wolves to mind the flock. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.011 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1672 March 17, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I find it most unfortu-
nate that my Republican colleagues continue to bring up do-nothing bills that will go nowhere and then spend the rest of their time doing everything in their power to oppose the President of the United States. Quite frankly, the American people deserve better. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 2 minutes for the purpose of re-sponse. 
Mr. Speaker, I remind the body that 
there was an election held in November of last year, and the results of that election are now part of history. Prior to that election, it is true, there were bills passed in the House of Representa-tives that were submitted to the Sen-ate for action, and basically nothing happened. The then-Senate majority leader had made a decision that he was going to prevent any legislation from passing, he was going to prevent his Members from having to take a vote that might be construed as difficult, and he was certainly going to prevent the President from being in a position of having to veto any legislation. 
I would just remind people that the 
process is the House and Senate each pass their bills; they agree in a con-ference committee to any differences. If that conference report is passed by both Houses, indeed, it is submitted to the White House for action, and that action may, indeed, be a veto. But you know what, Mr. Speaker? That veto is actually an important part of the proc-ess. 
Right now people are unaware of 
where the President is on several issues because he has simply never had to render a decision; it has always been a full stop over at the Senate majority leader’s desk. The American people spoke loudly last November that they did not want that process to continue. 
Now, one may successfully argue 
that in 2012 the American people voted for divided government, but in 2014 they said: You know, that is not work-ing out so well for us, and we are will-ing to give the Senate, to return a voice to the Senate. 
We are now giving the Senate an op-
portunity. These bills were both passed last year. The gentleman from Florida knows that very well. We had this very same argument on the floor of the House last fall. Both bills essentially died in the Senate. It is my hope now that we will give the Senate yet an-other opportunity. It is a new day, new Senators, new majority leader. Let them have a chance to act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BURGESS. I yield myself an ad-
ditional 2 minutes just to speak briefly on the substance of H.R. 1030, the Se-cret Science Reform Act. This is a bill that requires the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to base its regulations on science, not only on science, but science that is available to the public and subject to independent verifica-tion. Who could be against that? That is part of the scientific process. 
That is part of scientific inquiry. You balance things, propose a theory; some-one proposes an alternate; you get the data, collect the evidence, do the stud-ies, do the experiments, make that gen-erally available, and come to a conclu-sion. 
This is a transparency bill. The ad-
ministration ran on the concept of transparency. We are simply trying to help them fulfill that obligation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude in the R
ECORD the March 3, 2014, 
statements of the administration on the EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act and Secret Science Reform Act. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 1029—EPA SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD  
REFORM ACT OF 2015  
(Rep. Lucas, R–OK and 24 cosponsors) 
The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 
1029, which would affect the ability of EPA’s Science Advisory Board (SAB) to form pan-els and perform its essential functions. The SAB, along with other functions, reviews the quality and adequacy of certain scientific and technical information used by EPA or proposed as the basis for EPA regulations. Therefore, it is imperative that the SAB be composed of the most knowledgeable sci-entific and technical experts available. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), which governs Federal advisory committees such as the SAB, provides for balanced pan-els and subcommittees that include experts with diverse backgrounds who represent wide-ranging perspectives. 
H.R. 1029 would negatively affect the ap-
pointment of experts and would weaken the scientific independence and integrity of the SAB. For example, the bill would impose a hiring quota for SAB members based on em-ployment by a State, local, or tribal govern-ment as opposed to scientific expertise. The bill would also place limitations on SAB members’ participation in ‘‘advisory activi-ties that directly or indirectly involve re-view and evaluation of their own work.’’ De-termining the practical meaning of ‘‘indi-rect’’ involvement will be difficult and con-sequently problematic to implement. The provisions on appointment of experts to the SAB and various other requirements could also preclude the nomination of scientists with significant expertise in their fields. 
In addition, H.R. 1029 would add burden-
some requirements on the SAB with respect to solicitation of and response to public com-ments, above and beyond those imposed by FACA. These new requirements would saddle the SAB with workload that would impair its ability to carry out its mandate. Further, H.R. 1029 would add an unnecessary, burden-some, and costly layer of requirements for hazard and risk assessments without defin-ing the scope of these requirements and ab-sent recognition that many high profile as-sessments already are reviewed by the SAB. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
1029, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 1030—SECRET SCIENCE REFORM ACT OF 2015  
(Rep. Smith, R–TX and 28 cosponsors) 
The Administration strongly supports reg-
ulatory transparency, but strongly opposes H.R. 1030. The bill would impose arbitrary, unnecessary, and expensive requirements that would seriously impede the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) ability to use science to protect public health and 
the environment, as required under an array of environmental laws, while increasing un-certainty for businesses and States. 
H.R. 1030 could be used to prevent EPA 
from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating 
any ‘‘covered action’’ until legal challenges about the legitimate withholding of certain scientific and technical information are re-solved. Provisions of the bill could be inter-preted to prevent EPA from taking impor-tant, and possibly legally required, actions, where supporting data is not publicly avail-able, and legal challenges could delay impor-tant environmental and health protections. For example, the data underlying some sci-entifically-important studies is not made broadly available in order to protect the pri-vacy of test subjects, and modeling that EPA uses for a variety of purposes are not EPA property and therefore cannot be publicly re-leased. H.R. 1030 could interfere with EPA’s ability to take actions based on such data. In short, the bill would undermine EPA’s abil-ity to protect the health of Americans, would impose expensive new mandates on EPA, and could impose substantial litigation costs on the Federal government. It also could impede EPA’s reliance on the best available science. 
Instead of an overly broad bill that would 
tie EPA’s hands, the Administration urges the Congress to support the Administration’s efforts to make scientific and technical in-formation more accessible and regulations more transparent. A bill consistent with the principles expressed in the Administration’s Executive Order 13563 ‘‘Improving Regula-tion and Regulatory Review’’ and the De-cember 2010 Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) Memorandum on Scientific Integrity, as well as implementation of the Administration’s recent open data and public access initiatives (e.g., OSTP’s February 2013 policy memorandum on Increasing Access to the Results of Federally Funded Scientific Research) would greatly benefit the Amer-ican people. EPA also has embarked on sev-eral initiatives that enhance access to and transparency of data and science used to in-form policy and regulatory decisions. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
1030, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I would urge that 
my colleague who made the comment that we don’t know where the Presi-dent is, well, there is where the Presi-dent is. 
I would also ask rhetorically, if it is 
that all these things that we passed that I said were going nowhere last year, why is it that we haven’t had anything go anywhere this year with both a Republican Senate and a Repub-lican House, and neither of these meas-ures is going to go anywhere nor are they going to go to conference, and I believe people know that. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-
vious question, we are going to offer an amendment to the rule that would allow the House to consider the Pro-moting U.S. Jobs Through Exports Act. This bill would renew the Export-Im-port Bank’s charter for an additional 7 years, ensuring certainty for U.S. ex-porters and businesses through 2022. 
To discuss our proposal, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the dis-
tinguished ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services and my good friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.013 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1673 March 17, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida for his leadership on this important issue. I applaud him, Leader P
ELOSI , and Whip H OYER for their ef-
forts to ensure we support policies that create American jobs and keep U.S. businesses competitive. 
I find the contrast with the bills we 
consider this week particularly strik-ing as the out-of-touch Republican leadership wastes our time with meas-ures that deny science and strip work-ers of critical rights. 
Mr. Speaker, I am in disbelief that 
we are still debating the future of the Export-Import Bank, which we know supports hundreds of thousands of jobs and levels the playing field so that American businesses, large and small, can compete globally. The facts under-score what is at stake. 
In fiscal year 2014, Ex-Im Bank ap-
proved more than 3,400 transactions with a total estimated export value of $27.5 billion. This support is estimated to have sustained 164,000 export-related U.S. jobs. Over the past 5 years, it is es-timated that the Bank has created or sustained more than 1.2 million private sector jobs. Moreover, all this was ac-complished as the Bank returned over $674 million back to the American tax-payers just last year. 
Over the past two decades, the Bank 
has generated a surplus of $6.9 billion for U.S. taxpayers, but for months a handful of extremists in this Chamber have refused to accept the numerous and widespread benefits provided by the Export-Import Bank to our econ-omy. They have ignored these numbers as well as the diverse array of interests who support the Bank, such as the United States Chamber of Commerce; the National Small Business Associa-tion; the National Association of Man-ufacturers; labor unions, such as the AFL–CIO; and many others. 
Instead, they have decided to follow 
the talking points of extremist groups like Heritage Action and the Club for Growth. I find it ironic that Repub-licans are actively working to ensure this important engine of job creation closes its doors while also waging war with President Obama over the Key-stone XL pipeline, which even the most inflated estimates say would create far fewer jobs than Ex-Im. 
However, I have been heartened to 
see a number of frustrated Repub-licans, some of them even Tea Partiers themselves, say enough is enough and have chosen to stand up for real work-ers and businesses rather than a hand-ful of ideologues dictating policy from a Washington think tank. I applaud the 58 Republicans who courageously have come out against their leadership in favor of renewing the Export-Import Bank’s charter. 
As we take an important vote that 
will bring Export-Import Bank legisla-tion to the floor today, I ask those Re-publicans to once again show their courage, show their leadership, and show your constituents who rely on the Export-Import Bank for jobs and eco-
nomic growth that you are willing to do what is best for them and not what is politically expedient. 
Democrats want to provide certainty 
for the businesses and workers who rely on the Bank, and that is why I, along with Mr. H
ECK of Washington, 
Ms. M OORE of Wisconsin, and Whip 
HOYER of Maryland, recently intro-
duced legislation to reauthorize, re-form, and reenergize the Export-Import Bank. The measure takes a sensible ap-proach to renewing the Bank, extend-ing its charter for 7 years, increasing its lending authority to meet the needs of U.S. exporters, and modernizing the Bank’s programs to better serve small- and medium-sized businesses. 
I couldn’t be prouder of my demo-
cratic colleagues, 189 of whom joined as cosponsors just a few days after being introduced. Such widespread support sends a strong message to America’s manufacturers, businesses, and work-ers that Democrats are united in pre-serving an institution that for decades has helped this Nation create jobs and grow the economy; and it makes clear that if those supportive Republicans were to join us, this Congress could pass an extension of the Export-Import Bank’s charter today. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, this is the 
right thing to do for our workers and for our businesses and for our Nation. Let’s stand up for what is right. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 1 minute for the purpose of a re-sponse. 
I appreciate the comments on the Ex-
port-Import Bank. I would point out to the body that today’s rule has under consideration bills dealing with regu-lating the Environmental Protection Agency. The House did pass an exten-sion of the Export-Import Bank charter last December that follows through until June of this year. There will be ample opportunity for us to have this debate and engage in debate as, indeed, people of this country want us to do. Today is not the time for that debate. Today is the day for deciding whether or not this body will further regulate the EPA. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
think the time to create American jobs is anytime, and sooner rather than later. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ), my good friend, 
the ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. H
ASTINGS for yielding to me. 
I, too, rise in support of H.R. 1031, the 
Promoting U.S. Jobs Through Exports Act of 2014, which reauthorizes the Ex-port-Import Bank long term. I am so proud to have been able to introduce this legislation, along with our ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services, Ms. W
ATERS , and Representa-
tives H ECKand H OYER . The bill has 189 Democratic cospon-
sors. You add that number to the 57 Re-publicans that are supportive of Rep-resentative F
INCHER ’s legislation to re-
authorize the Export-Import Bank and just do the math there: 189 and 57, far and above any kind of majority needed to reauthorize this important jobs cre-ation, jobs engine, and I would hope that this body would move forward on reauthorizing this legislation. 
My district of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 
has a very strong manufacturing and industrial base. I believe that we are maybe second in the country that real-ly depends on a strong manufacturing and industrial base for our basic eco-nomic activity, and the small manufac-turers in Milwaukee utilize the Export- Import Bank to export goods and serv-ices to places like China and India. 
One of the narratives, the untrue 
narratives about the Export-Import Bank is that it is a utility for big com-panies like Boeing, it is the Bank of Boeing. Well, not so much. There is an endless supply chain, like the ones that I have visited recently. 
I just recently went to a shop in Mil-
waukee that employs 30 people—30 peo-ple—yet they export U.S. goods to work on the Panama Canal. 
b1300 
The president of that company just 
flat out stated that he doesn’t exist without the Export-Import Bank. Folks, it is just that simple. 
I have heard many debates and argu-
ments about the importance of passing stuff like Keystone, which is debatable as a job creator, and where it does cre-ate jobs, it is in a very small geo-graphic area—whereas the Export-Im-port Bank creates hundreds of thou-sands of jobs in all of our districts. 
Folks, it is just really that simple. 
The Export-Import Bank is a necessary part of our discussion about creating jobs. 
Until we get past the political argu-
ments that are being made about hang-ing the Export-Import Bank out there as low-hanging fruit to demonstrate our willingness to cut off so-called cor-porate welfare so that we can then get at cutting off entitlement programs to people, until we get past that cynical debate, I don’t think that we are going to see very much in the way of improv-ing our job creation performance in the United States. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 2 minutes for the purpose of a response. 
Talking about job creation is well 
and good, but we should also concern ourselves about job erosion and job loss. I don’t know if the EPA is the number one Federal agency involved in job erosion and job loss, but it is right up there. 
If you talk to anyone at home in 
your district about what is the Federal agency that is responsible for more job destruction, the EPA, if not at the top of the list, is right behind some of the others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.014 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1674 March 17, 2015 
What we are about today is to regu-
late the regulator. It is not even to reg-ulate the regulator, just have the regu-lator disclose to us what information upon which they are relying to make those regulations. 
Why does the EPA Science Advisory 
Board Reform Act matter? Because the Science Advisory Board plays a critical role in reviewing the scientific infor-mation that forms the foundation of costly EPA regulations. What is the cost of those EPA regulations, Mr. Speaker? The cost is jobs. 
The work we are doing today is im-
portant. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the rule and in favor of the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased at this time to yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK), 
my good friend and a member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule and the previous question in order that I might support Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ’ effort to offer the amendment to 
reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Here is why. The Export-Import 
Bank is a job-creating machine. Over the last 5 years, it has created—by good and scientifically-based esti-mates—about 1.2 million well-paying jobs, good-paying jobs, the kind of jobs that you can have and buy a home and send your kids to college and that touch every congressional district in the State. The Export-Import Bank is a job-creating machine. 
The Export-Import Bank is also a 
deficit-reducing machine. Not one red penny in the last generation has been used to subsidize it. In fact, $7 billion has been transferred to the Treasury to reduce the deficit. It was $1 billion 2 years ago, $675 million last year, and a projected $8 million this year. The Ex-port-Import Bank is a deficit-reducing machine. 
In addition to that, it is a superper-
former, by any private sector measure. I come from the private sector. How they conduct their business is the envy of the financial services sector. 
It has a default rate of less than—you 
are hearing this correctly—.175 percent and a collection rate over 50 percent. It is a superperformer; yet the Export-Im-port Bank goes away in exactly 105 days—poof, gone, vanished. 
The gentleman from Texas asked a 
very good question, a fair question: Why now? Well, the answer is: The clock is ticking, tick tock, tick tock. There are 105 days to go; yet the com-mittee of jurisdiction has not had a hearing, has not scheduled a markup, and has issued no notice for either. 
In fact, when we had the committee 
oversight plan before us, what did the committee chair do? He opposed a neu-trally worded amendment that said, Let’s take up the Export-Import Bank and subject it to regular order. That is 
all. Let’s go through regular order. 
There is no intent to take up the Ex-
port-Import Bank—no hearing, no markup, a rejection of regular order. That is why now. 
It has been said, erroneously, that 
the Export-Import Bank primarily ben-efits Big Business—principally, aero-space. That is so wrong on so many lev-els, I cannot exaggerate it. 
To begin with, 90 percent of the 
transactions of the Export-Import Bank go to small business, but it also fails to understand something, this ar-gument coming from people who are supposed to understand the private sec-tor. 
Take a company like Boeing, a pride 
of America. Please remember, ladies and gentlemen, there are only two companies on the face of the planet that produce large airplanes, and America has but one of them. Do you know what they rely on? 12,000 busi-nesses in their supply chain, many of which are small. 
Here is the fact. Last week, I was 
home in a town called Puyallup, which most people can’t even pronounce. It is a beautiful community of 38,000 people. It is not anywhere near Renton or Everett, where the airplanes are manu-factured. 
Do you know how many small busi-
nesses there are in the confines of the city limits of Puyallup that supply the aerospace industry and benefit from the Export-Import Bank? Seventeen, small businesses everywhere, but it is also stand-alone small businesses. 
Another in my district is called 
Pexco. They produce traffic cones and the like that they sell internationally. Ex-Im financed $2.3 million of their product last year. 
I had a couple in my office just a few 
weeks ago from eastern Washington. I don’t even represent them. They have agricultural products, mint extract and mint oil. Before they began working with the Export-Import Bank, one- third of their gross revenues were in exports. They began working with them, and their domestic side has grown. Now, it is two-thirds. 
I had another agricultural interest in 
the office. They said that 5 years ago, 5 percent of their business was export. They did not use the Export-Import Bank. They began using it, and it is now 50 percent. 
Finally, ladies and gentlemen, let us 
remember that there are 60 developed nations on the face of the Earth, and if we allow our Export-Import Bank to expire, we will be the only one on the face of the planet without an export credit authority. 
Let me tell you, China is rubbing 
their hands in anticipation because, in addition to Airbus—remember, we are 2 to 8 years away from China manufac-turing a wide-body airplane. They can’t wait for the Export-Import Bank to ex-pire so they can capture market share. 
Why in the world would we unilater-
ally disarm? Remember this: We are only 5 percent of the world’s popu-
lation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. If we want 
to keep and grow our middle class, we need to learn how to sell into the grow-ing middle class of the rest of the world, and that requires the Export- Import Bank. 
The Export-Import Bank is a job-cre-
ating machine, a deficit-reducing ma-chine, and a superperformer. The votes are here. It is 190, by the way—not 189—and 58 on that side of the aisle. 
There is a part of me, a voice in me 
that wants to shout: Let my people go. The votes are here. It is not scheduled for a hearing. Let Mr. H
ASTINGS offer 
his amendment. Let’s reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to remind Members we are talking about the EPA today, a job-destroying agency. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ), a member 
of the Rules Committee. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I appre-
ciate my friend and colleague from the Rules Committee yielding me time to speak on this rule. 
Mr. Speaker, I am going to speak on 
the rule for H.R. 1030 and H.R. 1029 be-cause I think, frankly, it fits into what I have just been hearing, but I think it fits in sort of maybe a perverse way, but also a very good way, because it emphasizes exactly what we need to be talking about here, and that is jobs, that is the economy, that is good growth, that is good government, that is the things that we are supposed to be doing and working on that and finding out why certain things don’t get done. 
Anybody watching over the last little 
bit would actually have a concern as to what we are doing, and I think it goes back to a simple understanding that there is a very clear understanding of why and who is offering what amend-ments and what bills up here. The Re-publican majority is offering a vision in which people are empowered in gov-ernment, not taking the incentives away. 
I think it was summed up very well 
in a statement just the other day from the administration that actually said that their definition, if you will, of a burdensome regulation was something that burdened the employees of a gov-ernment agency. 
I think it is very clear from our per-
spective that what is a burdensome regulation is something that burdens American businesses and burdens the scientific communities and burdens those in which government is putting its finger on and stifling. There is a big difference here. All you have to do is watch what is said and watch what is done, and you will begin to see that. 
I will not be supporting, as we go 
back to these bills, all the amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.016 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1675 March 17, 2015 
made in order under this rule. I am 
still pleased that we, as a House, are considering them as we come to the floor and also that the House will ulti-mately work its will. 
One of the key differences high-
lighted is in how we as conservatives and others in this body look at H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the committee markup of this legislation argued that ‘‘this marks a radical departure from longstanding practices.’’ 
I hope this is the case, for these ac-
claimed ‘‘longstanding practices’’ have favored interest group agendas over scientific integrity, back rooms over public participation, and sacrificed transparency and openness at the altar of political expediency. 
Conservatives in this body believe 
that Congress should not tolerate an administration who refuses to make public the scientific data behind nu-merous EPA regulations, regulations that are crippling the ability of busi-nesses to survive in this economic cli-mate created and sustained by the failed policies of this administration. 
This administration issued a state-
ment of opposition, as I just talked about a moment ago, saying that un-derlying measures in these bills would be ‘‘burdensome’’ on the government. I think if our Founders were hearing this today, they would stand up and say: That is not what we intended. 
Read the document. The document 
said a limited, structured government that supports the people, that supports our welfare, and supports the cause of the United States of America, not in a form in which government is the prob-lem in finding out these problems and keeping from areas in a scientific com-munity, in the business community. 
There is a clear, distinct difference 
here. What is burdensome on govern-ment is what then turns around and be-comes burdensome on the American people. You see, conservatives in Con-gress try to streamline and reform our regulatory system, ensure that cost and benefits of regulations are ana-lyzed before it is implemented, and we are told that that is burdensome. 
While the conservatives are being 
criticized for burdensome reforms, they are also, at the same time, pushing through $181.5 billion in regulations just last year. 
Apparently, the administration has 
redefined burdensome to mean some-thing that most do not. It is just an-other example of a disconnect. 
Now, what is often said at this point 
is that conservatives and Republicans don’t want clean water. They want to destroy the environmental integrity. They want bad air and poor traffic con-trol and maybe everything else in the world that you want to say because there is a belief that government will fix all that. 
There is a proper role for govern-
ment, but in this environment, let’s have transparency, let’s have openness, let’s have public participation. Let’s 
not keep stuff away from the American people. That is what they are asking for. That is what they expect from their government. 
Instead of marginalizing the honest 
debate about science and being about scientific enterprise, instead of saying that they are for something that no-body is for, let’s be honest about the 
legislation. 
If you don’t really want to talk about 
the legislation, let’s talk about every-thing else in the world. That is a good way to distract. We don’t want to talk about a process that is broken. We will talk about something else. 
No, it is not going to happen this 
time. I agree with the previous speak-er. Let my people go. Let my people go. Let the government be open. Let the government be transparent. 
Let the government be limited so 
that the American people are not lim-ited, the American people have all they need, and that is the purpose of these bills. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
always fascinated when our colleagues come to the floor of this great delibera-tive body and argue against govern-ment. The last time I looked, all 435 plus 6 of us and the 100 United States Senators sought public office to be in-volved in making government better. 
b1315 
The government is the people of the 
United States. And it is not only the respective agencies; it is also our coun-ties, our parishes, our districts, our cit-ies that are the government. When we say that, it makes it sound as if the government is bad, and defense is the only entity that all of us agree is our responsibility. 
But yes, clean water is our responsi-
bility, and, yes, emissions that cause harm to the environment and to indi-viduals are our mission. Those are re-sponsibilities of government. 
Yes, air traffic control is a responsi-
bility of government. Yes, the way our roads are undertaken, or the repair of bridges, yes, that is the government. 
So I have a lot of trouble with an 
antigovernment attitude when, in fact, we are just being anti-ourselves. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that science is 
the formation of conclusions upon a foundation of testable observation. Sometimes mistakes are made, and they can be construed as valuable be-cause you learn what not to do the next time. 
Government, for example, operated 
NASA and still has some role in that, and many of the experiments that were failed experiments led to us under-standing how to develop the microwave and how to develop scientific heart de-vices that have benefited the American people. Yes, that was the government. 
But this Republican-caused crisis was 
resolved in the same way it was a few weeks back, the same way it was re-solved the last time the Republicans shut down the government. It was re-solved on the backs of Democrats. When the other party decides to work 
with the Democratic Party, the Amer-ican people benefit from its govern-ment, and we saw evidence of that in the Homeland Security financing measure. 
Given how often we find ourselves in 
similar situations, I can’t help but wonder what hypothesis my friends are trying to test. I do not think that see-ing how far our security and economic stability can bend before breaking is what is meant by ‘‘the great American experiment.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule that is going nowhere fast, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of the time. 
First off, I want to bring us back to 
the issue at hand today; that, is the rule for consideration of H.R. 1029 and H.R. 1030. 
H.R. 1029 protects jobs by helping to 
ensure that important scientific advice is balanced and unbiased. The bill pro-motes public participation and encour-ages the Science Advisory Board to draw on State and private sector exper-tise, fairly simple concepts. 
H.R. 1030 is a transparency bill that 
simply asks the EPA to show its work before implementing regulations that cost billions of dollars and destroy jobs. Transparency and reproducibility are basic tenets of science. Costly envi-ronmental regulations should only be based on data that are available to independent scientists and to the pub-lic. 
The fact is, Mr. Speaker, if the EPA 
has nothing to hide, then there is no good reason to keep this data from the American people. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, today’s rule 
provides for the consideration of the two important bills to provide for an open and transparent rulemaking at the Environmental Protection Agency. I certainly thank the authors for their thoughtful legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support both the rule and the underlying bills. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 138 O FFERED BY  
MR. HASTINGS OF FLORIDA  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R.1031) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. General debate shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.017 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1676 March 17, 2015 
be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 
one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1031. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal 
to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS of Florida. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adoption of the resolu-tion, if ordered, and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1191. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 232, nays 181, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 116] 
YEAS—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.005 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1677 March 17, 2015 
Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Collins (GA) 
Conyers Graves (MO) Hinojosa Hudson Hurt (VA) Lewis Lummis 
McKinley Payne Roskam Rush Sanford Schock Scott, Austin 
Smith (WA) Wilson (FL) Young (AK) Zinke 
b1348 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York and Mses. D EGETTE, ESTY, and 
CLARKE of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas changed 
his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 116 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 116, ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 138. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 180, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 117] 
AYES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Coffman 
Conyers Graves (MO) Hinojosa Hudson Lummis McKinley 
Payne Ribble Roskam Rush Sanford Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Young (AK) 
b1355 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 117, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
ODER ). The unfinished business is the 
vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 118] 
YEAS—415 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.006 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1678 March 17, 2015 
Diaz-Balart 
Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts 
Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano 
Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Conyers Graves (MO) Hastings Hinojosa Hudson Lummis McKinley 
Mulvaney Payne Roskam Rush Sanford Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Vela Young (AK) 
b1402 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on the final 
vote results for rollcall vote No. 118 that took place on March 17, 2015, I would have voted in favor of H.R. 1191. 
f 
EPA SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD 
REFORM ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1029. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
M
OONEY of West Virginia). Is there ob-
jection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 138 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1029. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1404 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1029) to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Au-thorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
ODER  
in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. 
L
UCAS ) and the gentlewoman from Or-
egon (Ms. B ONAMICI ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
SMITH and former Environment Sub-committee Chairs Harris, Stewart, and 
Schweikert for their hard work on this important piece of legislation. I also want to thank my friend Representa-tive P
ETERSON for making this bill a 
bipartisan effort. I appreciate his will-ingness to sponsor this bill with me. 
This is a good government bill. It re-
flects the values we should uphold, re-gardless of which side of the political aisle we are on. 
In western Oklahoma, we are no 
strangers to regulatory overreach from the Environmental Protection Agency. Farmers, ranchers, and small busi-nesses often find themselves the target of burdensome and simply inefficient regulations. 
These regulations range from some-
thing as specific as farm fuel tank re-quirements to vastly prohibitive re-strictions on electric power plants that power our homes. 
Government intrusion into America’s 
energy and agricultural sectors rever-berate into our everyday lives in the form of higher food prices or higher monthly energy bills. Stagnant wages and underemployment have only exac-erbated the problem for families trying to make ends meet. 
The science behind EPA regulations 
is as important as the money they si-phon from our economy. Science and data are invaluable tools in helping us navigate complex policy issues, and when the economic cost of these regu-lations reaches into tens of millions of dollars, we need to get it right. 
H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory 
Board Reform Act, ensures that the best experts are free to undertake a balanced and open review of regulatory science. 
The Board was established to provide 
scientific advice to the EPA, to Con-gress, and to review the quality and relevance of the science that EPA uses for regulations, but in recent years, shortcomings from the process, unfor-tunately, have arisen. 
Opportunities for public participa-
tion are limited, an imbalance of view-points has been allowed to grow, poten-tial conflicts of interest have gone un-checked, and the ability of the Board to speak independently seemingly has been curtailed. If the EPA undermines the Board’s independence or prevents it from providing advice to Congress, the valuable advice these experts can pro-vide is wasted. 
Despite the existing requirement 
that EPA’s advisory panels be ‘‘fairly balanced in terms of point of view rep-resented,’’ the Science Committee has identified a number of problems that we fear undermine the panel’s credi-bility and work product. 
These include: A number of advisory members have 
received money from the EPA. This could create an appearance of a con-flict of interest. 
Some of the panelists have taken 
public and even political positions on issues they are advising the Board about. For example, a lead reviewer of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.010 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1679 March 17, 2015 
the EPA’s hydraulic fracturing study 
published an antifracking article enti-tled: ‘‘Regulate, Baby, Regulate.’’ Now, clearly, this is not an objective point of view and should be publicly disclosed. 
Public participation is limited during 
most Board meetings; interested par-ties have almost no ability to comment on the scope of the work, and meeting records are often incomplete and hard to obtain. 
The EPA routinely excludes State, 
local, and tribal experts while stacking the review panels with individuals who will give the EPA the answer it wants. 
This bill is both proscience and pro- 
sound science. This bill is founded upon recommendations for reform outlined in the National Academy of Sciences and the EPA’s Peer Review Handbook. This bill ensures that the Board is bal-anced, transparent, and independent, all of which will help prevent the SAB from being manipulated by any group. 
H.R. 1029 liberates the Board from 
EPA—some would say tyranny, but I would prefer to think it empowers the Board to listen to outside expertise. This viewpoint is consistent with the basic ideals of our democracy. 
Subject areas such as risk and haz-
ardous assessments often involve the examination and evaluation of some of the most complicated scientific and technical information. These assess-ments are precisely where the Board’s expertise is most needed. The decision to review remains in the hands of the Board, and the EPA must respect the independence of the Board’s oppor-tunity to review. 
Perhaps, most importantly, this bill 
seeks to increase public participation that benefits all stakeholders. Cur-rently, valuable opportunities for di-verse perspectives are limited. The Federal Government does not have a monopoly on the truth. 
The public has important expertise 
that we can’t afford to ignore in a de-mocracy. State, local, tribal, and pri-vate sectors have a long history of qualified scientific experts. Their con-tributions should be taken seriously. 
Unfortunately, the history of the 
SAB shows that private sector rep-resentation is often lacking or non-existent; instead, the EPA picks the Board—ignoring the knowledge, exper-tise, and contributions of these ex-perts. 
This bill ensures that qualified ex-
perts are not excluded simply due to their affiliation. This will add value and credibility to future Board reviews. 
Mr. P
ETERSON and I recognize the im-
portant role that science should play in our policy debates and provides safe-guards to give the public confidence in science. It restores the independent Science Advisory Board as a defender of scientific integrity and will help re-store credibility and trust in a Federal agency that has lost much of it. 
Disagreements on scientific conclu-
sions shouldn’t occur on the House floor, and this legislation will help en-sure that the best experts are free to undertake an open review of the EPA’s 
regulatory science. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 1029, the 
EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act. 
I want to start by thanking my col-
leagues, Mr. L
UCAS and Chairman 
SMITH, for their intention to improve 
the EPA’s Science Advisory Board, and I especially want to thank Chairman S
MITH for working with me on other 
legislation that passed the Science Committee and the House on a bipar-tisan basis. 
Members and staff on both sides of 
the aisle worked tirelessly last week and, in fact, since the last Congress to-ward a bipartisan bill about the Science Advisory Board that accommo-dated much, if not all, of the funda-mental principles shared by both Democrats and Republicans. 
Unfortunately, we were not able to 
reach agreement on some very critical provisions by this date. Accordingly, I will be urging my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill before us today. 
This bill has not changed meaning-
fully since we considered it last year, and I stand here today with the same concerns I raised last Congress. My col-leagues who support H.R. 1029 may de-scribe this bill as an attempt to strengthen public participation in EPA’s scientific review process, im-prove the process for selecting expert advisers, expand transparency require-ments, and limit nonscientific policy advice within the EPA’s Science Advi-sory Board. 
All of these are good government 
principles that I agree with, and if this bill or the bill we considered last year achieved these goals, I would be here ready to support it, but H.R. 1029 would not achieve these good government goals. 
Instead of improving the Science Ad-
visory Board structure or operation, the bill will limit the quality of sci-entific advice the EPA receives and allow seemingly endless delays in EPA’s regulatory process. 
H.R. 1029 would make it easier for in-
dustry representatives to serve on the Board, even if they have a financial conflict of interest. To be clear, I am not opposed to industry experts par-ticipating on the Science Advisory Board or in the peer review process at the EPA. Their insight into processes and industry conduct can provide valu-able guidance to an advisory body. 
That being said, Congress should not 
be endorsing legislation that under-mines longstanding ethics require-ments and practices with the end re-sult being an overrepresentation of in-dustry voices on EPA’s Science Advi-sory Board, and this is likely to be the result of the adoption of this bill. b1415 
This bill conflates bias with financial 
conflicts of interest, and it assumes that a simple disclosure will prevent a material interest in an outcome from coloring the judgment and actions of a Board member. Congress should not be supporting legislation that undermines longstanding ethics requirements and practices that have worked well to en-sure fairness and the balance of views on all Federal advisory committees. 
Another troubling element of H.R. 
1029 is that it would significantly delay the work of the Science Advisory Board. The Board should absolutely seek public comment on the science it is reviewing, and, if necessary, it should extend the duration of the pub-lic comment period to ensure that in-terested parties have ample oppor-tunity to submit their views. With this, we agree. 
However, H.R. 1029 takes this process 
to the extreme by creating unnecessary burdens, including a loophole that could keep the Board from ending the public comment period and that could require that the Board provide written responses to a significant number of comments it receives. H.R. 1029 dis-torts the important public participa-tion process to create what amounts to an endless appeals process that will provide those who disagree with the EPA an effective tool to halt, derail, or slow the Agency’s rulemaking. 
Mr. Chairman, I include for the 
R
ECORD several letters from organiza-
tions that have similar concerns with H.R. 1029, including the Union of Con-cerned Scientists, the Environmental Defense Fund, the National Center for Health Research, the Center for Med-ical Consumers, the National Physi-cians Alliance, and others. 
MARCH 16, 2015. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We are writing to 
express our opposition to H.R. 1030, the Se-cret Science Reform Act of 2015, and H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2015. Our organizations are dedi-cated to saving lives and improving public health. 
Science is the bedrock of sound regulatory 
decision making. The best science under-scores everything our organizations do to improve health. We strongly believe in a transparent and open regulatory process. A vital element of research is patient confiden-tiality. Physicians and researchers have earned the trust of their patients by stead-fastly maintaining patient confidentiality. Patient confidentiality is a clear legal and ethical obligation. 
The Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 will 
compel the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to either ignore the best science by prohibiting the agency from considering peer-reviewed research that is based on con-fidential patient information or force EPA to publicly release confidential patient infor-mation, which would violate federal law. This is an untenable outcome that would completely undermine the ability of the EPA to perform its responsibilities under the Clean Air Act and myriad other federal laws. The legislation will not improve EPA’s ac-tions; rather, it will stifle public health pro-tections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.026 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1680 March 17, 2015 
The kind of information disclosure envi-
sioned in this legislation exceeds that re-quired by peer-reviewed journals. We believe much of the intent of this legislation is al-ready achieved through the current peer-re-view process required by all academic jour-nals. The vast majority of peer-reviewed journals require manuscript authors to reg-ister any trial using human subjects with 
clinicaltrials.gov. This public registry col-lects key information on the study popu-lation, research goals and methods that allow outside reviewers and scientists to ei-ther challenge or attempt to reproduce study results. Additionally, the peer-review process and publication of results invites the broader scientific community to debate study find-ings. Trial registry and manuscript publica-tions are only part of the process by which scientific endeavors operate in a transparent environment. 
Private organizations, public charities, re-
search universities, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Department of Veterans Affairs, corporations and many other entities conduct medical research. Many of these organizations compile large longitudinal data sets that track patients over a period of time. These data serve as the basis of many studies that permit epi-demiologists to track disease and risk factor information for large patient populations. 
The published peer-reviewed information 
from such data often inform regulatory deci-sion making at the EPA and other federal agencies as well as future research. Not only do these data inform regulatory action, they help inform efforts to educate the public about the magnitude of a disease, risk fac-tors and steps individuals can take to im-prove their health. In order for EPA to set the most appropriate standards, it must be informed by the best information. 
Understanding the impact of air pollution 
on human health and the magnitude of harm caused by pollution at specific levels helps the agency meet its obligations under the Clean Air Act. Absent these data, it is un-clear upon what basis the agency could make sound decisions. 
H.R. 1029, The EPA Science Advisory Board 
Reform Act of 2015 will also undermine the scientific basis for EPA policy, specifically by compromising the integrity of the panel that reviews that science. EPA’s Science Ad-visory Board (SAB) is composed of inde-pendent scientific and technical experts who are tasked with evaluating the science and providing advice that EPA uses to inform its decision making. The current law provides for balanced panels and experts with diverse backgrounds. 
This legislation would impose a hiring 
quota on the SAB that would require ten per-cent of members to be selected for qualifica-tions other than their scientific expertise. This bill will compromise not only the sci-entific integrity of the SAB, but also its independence, as the quota would open the door for representatives of the regulated in-dustries to serve on the board. 
Further, the bill will also, in some cases, 
prohibit SAB members from participating when their own research is involved—even indirectly. This requirement could block participation of the ‘‘best and the brightest’’ researchers in a particular field at the very time their expertise is needed to accurately inform the regulatory process. 
Finally, the SAB is currently governed by 
the Federal Advisory Committee Act and al-ready has a public comment system in place. H.R. 1029 would add on the burdensome re-quirement that the SAB respond to indi-vidual comments in writing, a requirement that could be so time-consuming as to render the board unable to carry out its function. 
We urge the U.S. House of Representatives 
to stand up for sound science and public health protections, and vote NO on both H.R. 
1030 and H.R. 1029. 
Sincerely, 
H
AROLD WIMMER , 
National President & 
CEO, American Lung Association, 
G
EORGES C. B ENJAMIN , MD, 
Executive Director, 
American Public Health Association, 
J
EFFREY LEVI, PHD, 
Executive Director, 
Trust for America’s Health, 
S
TEPHEN C. C RANE , PHD, 
MPH, Executive Director, 
American Thoracic Society, 
T
ONYA WINDERS , 
President & CEO, Al-
lergy & Asthma Net-work. 
MARCH 16, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , On behalf of our 
millions of members and supporters we strongly urge you to oppose the ‘‘Secret 
Science Reform Act of 2015’’ (HR), the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’. Collectively, these misleadingly named bills would radically diminish EPA’s ability to protect public health. Under these bills, EPA would be required to ignore significant science; the Scientific Advisory Board would be required to ignore conflicts of interest; and enforcement officials would be required to ignore pollution emitted in violation of the law. These bills are broadly written and would have damaging impacts far in excess of what their sponsors will admit. 
The ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act is based 
on a faulty premise. Its notion of ‘‘secret science,’’ based on claims about studies of fine soot pollution conducted almost two decades ago, is unfounded despite lengthy congressional inquiries. The bill would deny EPA the ability to rely upon peer-reviewed medical studies that involve commitments to patient confidentiality, when the agency carries out its statutory responsibilities to safeguard public health and the environment Further, this bill would effectively amend numerous environmental statutes by forbid-ding EPA to use certain kinds of studies in setting health standards. It would also make it impossible for EPA to use many kinds of economic models it routinely relies on be-cause those models are proprietary. This marks a radical departure from longstanding practices. Its end result would be to make it much more difficult to protect the public by forcing EPA to ignore key scientific studies. 
Science Advisory Board bill would attack 
EPA’s scientific process in a different way. The worst provision would mandate allowing the participation of scientists with financial conflicts of interest, as long as those con-flicts are disclosed. This is inconsistent with a set of nearly universally accepted sci-entific principles to eliminate or limit finan-cial conflicts This bill would significantly weaken the content and credibility of the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) reviews—a textbook example of making a government program function poorly to the benefit of polluting industries and at the expense of public health and independent science. The bill will add unnecessary new burdens on the SAB, distorting its mission and altering its process with no benefit to EPA or the public. The bill also significantly broadens the scope of the SAB and creates a comment process that will add needless delay to the Board’s work. The result would be further stalling and undermining of important public health, safety, and environmental protections. 
This legislation will obstruct the imple-
mentation and enforcement of critical envi-ronmental statutes, undermine the EPA’s 
ability to consider and use science, and jeop-ardize public health. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose these bills. 
Sincerely, 
BlueGreen Alliance; Center for Effective 
Government; Clean Water Action; De-fenders of Wildlife; Earthjustice; Envi-ronmental Defense Fund; Friends of the Earth; Greenpeace; League of Con-servation Voters; Natural Resources Defense Council; Physicians for Social Responsibility; Sierra Club; Union of Concerned Scientists. 
MARCH 2, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned 
individuals and organizations working on public health and science-informed regula-tion strongly oppose the H.R. 1029 the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 and H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, to be considered by the House of Rep-resentatives this week. 
Both bills would severely undermine the 
ability of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to use the best available sci-entific evidence when making decisions re-garding the protection of public health and safety and the environment. 
When very similar bills were up for a vote 
in the House last November, the Administra-tion issued veto threats for both bills. The Administration stated that the Secret Science Reform Act would ‘‘greatly impede the EPA’s ability to use science to protect public health and the environment,’’ and warned that the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would ‘‘weaken the sci-entific independence and integrity of the SAB.’’ 
The erroneously named Secret Science Re-
form Act would tie the EPA’s hands by re-stricting the information it can use to de-velop protective regulations. The EPA could only regulate based on publicly available sci-entific data. This restriction would block the agency’s use of many different types of pub-lic health data, such as those for which pub-lic release would violate privacy protections, or data from corporations that are des-ignated as confidential business information. It also would restrict the use of scientific data that is not ‘‘reproducible.’’ This provi-sion seems to adopt a very narrow view of scientific information solely based on lab-oratory experiments. As major scientific so-cieties including the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) have noted, such a restriction would eliminate the use of most epidemiological and public health data, such as those regarding the pub-lic health impacts of air pollution, because these data are collected in long-term studies following individuals longitudinally. 
Not only do privacy concerns arise, but 
such studies are not inherently reproduced in the way a laboratory experiment or a clin-ical trial may be. It would be unethical to deliberately expose adults or children to air pollution merely to determine whether the increased rates of asthma and heart attacks caused by such exposures can be duplicated, or to encourage teenagers to smoke to re-as-sess the toxic effects of tobacco. 
The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform 
Act would greatly weaken the EPA’s advi-sory process, making it far more likely that recommendations from its independent Science Advisory Board (SAB) will be domi-nated by corporate special interests. This bill opens the door to increased corporate in-fluence on the Board, by encouraging the EPA to accept more SAB panelists with cor-porate ties. 
The bill’s overly broad restriction on SAB 
members with subject-matter expertise is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.012 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1681 March 17, 2015 
equally counterproductive, and goes far be-
yond the common-sense limits imposed by the National Academies. Unlike the 2014 bill, the 2015 bill does appear to permit SAB ex-perts with published, peer-reviewed research, to address those topics on which they have credentials, provided that their expertise is publicly disclosed. But the language in the bill is so vague that it raises many ques-
tions. Generally, experts have developed their knowledge base over time, and not purely through peer-reviewed publications. How is an expert supposed to make that dis-tinction? What happens if a scientist relies on expertise that is not specifically per-mitted in the bill? Will there be legal rami-fications? Clearly, scientific experts will think twice before joining the SAB if it means they will have to consult their law-yers before they give advice. 
Even worse, the bill requires the SAB to 
remain in an endless loop soliciting public comment about the ‘‘state of the science’’ touching on every major advisory activity it undertakes and responding to nearly every comment before moving forward, without being limited by any time constraints. At best, the SAB will be reduced to busy work. At worst, the SAB’s assessments will address the concerns of corporations, not the desires of citizens for science-informed regulation that protects public health. 
These bills together will greatly impede 
the ability of EPA, and potentially other agencies, to utilize the best available science, independently reviewed, to inform regulations crucial to public health and the environment. 
We strongly urge you to vote No on The 
Secret Science Reform Act and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act. 
Sincerely, 
Center for Science and Democracy at the 
Union of Concerned Scientists; Annie Appleseed Project; Breast Cancer Ac-tion; Center for Medical Consumers; In-stitute for Ethics and Emerging Tech-nologies; Jacobs Institute of Women’s Health; National Center for Health Re-search; National Physicians Alliance; Our Bodies Ourselves; Public Citizen; Woodymatters; John H. Powers, MD, Associate Clinical Professor of Medi-cine; The George Washington Univer-sity School of Medicine; University of Maryland School of Medicine. 
UNION OF CONCERNED SCIENTISTS , 
March 2, 2015. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : The Union of Con-
cerned Scientists strongly opposes H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015, set to be voted on by the House of Representatives this week. This bill would greatly impede the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s ability to protect public health informed by the best available science. 
Last November, when a similar bill was up 
before the House, the Administration threat-ened a veto. The Administration noted that the 2014 bill ‘‘would negatively affect the ap-pointment of experts and would weaken the scientific independence and integrity of the SAB.’’ That observation continues to hold true for the 2015 version. 
This proposal would make it nearly impos-
sible for the Board to do the crucial inde-pendent evaluations of EPA scientific anal-yses that enable the agency to protect public health. This bill opens the door for more cor-porate influence on the Board, because the bill directly stipulates that experts with fi-nancial ties to corporations affected by SAB assessments are ‘‘not excluded.’’ This signal likely will increase the number of conflicted SAB panelists empowering companies to delay the SAB’s work for years, if not dec-ades. It strikes at the heart of the whole con-
cept of independent reviews, and at a time when the ability of corporations to influence policy is already high. 
At the same time this bill encourages cor-
porate experts to join the SAB, it creates roadblocks for academic experts to meaning-fully participate by banning experts’ partici-pation in ‘‘advisory activities that directly or indirectly involve review and evaluation of their own work.’’ This effectively turns the idea of conflict of interest on its head, with the bizarre presumption that corporate experts with direct financial interests are not conflicted while academics who work on these issues are. 
The notion that a member of the SAB can-
not fully participate in a discussion that cites the member’s own work is counter-productive and goes far beyond the common-sense limits imposed by the National Acad-emies. 
Unlike the 2014 bill, the 2015 bill does ap-
pear to permit SAB experts with published, peer-reviewed research, to address those top-ics on which they have credentials, provided that their expertise is publicly disclosed. But the language in the bill is so vague that it raises many questions. Generally, experts have developed their knowledge base over time, and not purely through peer-reviewed publications. How is an academic scientist supposed to make that distinction? What happens if a scientist relies on expertise that is not specifically permitted in the bill? Will there be legal ramifications? Clearly, sci-entific experts will think twice before join-ing the SAB if it means they will have to consult their lawyers before they give ad-vice. 
While hamstringing experts, the bill offers 
almost limitless opportunities for ‘‘public comment,’’ opportunities that only benefit moneyed special interests. For example, for each major advisory activity, the Board must convene a public information-gath-ering session ‘‘to discuss the state of the science’’ related to that activity. 
It is possible, under this requirement, that 
the Board may find itself repeatedly reexam-ining ‘‘the state of the science’’ on climate change or the harmful effects of certain tox-ins—each time it made an assessment that touched on either climate change impacts or reducing air pollution. 
In addition, both the EPA, before it asks 
for the Board’s advice, and the Board itself, would be required to ‘‘accept, consider, and address’’ public comments on the agency’s questions to the Board. As the SAB delib-erates, it must also encourage public com-ments ‘‘that shall not be limited by an insuf-ficient or arbitrary time restriction.’’ In ef-fect, these provisions turn a scientific eval-uation into a public hearing, even though EPA must already accept public input on all its regulations. 
The Board is required to respond in writing 
to each ‘‘significant’’ comment. In practice, it is difficult to see how the Board could im-pose any deadlines on accepting comment. Nor is it a reasonable expectation on the Board’s membership of pro bono experts. 
Last year, the nonpartisan Congressional 
Budget Office estimated that implementing the law’s mandates would cost the EPA about $2 million over a four-year period. 
These are funds that could be put to much better use by a cash-strapped agency. 
This bill would not improve the work of 
the Board, and would make it more difficult for the EPA to receive the independent science advice it needs to do its work. We strongly urge your opposition. 
Sincerely, 
A
NDREW A. R OSENBERG , PH.D., 
Director, Center for Science and 
Democracy, 
Union of Concerned Scientists. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, our 
government’s ability to protect public health is at stake when we consider legislation like the bill before us today. Unfortunately, we do not have to look far to see the impacts of these kinds of delay tactics. Articles pub-lished last year by the Center for Pub-lic Integrity chronicle efforts to slow down and to undermine the EPA’s ef-forts to keep arsenic out of drinking water and benzene out of American workplaces. When we prevent the EPA from taking timely action to protect the public from known poisons and cancer-causing agents, we are putting lives at risk. 
The EPA’s science is tied to its mis-
sion—to protect public health and the environment through rational regula-tion. Scientific research, knowledge, and technical expertise are funda-mental to the EPA’s mission and in-form its regulatory functions. The need for that expertise is why Congress cre-ated advisory bodies such as the Science Advisory Board in the first place—to provide independent advice 
on the science underpinning regula-tion, which, in turn, allows the EPA Administrator to make sound regu-latory decisions. Instead of under-mining the scientific advice the EPA receives, we should be giving the Agen-cy the tools it needs to strengthen and improve the regulatory process with sound science. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to join me, once again, in opposing this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I include 
for the R
ECORD letters from the Amer-
ican Farm Bureau, from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and from other entities that are in support of H.R. 1029. 
MARCH 2, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, CHAIRMAN , 
House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SMITH: On behalf of the 
American Farm Bureau Federation (AFBF), the nation’s largest general farm organiza-tion, I am writing in support of H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015. AFBF strongly supports this legislation and is committed to working with you in pressing for its swift consideration. 
The Science Advisory Board (SAB) is in-
tended to review the scientific basis for EPA regulatory decisions, but shortcomings have become clear including limited public par-ticipation, EPA interference with expert ad-vice, and potential conflicts of interest. 
H.R. 1029 reforms the SAB process by 
strengthening public participation, improv-ing the process of selecting expert advisors, reducing conflicts of interest and enhancing transparency. The legislation draws from EPA’s own Peer Review Handbook and rec-ommendations from the Bipartisan Policy Center to urge sensible reforms. H.R. 1029 would make the SAB a more robust tool that in the future would impact the development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.014 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1682 March 17, 2015 
of flawed EPA action such as the recent 
WOWS proposed rule. 
American Farm Bureau Federation sup-
ports H.R. 1029 because farmers and ranchers deserve good governance and regulations based on meaningful scientific review. 
This legislation deserves strong, bipartisan 
support. We applaud your leadership in this effort and will continue to work with you to ensure passage of H.R. 1029. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBSTALLMAN , 
President. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , 
Washington, DC, February 26, 2015. 
TO THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of 
Commerce, the world’s largest business fed-eration representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, supports H.R. 1029, the ‘‘EPA Science Advi-sory Board Reform Act of 2015,’’ and H.R. 1030, the ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act of 2015.’’ 
H.R. 1029 would help ensure that the 
Science Advisory Board (SAB), which di-rectly counsels the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency on scientific and technical issues, is unbiased and transparent in per-forming its duties. This bill would establish requirements that SAB members are quali-fied experts, that conflicts of interest and sources of bias are disclosed, that the views of members—including dissenting members— are available to the public, and that the pub-lic has the opportunity to participate in the advisory activities of the Board and view EPA’s responses. Because EPA relies on SAB reviews and studies to support new regula-tions, standards, guidance, assessments of risk, and other actions, the actions of the SAB must be transparent and accountable. This is a critical safeguard to assure the pub-lic that the data federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound and unbiased. 
H.R. 1030 would improve the transparency 
and reliability of scientific and technical in-
formation that federal agencies rely heavily upon by to support new regulatory actions. This bill is designed to ensure that the stud-ies and data federal agencies cite when they write new regulations, standards, guidance, assessments of risk—or take other regu-latory action—are clearly identified and made available for public review. Addition-ally, information must be sufficiently trans-parent to allow study findings to be repro-duced and validated. This is a critical safe-guard to assure the public that the data fed-eral agencies rely on is scientifically sound and unbiased. 
These bills would improve the trans-
parency and trustworthiness of scientific and technical information agencies rely on to justify regulatory actions that can signifi-cantly affect society. The American public must have confidence that the scientific and technical data driving regulatory action can be trusted. Accordingly, the Chamber sup-ports H.R. 1029 and H.R. 1030. 
Sincerely, 
R. B
RUCE JOSTEN , 
Executive Vice President Government Affairs. 
THECENTER FOR  
REGULATORY SOLUTIONS , 
Feb. 25, 2015. 
[Press Release] 
CRS W ELCOMES BIPARTISAN EFFORTS TO 
MAKEEPA S CIENCE MORETRANSPARENT  
WASHINGTON , DC.—Yesterday, Congres-
sional leaders from both parties announced bold steps to rein in the Environmental Pro-
tection Agency (EPA), which has been im-posing costs and red tape on American small businesses, all while refusing to disclose the science the agency uses to justify their man-dates. The Center for Regulatory Solutions (CRS) applauded two bills that were intro-duced on February 24, which specifically tar-get EPA’s long standing failure to be trans-parent regarding the science behind the agency’s ozone regulation. The House Science, Space and Technology Committee has scheduled votes on both bills for this afternoon. 
‘‘Today I applaud Republican and Demo-
cratic leaders in Congress for introducing legislation designed to ensure EPA is trans-parent with the American public when it comes to their justification for imposing costly regulations,’’ CRS President Karen Kerrigan stated. ‘‘The ozone rule could be EPA’s most expensive rule in history. Given the enormity of the costs and impact of this regulation, why shouldn’t the EPA be trans-parent with Congress and the American peo-ple about the science used to justify their de-cisions? Sadly, it appears that small busi-nesses and their workforce may be picking up the tab for the Obama EPA’s costly, se-cret, and political agenda.’’ 
BACKGROUND  
The timing of these bills could not be bet-
ter as EPA is hard at work crafting the most expensive regulation ever promulgated by the agency, the National Ambient Air Qual-ity Standards (NAAQS) for Ozone, to be issued in late 2015. EPA itself estimated Ozone NAAQS would cost the economy as much as $90 billion annually, but other esti-mates put the price tag closer to $270 billion annually and as much as $3.4 trillion from 2017 to 2040. The proposed regulation is so far-reaching in its impact that President Obama put the rule on hold in 2011 out of fear it would hurt his reelection chances and the economy. 
The Administration contends the health 
benefits would far outweigh the costs—but here’s the catch—EPA calculates the bene-fits based on hidden science. If enacted, the legislation would stop EPA from relying on secret science to justify new job killing regu-lations and would allow independent sci-entists the opportunity to examine EPA’s claims. 
The first bill, the ‘‘Secret Science Reform 
Act’’ was introduced by Senator John Bar-rasso (R–Wyo.) and House Science, Space, and Technology Committee Chairman Lamar Smith (R–Texas). The bill is necessary be-cause EPA has repeatedly refused to comply with Congressional requests to publicly dis-close the data from two important health studies.These aren’t just any studies. They are the taxpayer-funded ‘‘Havard Six Cities Study’’ and the ‘‘Cancer Prevention Study’’ (including recent updates), which relied on data that remains inaccessible to the public. This means other scientists, independent from the EPA, are unable to verify the stud-ies’ conclusions. Accordingly—we are left to simply trust EPA that its benefits claims are based on reality. 
In addition, Senator John Boozman (R– 
Ark.) and Joe Manchin (D–W.V.) introduced bipartisan legislation called the ‘‘Science Advisory Board Reform Act’’ to promote fairness, transparency, and independence within EPA’s science advisory boards so that EPA relies only on unbiased scientific ad-vice. This is important because as CRS pre-viously pointed out the Clean Air Science Advisory Committee (CASAC) recommended EPA set more burdensome standards for ozone, while ignoring the legal requirement to report on the costs of implementing stricter standards. Ignoring a $90 billion an-nual price tag is no mere oversight. Rather 
it clearly demonstrates CASAC’s pro regu-latory bias. 
CRS strongly supports both legislative ef-
forts, which would allow needed insight into the science behind costly regulations that have a real impact on the daily lives of Americans across the country, and the sur-vivability and competitiveness of small busi-nesses. As a survey conducted by CRS found last year, 72 percent of Americans believe that regulations are created ‘‘in a closed, se-cretive process.’’ Moving forward with this important legislation would be a significant step toward addressing that disconnect and promoting transparency. 
AMERICAN COMPOSITES MANUFAC -
TURERS ASSOCIATION , 
Arlington, VA, February 27, 2015. 
Re Please support H.R. 1029, The EPA 
Science Advisory Board Reform Act. 
DEARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : On behalf of 
the approximately 3,000 small and medium- sized U.S. companies that manufacture com-posite products such as wind turbine blades, pollution control equipment, auto and truck components, rebar for highway bridges, and recreational boats, I write in support of H.R. 1029, The EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2015. 
EPA’s reviews of the environmental and 
health effects possibly associated with expo-sure to industrial chemicals, including the substances used by composites manufactur-ers, can help manufacturers protect the health of employees and plant communities. But if EPA’s chemical health risk assess-ments are not based on careful and thorough reviews of quality scientific data, the viabil-ity of manufacturers can be compromised without providing any public health benefit. 
H.R. 1029 will make several changes to im-
prove the effectiveness of the Science Advi-sory Board (SAB) as it assesses and provides feedback to EPA on the quality of its chem-ical health reviews. The legislation will in-crease the ability of informed stakeholders to provide information to the SAB, and allow what may be the minority views of indi-vidual SAB members to be considered by EPA as it revises draft chemical assess-ments. 
These and the other reforms required 
under H.R. 1029 will improve both the sci-entific quality of EPA reviews and the public’s confidence in EPA’s chemical assess-ment process. These improvements will in turn improve the ability of our industry’s small business owners and plant managers to rely on EPA assessments to guide the adop-tion of health-protective measures for work-ers and plant neighbors. 
Thank you for your support of good science 
and the composites industry. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMDOBBINS , 
President, 
AMERICAN FUEL& PETROCHEMICAL  
MANUFACTURERS , 
Washington, DC, March 16, 2015. 
Re Letter in Support of H.R. 1029, the EPA 
Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 and H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Re-form Act of 2015. 
Hon. J
OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Wash-
ington, DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND MINORITY  
LEADER PELOSI : The American Fuel & Petro-
chemical Manufacturers (AFPM), a national trade association representing more than 400 companies, including a majority of all U.S. refiners and petrochemical manufacturers, 
would like to express its support for the pas-sage of H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.021 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1683 March 17, 2015 
Board Reform Act of 2015 and H.R. 1030, the 
Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. These two measures would provide more clarity on how decisions are reached by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and bring more transparency to the science that supports EPA regulations. 
The United States is on the verge of a 
manufacturing renaissance due to a surge in oil and natural gas production that will 
strengthen U.S. energy security, create jobs and grow the economy. However, the manu-facturing renaissance is being threatened by overly burdensome regulations from the EPA. While AFPM supports commonsense regulations, there is a severe lack of trans-parency in EPA’s science and advisory pan-els, which serve as the basis for new regula-tions. This lack of transparency is making it more difficult for manufacturers to cap-italize on America’s abundance of economi-cal and reliable energy. 
EPA’s Science Advisory Board (SAB) is 
charged with reviewing the scientific founda-tion of EPA regulatory decisions and advis-ing EPA on science and technology related matters. Currently, SAB’s practice of deter-mining panels is conducted behind closed doors by EPA SAB staff. This practice has created a conflict of interest, which has re-sulted in the panel embedding their own pol-icy views in their science recommendations, as well as peer reviewing their own work. The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act brings much needed reform to the SAB by strengthening public participation and public comment opportunities, improving the make-up of the SAB, requiring opportu-nities for dissenting panelists to express their opinions, and limiting non-scientific policy advice and recommendations. 
Moreover, the research and data used by 
EPA to support new regulations is currently not available to the public. Congress and outside groups should be able to review health benefit claims by the EPA for new Clean Air Act regulations in order to deter-mine if the science supports the high cost of many of these new regulations. The Secret Science Reform Act looks to bring greater transparency to EPA’s research and data. EPA would be prohibited from issuing regu-lations unless all scientific and technical in-formation relied upon is specifically identi-fied, and would be required to make informa-tion publicly available for independent anal-ysis. 
We believe it is imperative that EPA use 
high quality science and provide more clar-ity and transparency on how decisions are made. This will only strengthen EPA’s value and utility for ensuring public safety, and credibility among manufacturers. Improving the scientific quality and sharing of informa-tion, as well as the composition of the SAB is critical to fostering a regulatory environ-ment that will allow manufacturers to de-velop safe and cost-effective products on which Americans depend for everyday life. 
Therefore, AFPM supports and urges im-
mediate passage of H.R. 1029 and H.R. 1030. It is critical that Congress pass legislation that brings more transparency to the science and advisory panels that supports EPA regula-tions. 
Sincerely, 
C
HARLES T. D REVNA , 
President. 
PORTLAND CEMENT ASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, March 2, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, Chairman, 
Committee on Science, Space and Technology, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SMITH: The Portland Ce-
ment Association (PCA) appreciates your leadership in promoting public policies that encourage transparency and the use of sound science in the federal regulatory process. 
PCA represents 27 U.S. cement companies operating 82 manufacturing plants in 35 states. Collectively, these companies ac-count for approximately 80% of domestic ce-ment-making capacity, with distribution centers in all 50 states. 
America’s cement manufacturers comply 
with a broad spectrum of federal and state environmental rules. Policies that promote an open, predictable and credible regulatory process help balance goals that we all share: a clean environment and a healthy economy. To that end, PCA supports the passage of H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, and H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advi-sory Board Reform Act of 2015. 
H.R. 1030 would ensure that EPA bases its 
rules on publicly available, verifiable infor-mation. H.R. 1029 would strengthen the transparency and public participation re-quirements for the scientific panels that re-view EPA’s regulatory science. These two bills provide a common sense framework for greater transparency, accountability and in-tegrity in the science that supports EPA’s rules. 
PCA looks forward to working with you 
and members of the Committee to move these important bills forward. If you have questions or need more information, please feel free to contact me. 
Sincerely yours, 
J
AMES G. T OSCAS , 
President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ), the ranking 
member of the House Agriculture Com-mittee. 
Mr. PETERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to be an 
original cosponsor of H.R. 1029, the Science Advisory Board Reform Act, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill. 
The Science Advisory Board’s work is 
important in making sure that the EPA considers all scientific informa-tion when writing regulations that will impact American farmers, families, and small businesses. Unfortunately, concerns have been raised about the current review process. 
In listening to the debate, people 
need to understand that this is merely an advisory board, that these folks are not the ones who are making the deci-sions. I would argue that, if there is one thing that the EPA needs, it is sound advice, and they wouldn’t get themselves into all of this trouble that they continue to get themselves into over water in the U.S. and every other thing that you can name. We have got a business in my district that has com-plied with everything they have asked. It did a 90 percent reduction in emis-sions from its outside wood furnaces, and now the EPA has come with a reg-ulation that will put them out of busi-ness and cost 250 jobs in my district, and it is just on and on. 
I think that it would be good for the 
EPA to get advice from people whom, maybe, they aren’t listening to. Under the current process, it is just not work-ing. They are, I think, only hearing from one side of these arguments. I don’t know what people are afraid of, as you are going to have advice coming from people who actually know what is 
going on with some of these issues, and I think that is a good thing. 
This legislation addresses those con-
cerns, and it builds on the work that 
we did in the 2014 farm bill. I think this bill is necessary, as I said, to make sure that there is the right kind of input in the EPA. I don’t know if it is going to solve all of the problems, but it will help ensure a more balanced and independent Science Advisory Board, and it will help alleviate some of the unintended consequences that are sur-rounding current EPA regulations, so I encourage my colleagues’ support. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the ranking 
member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015, which is the same one we spoke against last year, because it benefits no one but the industry, and it harms public health. 
Last year, Dallas-Fort Worth re-
ceived an ‘‘F’’ for air quality from the American Lung Association. Now, more than ever, the American people need a strong EPA to protect their right to clean air and water, and the public supports that. This includes an effective Science Advisory Board, a group whose job it is to provide the EPA with independent scientific anal-ysis and advice. 
As written, H.R. 1029 ‘‘reforms’’ 
EPA’s Science Advisory Board for the worse. The hypothetical intent of this bill is to improve the balance of the members serving on the Board; but, in reality, the bill would make it easier for industry-affiliated representatives with a conflict of interest to serve on the Board. Experts with industry asso-ciations are far more likely to find that the science they are asked to re-view will have a financial impact on their employers. Academic scientists do not have such financial conflicts of interest with the Board’s advice or with the EPA’s actions. 
However, my Republican colleagues 
seem to have a fundamental distrust of scientists from our Nation’s univer-sities because H.R. 1029 puts in place a number of requirements that will like-ly dissuade academic scientists from serving on the Board. It is difficult to understand how anyone could object to the most knowledgeable academic sci-entists offering their advice and exper-tise to the EPA. Who would know bet-ter whether the EPA had mischaracterized the science on an issue than the people who are leaders in their respective fields? 
To be clear, I am not arguing that in-
dustry should not have representation on the EPA’s Science Advisory Board, as their insight is valuable also, but I do not support weakening conflict of interest practices so more industry representatives can serve on the Board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.023 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1684 March 17, 2015 
The bill also favors industry by tying 
the Board up with procedural burdens so unlimited that it is unlikely any Science Advisory Board panel could ever render an opinion in a useful pe-riod of time. I assume that that is real-ly the point of H.R. 1029. Endless delays leave plenty of time to manufacture doubt in the science and to delay the formulation of public health regula-tions by the EPA. Unfortunately, that also means that the health and safety of our families, friends, and constitu-ents will be needlessly put at risk. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 1029. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the 
Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I want to thank 
the gentleman from Oklahoma, the vice chairman of the Science Com-mittee, for yielding me time. 
Mr. Chairman, Americans expect the 
review of regulatory science to be bal-anced and transparent. H.R. 1029, the Science Advisory Board Reform Act, ensures scientists get the opportunity to provide unbiased, independent ad-vice to the Environmental Protection Agency and to Congress. 
I thank Congressman L
UCAS and the 
ranking member of the Agriculture Committee, C
OLLIN PETERSON , for their 
initiative on this issue. 
This bill strengthens the EPA 
Science Advisory Board’s independence so that the administration cannot ma-nipulate science to further its political agenda. 
Hardworking American families are 
hit hard by costly regulations, whether it is through lost jobs or higher elec-tric bills and gasoline prices, and the EPA has been known to twist science to justify its actions. Behind the scenes, however, there is a review proc-ess that was intended to provide a crit-ical check on the EPA’s conclusions. The EPA Science Advisory Board was created to provide a meaningful, bal-anced, and independent assessment of the science that supports the EPA’s regulations. Unfortunately, this goal is not being realized. 
The EPA frequently undermines the 
SAB’s independence and prevents it from being able to provide advice to Congress. As a result, the valuable ad-vice these experts can provide is wast-ed, and the truth is silenced. The public’s right to know must be pro-tected in a democracy. As the EPA now seeks to pursue the most aggressive regulatory agenda in its 44-year his-tory, it is critical that the SAB be able to give unbiased advice. The more reg-ulations the EPA creates, the more we need the involvement of an open and transparent Science Advisory Board. This bill simply gives independent ex-perts an opportunity to review the science and provide advice. 
We all know that the Federal Gov-
ernment doesn’t have a monopoly on the truth, so it is important to get the public’s take on regulations. The bill 
does not create an unlimited public comment period, but the public does have a right to know what the Federal Government is doing to them. H.R. 1029 expands transparency requirements, improves the process for selecting ex-pert advisers, and strengthens public participation requirements. 
This bipartisan legislation restores 
the independent Board as an important defender of scientific integrity. Its commonsense reforms will help make the EPA’s decisions more credible and more balanced. 
Again, I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) 
and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ) for their leadership on 
this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I mentioned the letters that were en-
tered into the R
ECORD . Frequently, 
here in Congress, we talk about govern-ment efficiency and getting things to work better, and I just want to read what the Center for Medical Consumers said about H.R. 1029: 
The bill requires the Science Advisory 
Board to remain in an endless loop of solic-iting public comment about the state of the science, touching on every major advisory activity it undertakes and responding to nearly every comment before moving for-ward, without being limited by any time constraints. 
Also, the National Physicians Alli-
ance noted: 
This bill’s overly broad restriction on 
Science Advisory Board members with sub-ject matter expertise is equally counter-productive and goes far beyond the common-sense limits imposed by the National Acad-emies, and the language in the bill is so vague that it raises many questions. 
Mr. Chairman, we can do better than 
this. We need to get back to the table and work together so that we have a bill that actually improves the Science Advisory Board. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 
minutes to another outstanding gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak 
in strong support of H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015. 
The Science Advisory Board was es-
tablished by Congress to review the science behind the EPA’s decisions and to advise Congress and the EPA on sci-entific and technical matters. Unfortu-nately, the SAB is no longer func-tioning as designed as it is without the impartiality and expertise needed to be an effective arbiter of the EPA’s use of science and its regulations. For exam-ple, the membership of the SAB has ex-cluded individuals from State or local governments. Yet these are the folks who are often the closest to the im-pacts that the regulations have on job creators across America. As the EPA continues its regulatory 
assault on America’s economy, it is critically important that Congress act to improve the quality of the EPA’s use of science in its decisions. This leg-islation will do just that. It will im-prove the quality of the SAB’s mem-bership, increase public participation in its scientific reviews, allow for dis-senting opinions among members, and it requires that the SAB communicate uncertainties in its findings and con-clusions. 
b1430 
Mr. Chair, I am an air-conditioning 
contractor. As such, we are licensed by the TDLR in Texas. Mr. Chair, I want someone on that board that under-stands the air-conditioning business, that has business background. 
It is sad, Mr. Chair, we are supposed 
to be a country that has a government, not a government that has a country. Opponents of this bill act like business people cannot be trusted to help their own government. They say they have a conflict of interest. That just gets all over me. 
Business folks, whom I call the salt 
of the earth, they invest money in businesses; they create jobs; they take risks; they build families and commu-nities—and they can’t be trusted? They can use their expertise to serve our community and our country. I would even offer that they are a form of a re-newable resource. 
Mr. Chair, it is high time for this bill 
to pass and put some common sense and transparency in the process. 
I thank Congressman L
UCAS and 
Chairman S MITH for bringing this im-
portant legislation to the floor today. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I also 
want to point out that the National Center for Health Research is con-cerned. They ask: What happens if a scientist relies on expertise that is not 
specifically permitted in the bill? Will there be legal ramifications? Clearly, scientific experts will think twice be-fore joining the Science Advisory Board if it means they will have to consult their lawyers before they give advice. 
Mr. Chairman, there is some ambig-
uous language in this. We can do a bet-ter job making sure that the Science Advisory Board functions in an effi-cient way that actually helps inform their decisions. I suggest that we get back to the table, rather than pass this bill today, and find strong legislation that improves the Science Advisory Board. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, might I 
inquire about the time remaining be-tween the two sides? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Oklahoma has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining, 
and the gentlewoman from Oregon has 19
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. LUCAS. I would note to the gen-
tlelady, at the present time I do not have any additional speakers, so when-ever you are prepared to close, I be-lieve I have the right to close ulti-mately. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.030 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1685 March 17, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman and colleagues, the bill 
before us today does undertake the laudable goal of improving trans-parency at the Environmental Protec-tion Agency; however, as I stated pre-viously, the bill, as written, does not accomplish this goal. I worked on this bill in the last Congress; and there were a lot of recommendations that were made, when we had hearings on this bill in the last Congress, where we could all agree—recommendations that the industry supports, that academia supports, and that scientists support. We should be taking those rec-ommendations and adding them to this bill, working together to find a bill that will improve the Science Advisory Board. 
I want to clarify to my colleagues, 
we have no objection with industry representation on the Science Advisory Board. That is not the point. What hap-pens under this bill, however, is that fi-nancial conflict of interest is conflated with bias, and we could have industry representation with a significant finan-cial interest. That is not the direction we should be going in. Of course, indus-try people have expertise, as do sci-entists who work in academia. 
Again, we can and should work to-
gether to improve the EPA’s approach to reviewing the science underpinning regulations, but this legislation is not the answer. This bill will only damage and delay the process, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I would 
apologize to the gentlelady. I was just informed that the majority floor leader would like to speak for 1 minute. 
I yield as much time as he may con-
sume to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority floor 
leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and for his work. 
Mr. Chair, there is a wise saying that 
one of the best assets of a good leader is a good adviser. Nobody can know ev-erything, and advisers step in to give opinions and provide different perspec-tives for those who have to make deci-sions. 
History is filled with people or 
groups that failed because they never had their assumptions challenged. Un-fortunately, the same failure can be seen in our own government. 
Back in 1978, Congress created the 
EPA Science Advisory Board to provide independent scientific advice to the ad-ministration. Sadly, the independence has been compromised. Over the years, the Science Advisory Board has si-lenced voices of dissent, limited public participation in its decisions, and has shown potential conflict of interest. In fact, over half of the Board members have taken grant money from the EPA, the very Agency they are supposed to provide impartial analysis to. This isn’t chump change. 
Since 2000, Board members have re-
ceived roughly $140 million in taxpayer money from the EPA grants according 
to the Congressional Research Service, and the research they are reviewing is often directly related to the money they received. This isn’t transparent; this isn’t accountable, and this isn’t right. 
Today we will consider a bill to set 
things right. We aren’t telling the Science Advisory Board what to say; we aren’t telling the EPA what to do, but we are demanding that the Board be transparent and independent, as it was originally intended. 
True science demands clarity and im-
partiality. The Science Advisory Board lacks both, and that needs to change. 
I thank the gentleman for his work, 
bringing transparency, accountability, and efficiency back to the Science Ad-visory Board. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume to close. 
Mr. Chairman, we have listened to 
several points of view on different per-spectives today. I think the majority floor leader and the chairman of the committee and a number of my col-leagues did an outstanding job of ex-plaining why this bill is necessary, why it is appropriate. 
I will acknowledge to my colleague 
from Oregon that this is a work in progress, that clearly there are still things that need to be examined, ad-dressed, looked at, and perfected over the course of the legislative session be-fore, ultimately, this is signed into law. 
But the underlying principles, an en-
tity like the Environmental Protection Agency, which has such tremendous in-fluence and control over our everyday lives—whether you are a farmer, ranch-er, business person, just a citizen, such tremendous control through their au-thority and their rulemaking process over our lives—it is important, and it is the very reason that Congress estab-lished the Scientific Advisory Board in 1978, it is important to have a knowl-edgeable group look over their shoulder to verify their facts, to understand the process they are going through in order that, ultimately, that rulemaking process is something that is based on sound science and is something that is 
appropriate. 
Now, in the bill we simply say that, 
in effect, anyone with knowledge and expertise should be able to participate. We ask for full disclosure. If you have an economic interest, whether it is doing scientific research or in any re-lated business, fully disclose your background. That presently is not going on. So that is an improvement. That is an enhancement. 
We explicitly ask that public input 
be allowed, that it be encouraged. There is nothing wrong with that. There are a lot of really bright people around this country who have great un-derstanding of the issues that affect their day-to-day lives and should be able to share that. 
Can the Board stop the Environ-
mental Protection Agency from doing something? It is an advisory board. 
Their power is not in being able to stop an action of the EPA, but their power is making them justify the action that they are proposing to take, to justify the science that leads to that action. There is nothing wrong with that. There is absolutely nothing wrong with that. 
I suppose the bottom line is this: We 
live in an extremely cynical time. Sur-prisingly, there is distrust even of the United States Congress and all Federal institutions, I am afraid. This bill is an effort to take a step in the direction of restoring that faith and confidence. Call it enhanced transparency if you want; call it openness if you want; call it just making sure we all know where the money is going and where the money is coming from. Whatever you want to call it, this is a bill that tries to move us in the direction of not only better regulations when we must have regulations, but better science to jus-tify those regulations and the con-fidence of all of our fellow citizens. 
I simply ask, Mr. Chairman, when 
the opportunity avails—I know we will have several good amendments to dis-cuss shortly—that my colleagues sup-port H.R. 1029, and we move this proc-ess forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–10. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1029 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘EPA Science 
Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ADVICE .—Section 8(a) of the 
Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 4365(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘inde-pendently’’ after ‘‘Advisory Board which shall’’. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—Section 8(b) of the Environ-
mental Research, Development, and Demonstra-tion Authorization Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 4365(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) The Board shall be composed of at 
least nine members, one of whom shall be des-ignated Chairman, and shall meet at such times and places as may be designated by the Chair-man. 
‘‘(2) Each member of the Board shall be quali-
fied by education, training, and experience to evaluate scientific and technical information on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.032 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1686 March 17, 2015 
matters referred to the Board under this section. 
The Administrator shall ensure that— 
‘‘(A) the scientific and technical points of 
view represented on and the functions to be per-formed by the Board are fairly balanced among the members of the Board; 
‘‘(B) at least ten percent of the membership of 
the Board are from State, local, or tribal govern-ments; 
‘‘(C) persons with substantial and relevant ex-
pertise are not excluded from the Board due to affiliation with or representation of entities that may have a potential interest in the Board’s ad-visory activities, so long as that interest is fully disclosed to the Administrator and the public and appointment to the Board complies with section 208 of title 18, United States Code; 
‘‘(D) in the case of a Board advisory activity 
on a particular matter involving a specific party, no Board member having an interest in the specific party shall participate in that activ-ity; 
‘‘(E) Board members may not participate in 
advisory activities that directly or indirectly in-volve review or evaluation of their own work, unless fully disclosed to the public and the work has been externally peer-reviewed; 
‘‘(F) Board members shall be designated as 
special Government employees; and 
‘‘(G) no registered lobbyist is appointed to the 
Board. 
‘‘(3) The Administrator shall— 
‘‘(A) solicit public nominations for the Board 
by publishing a notification in the Federal Reg-ister; 
‘‘(B) solicit nominations from relevant Federal 
agencies, including the Departments of Agri-culture, Defense, Energy, the Interior, and Health and Human Services; 
‘‘(C) make public the list of nominees, includ-
ing the identity of the entities that nominated each, and shall accept public comment on the nominees; 
‘‘(D) require that, upon their provisional nom-
ination, nominees shall file a written report dis-closing financial relationships and interests, in-cluding Environmental Protection Agency grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other financial assistance, that are relevant to the Board’s advisory activities for the three- year period prior to the date of their nomina-tion, and relevant professional activities and public statements for the five-year period prior to the date of their nomination; and 
‘‘(E) make such reports public, with the excep-
tion of specific dollar amounts, for each member of the Board upon such member’s selection. 
‘‘(4) Disclosure of relevant professional activi-
ties under paragraph (3)(D) shall include all representational work, expert testimony, and contract work as well as identifying the party for which the work was done. 
‘‘(5) Except when specifically prohibited by 
law, the Agency shall make all conflict of inter-est waivers granted to members of the Board, member committees, or investigative panels pub-licly available. 
‘‘(6) Any recusal agreement made by a member 
of the Board, a member committee, or an inves-tigative panel, or any recusal known to the Agency that occurs during the course of a meet-ing or other work of the Board, member com-mittee, or investigative panel shall promptly be made public by the Administrator. 
‘‘(7) The terms of the members of the Board 
shall be three years and shall be staggered so that the terms of no more than one-third of the total membership of the Board shall expire with-in a single fiscal year. No member shall serve more than two terms over a ten-year period.’’. 
(c) R
ECORD .—Section 8(c) of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 4365(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard as-
sessment,’’ after ‘‘at the time any proposed’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘formal’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard as-
sessment,’’ after ‘‘to the Board such proposed’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard as-
sessment,’’ after ‘‘the scientific and technical basis of the proposed’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The 
Board’s advice and comments, including dis-senting views of Board members, and the re-sponse of the Administrator shall be included in the record with respect to any proposed risk or hazard assessment, criteria document, standard, limitation, or regulation and published in the Federal Register.’’. 
(d) M
EMBER COMMITTEES AND INVESTIGATIVE  
PANELS .—Section 8(e)(1)(A) of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 4365(e)(1)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘These member commit-tees and investigative panels— 
‘‘(i) shall be constituted and operate in ac-
cordance with the provisions set forth in para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b), in sub-section (h), and in subsection (i); 
‘‘(ii) do not have authority to make decisions 
on behalf of the Board; and 
‘‘(iii) may not report directly to the Environ-
mental Protection Agency.’’. 
(e) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Section 8 of such 
Act (42 U.S.C. 4365) is amended by amending subsection (h) to read as follows: 
‘‘(h)(1) To facilitate public participation in 
the advisory activities of the Board, the Admin-istrator and the Board shall make public all re-ports and relevant scientific information and shall provide materials to the public at the same time as received by members of the Board. 
‘‘(2) Prior to conducting major advisory ac-
tivities, the Board shall hold a public informa-tion-gathering session to discuss the state of the science related to the advisory activity. 
‘‘(3) Prior to convening a member committee or 
investigative panel under subsection (e) or re-questing scientific advice from the Board, the Administrator shall accept, consider, and ad-dress public comments on questions to be asked of the Board. The Board, member committees, and investigative panels shall accept, consider, and address public comments on such questions and shall not accept a question that unduly narrows the scope of an advisory activity. 
‘‘(4) The Administrator and the Board shall 
encourage public comments, including oral com-ments and discussion during the proceedings, that shall not be limited by an insufficient or arbitrary time restriction. Public comments shall be provided to the Board when received. The Board’s reports shall include written responses to significant comments offered by members of the public to the Board. 
‘‘(5) Following Board meetings, the public 
shall be given 15 calendar days to provide addi-tional comments for consideration by the Board.’’. 
(f) O
PERATIONS .—Section 8 of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 4365) is further amended by amending subsection (i) to read as follows: 
‘‘(i)(1) In carrying out its advisory activities, 
the Board shall strive to avoid making policy determinations or recommendations, and, in the event the Board feels compelled to offer policy advice, shall explicitly distinguish between sci-entific determinations and policy advice. 
‘‘(2) The Board shall clearly communicate un-
certainties associated with the scientific advice provided to the Administrator or Congress. 
‘‘(3) The Board shall ensure that advice and 
comments reflect the views of the members and shall encourage dissenting members to make their views known to the public, the Adminis-trator, and Congress. 
‘‘(4) The Board shall conduct periodic reviews 
to ensure that its advisory activities are address-ing the most important scientific issues affecting the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(5) The Board shall be fully and timely re-
sponsive to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 3. RELATION TO THE FEDERAL ADVISORY 
COMMITTEE ACT. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made 
by this Act shall be construed as supplanting the requirements of the Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 4. RELATION TO THE ETHICS IN GOVERN-
MENT ACT OF 1978. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made 
by this Act shall be construed as supplanting the requirements of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114– 37. Each such amendment shall be con-sidered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Mem-ber designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–37. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 2, line 22, insert ‘‘, or for which the 
Board has evidence that it may involve,’’ after ‘‘involving’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 138, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment seeks to enhance some of the good government language that al-ready exists in this bill. Page 2 of this bill, beginning on line 21, details the instances in which a Board member must recuse himself from an EPA Science Advisory Board advisory activ-ity. As currently written, a Board member must recuse himself only when he has an interest in a specific party that is involved in the matter being ad-dressed by the advisory activity. I feel that this language must be broadened. I thank the chairman for working with me toward this end. 
Let’s say that the Chemical Assess-
ment Advisory Standing Committee wishes to engage in an advisory activ-ity on a specific chemical compound. Now let’s say that only one university in the country, perhaps the University of Florida, performs research on this compound and receives a sizable amount of Federal funds to do so. Under the current language, any rep-resentative from that university that serves on the committee should recuse himself from participating in the advi-sory activity. 
The amendment that I am offering 
would broaden the category of persons who must recuse themselves. My amendment would require persons for whom the Board has received evidence that an advisory activity may involve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.017 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1687 March 17, 2015 
them to recuse themselves. Under my 
proposed amendment language, a drug company like Pfizer, seeking to produce drugs utilizing the chemical compound subject to an advisory com-mittee activity, could be excluded from participating as well. 
I think it would be highly unfair that 
an entity such as the University of Florida could be excluded from an advi-sory activity and not a corporation like Pfizer if there is reason to believe that it would be directly engaged in ac-tivities utilizing the science upon which the Board seeks to advise. 
Clearly, we should encourage the 
most qualified persons in various sci-entific fields to participate on the com-mittees that compose the EPA’s Science Advisory Board. What we should not do, however, is to allow per-sons to participate in advisory actions that may directly impact their own bottom lines. 
Existing language in this bill, I be-
lieve, partially addresses our goal of preventing conflicts of interest, but ac-cepting this Grayson amendment would go much further toward accom-plishing our common joint goal of pre-venting conflicts of interest. To that end, I urge support for my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Oklahoma is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Florida for his amendment that would clarify the bill’s safeguards against conflicts of in-terest. I appreciate his attention to de-tail, continued engagement with this bill, and look forward to his support. 
H.R. 1029 seeks balance and trans-
parency in the makeup and composi-tion of the Science Advisory Board. Fi-nancial conflicts of interest are specifi-cally prohibited, and that would clarify the intent. 
In addition to language already in 
the bill preventing conflicted individ-uals from participating, the bill re-quires disclosure. Although disclosure itself may not prevent all bias, the con-sumers of the Science Advisory Board’s product—the EPA, and the American people—will be better informed if they have all the facts. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Florida for his constructive amend-ment to this bipartisan bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
b1445 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–37. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 3, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end of 
subparagraph (F). 
Page 3, line 9, strike the period and insert 
‘‘; and’’. 
Page 3, after line 9, insert the following 
new subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) a Board member shall have no current 
grants or contracts from the Environmental Protection Agency and shall not apply for a grant or contract for 3 years following the end of that member’s service on the Board.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 138, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is simple. It ensures that members of the Science Advisory Board do not receive grants from the EPA or enter into contracts with the EPA. Additionally, this amendment prohibits Science Advisory Board members from receiving EPA funds for 3 years after the individual is no longer a Board member. 
This amendment—and this bill—is 
about fairness and transparency. Mem-bers of the Science Advisory Board should be independent and impartial. They should not be swayed by the pos-sibility of receiving funds from the EPA for their work. 
Just as Members of Congress are 
banned from lobbying for a period of time after leaving office, members of the Science Advisory Board should be barred from receiving grants after they leave the board. Board members should not make a decision based on a promise from the EPA that he or she will ben-efit financially after they leave the Board. 
The role of the Science Advisory 
Board should be to provide independent scientific advice to the Agency. This amendment will ensure the Board is truly independent. American families who bear the impact of the EPA’s regu-lations deserve to know that the regu-lations are based on sound science, not on any other agenda. 
I encourage all my colleagues to sup-
port fairness and transparency by sup-porting this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would have a negative effect on the participation of the Nation’s best sci-entists, punishing them for providing invaluable expert advice to the EPA. This amendment would penalize sci-
entists who have received any grant from the EPA by precluding them from serving on the EPA’s Science Advisory Board, a Board that is charged with providing the most sound and reliable scientific advice to the EPA; yet it is those very scientists who have received EPA grants who are often the very best in their field. 
Why would we pass an amendment 
that limits our Nation’s most qualified experts from reviewing EPA actions? 
By precluding these scientists from 
serving on the Board, it could greatly diminish the pool of eligible, qualified experts who can serve on the Science Advisory Board and, more importantly, serve the Nation. This amendment es-sentially guarantees that the EPA will not receive the best advice from the best scientists. I can’t fathom why we would do that. 
Of additional concern is a draconian 
provision in the amendment that pro-hibits a Board member from applying for an EPA grant or contract for 3 years after serving on the Board. 
I don’t understand how or why we 
can legislate against someone applying for a grant. Three years without the ability to apply for a grant from one of our Federal research agencies can ar-rest the careers of our Nation’s best and brightest minds. 
Furthermore, the amendment isn’t 
even clear on how limited people are from applying and where they can apply. Why would we agree to an amendment that is constraining our Nation’s ability to develop and foster scientific knowledge? 
This kind of ban is punitive, and it 
would force researchers to choose be-tween public service and their own re-search. It makes no sense in any other area of government, and it makes no sense here. 
We want and need the best and 
brightest Americans serving our na-tional interests everywhere, and we should never entertain the idea of pun-ishing experts for providing valuable and needed public service. 
I cannot support or recommend sup-
port for any amendment that has a pu-nitive effect on the best and brightest scientific minds in the country, and I cannot support an amendment that would limit the Environmental Protec-tion Agency from considering the full and complete spectrum of expertise for membership to their Science Advisory Board. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ). 
Mr. LUCAS. I thank the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
I, too, want the best and brightest. 
That is why the core principle of the bill is on disclosure, make sure we know where the money goes. Mr. M
CKINLEY is taking this to the next 
point in this focus on following the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.036 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1688 March 17, 2015 
money. I appreciate where he is coming 
from. 
I said earlier to my colleague from 
Oregon that this is a work in progress. We will see, ultimately, what the final version is; but if you believe that the money should be followed, if you be-lieve we should know where the dollars are and if that impacts the science, then, clearly, Mr. M
CKINLEY is on the 
right path. 
I am voting with him. It is a work in 
progress. 
Mr. M CKINLEY. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, again, 
this amendment would cause the EPA to be precluded from getting some of the best science. The amendment says that a Board member shall have no current grants or contracts from the Environmental Protection Agency and shall not apply for a grant or a con-tract for 3 years following the end of that member’s service on the Board. 
Mr. Chairman, that would cause seri-
ous problems. It is a vaguely worded amendment. I would be concerned about inhibiting people from even ap-plying for grants. We need to do every-thing we can to support our bright sci-entists. This would preclude them from serving. 
We should vote against this amend-
ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–37. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 3, line 17, through page 4, line 5, re-
designate subparagraphs (C) through (E) as subparagraphs (D) through (F), respectively. 
Page 3, after line 16, insert the following 
new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) solicit nominations from— ‘‘(i) institutions of higher education (as de-
fined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))); and 
‘‘(ii) scientific and research institutions 
based in work relevant to that of the Board; 
Page 4, line 9, strike ‘‘paragraph (3)(D)’’ 
and insert ‘‘paragraph (3)(E)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 138, the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment that I be-lieve really strikes at the heart of the 
issues that were raised by the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, and that is the need for sound, objec-tive, and transparent decisionmaking by our Federal agencies. 
I think we all recognize how impor-
tant it is to bring in outside experts to inform Agency policies and protocols. Not only does this allow the engage-ment of Americans who are practicing in their fields into a process that will impact their livelihoods, it also en-sures that the Federal Government can reach out to access the very best sci-entific knowledge, including experts with a depth and variety of knowledge that we wouldn’t have access to through our own internal resources. 
With the EPA’s Science Advisory 
Board in particular, that means an independent review of technical infor-mation that is used to ground Agency proposals and regulations. The efforts of this bill to seek relevant expertise outside the Agency, however, without this amendment, are limited by its failure to include academics, science, and research-based institutions in its solicitations for Board membership. 
That is what this amendment cor-
rects. Not to specifically solicit Board membership in these fields, as we do in others, would be a huge mistake on our part. 
Institutions within my district alone 
house some leading global experts in public and environmental health. Joe Ryan—a current member of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board and a professor of environment, engineering, and ap-plied sciences at CU Boulder—leads his field in the study of ecological, health, economic, and sociologic impacts of natural gas development on sur-rounding communities. 
Professor Ryan’s work is data driven, 
thorough, strongly objective, and would be of great help to policymakers, as is the work of James White, an in-stitution at CU Boulder since he start-ed the INSTAAR Stable Isotope Lab back in 1989. 
Since its opening, Professor White 
and the INSTAAR Stable Isotope Lab have produced groundbreaking evi-dence regarding the rapidity of shifts in climate change and their origins in internal planetary adjustments. 
Without the work of professors like 
Joe Ryan and James White, we would be decades behind in our understanding of environmental science and public health priorities, and the work of the EPA would suffer as a result. 
In April of last year, Colorado State 
University professor Diana Wall was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a prestigious group of global thinkers. Professor Wall pio-neered our understanding of soil bio-diversity. As a result, it drew global praise for its unprecedented findings. 
Professor George Wittemyer, also at 
CSU, recently produced the first verifiable estimation of the impacts of the ongoing ivory crisis on Africa’s ele-phant populations. His findings, subse-quently distributed and utilized glob-
ally, amount to significant break-throughs in the field. 
These professors, like these and 
many others, are critical to progress not only within the realm of their aca-demic interests, but throughout the daily lives of American families in helping to prevent the eroding of our public health and our global environ-ment. That is what the amendment I offer today is all about. 
By soliciting the input of academics 
and research scientists who base their work on independent and transparent aims, we advance the expertise of the EPA and ensure that a variety of deci-sionmaking information is available. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Oklahoma is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Colorado for his amendment that would complement the provisions in the bill ensuring a public nomination process and seeking greater balance. I appreciate the gen-tleman’s efforts to improve this bipar-tisan bill and look forward to its sup-port as we move forward. 
I am proud of our Nation’s institu-
tions of higher learning that house some of the greatest minds in the world. Students, professors, and re-searchers circle the globe to come join our coveted academic community. It is important that the EPA reach out to universities and research institutions to find a balanced and diverse set of ex-perts to serve on the Board. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Colorado for his constructive amend-ment to this bipartisan bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the wealth of support that has been shown for this amendment, and I hope that we are able to accomplish this amendment. I am thrilled to have the support of the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
To the extent that it is within our 
power, it is this body’s responsibility to ensure our Federal partners are re-ceiving the very best available objec-tive information. My amendment will allow information that has its reposi-tory in our institutions of higher edu-cation to be able to serve as advisers for the EPA. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–37. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.039 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1689 March 17, 2015 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘EPA Science 
Advisory Board Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) M EMBERSHIP .—Section 8(b) of the Envi-
ronmental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 4365(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) The Board, as established in sub-
section (a), shall be composed of at least 9 members, 1 of whom shall be designated Chair, and shall meet at such times and places as may be designated by the Chair of the Board, in consultation with the Adminis-trator. 
‘‘(2) Each member of the Board shall be 
qualified by education, training, and experi-ence to evaluate scientific and technical in-formation on matters referred to the Board under this section. The Administrator shall ensure that— 
‘‘(A) the Board is fairly balanced in its 
membership in terms of the points of view represented and the functions to be per-formed; 
‘‘(B) no Board member shall participate in 
an advisory activity of the Board involving a particular matter or specific party which the Board member has a direct or predictable fi-nancial interest; 
‘‘(C) no Board member is a registered lob-
byist, or has served as a registered lobbyist within a 4-year period prior to nomination to the Board; and 
‘‘(D) Board members shall be designated as 
special Government employees. 
‘‘(3) The Administrator shall— 
‘‘(A) solicit public nominations for the 
Board by publishing a notification in the Federal Register; 
‘‘(B) make public the list of nominees, in-
cluding— 
‘‘(i) the identity of the entities that nomi-
nated each nominee; and 
‘‘(ii) the professional credentials of each 
nominee, including relevant expertise and experience, as well as the sources of research funding and professional activities such as representational work, expert testimony, and contract work dating back 2 years; 
‘‘(C) solicit public comment on the nomi-
nees; 
‘‘(D) develop, and make publically avail-
able, a formal memorandum describing each advisory activity to be undertaken by the Board which shall include— 
‘‘(i) the charge to the Board, including an 
explanation of the scope of issues to be ad-dressed by the Board and the formal state-ment of questions posed to the Board; 
‘‘(ii) the ethics rules, if applicable, that 
would apply to Board members; and 
‘‘(iii) other information relied on to sup-
port the selection of panel members; and 
‘‘(E) require that, upon their provisional 
nomination, nominees shall be required to complete a written form disclosing informa-tion related to financial relationships and interests that may, or could be predicted to, be relevant to the Board’s advisory activi-ties, and relevant professional activities and public statements, for the 2-year period prior to the date of their nomination, in a manner sufficient for the Administrator to assess the independence and points of view of the can-didates.’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION AND TRANS -
PARENCY .—Section 8(h) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 
4365(h)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(h)(1) The Board shall make every effort, 
consistent with applicable law, including section 552 of title 5, United States Code 
(commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act’) and section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act’), to maximize public participa-tion and transparency, including making the scientific and technical advice of the Board and any committees or investigative panels of the Board publicly available in electronic form on the website of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(2) The Administrator and the Board shall 
encourage and solicit public comments on the advisory activities of Board, including written and oral comments, especially com-ments that provide specific scientific or technical information or analysis for the Board to consider, or comments related to the clarity or accuracy of the recommenda-tions being considered by the Board. 
‘‘(3) The Administrator shall specify the 
areas of expertise being sought and make every effort to solicit candidate rec-ommendations from the public, and solicit public comments on candidates selected.’’. 
(c) O
PERATIONS .—Section 8 of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 4365) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j)(1) In carrying out its advisory activi-
ties, the Board shall strive to avoid making policy determinations or recommendations, and, in the event the Board determines that it would be appropriate or useful to offer pol-icy advice, shall explicitly distinguish be-tween scientific determinations and policy advice. 
‘‘(2) While recognizing that consensus rec-
ommendations and conclusions are the most useful to the Administrator and Congress, the Board shall ensure the views of all Board members, including dissenting views, are adequately incorporated into reports and recommendations from the Board.’’. 
SEC. 3. RELATION TO THE FEDERAL ADVISORY 
COMMITTEE ACT. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments 
made by this Act shall be construed as sup-planting the requirements of the Federal Ad-visory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 4. RELATION TO THE ETHICS IN GOVERN-
MENT ACT OF 1978. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments 
made by this Act shall be construed as sup-planting the requirements of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 138, the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
As I mentioned during general debate 
on H.R. 1029, I am not opposed to—in fact, I support legislation that will im-prove the EPA’s Science Advisory Board. It is something I have been committed to since we had hearings in the last Congress, something we haven’t had in this Congress. We didn’t even have a markup on this bill. 
For the most part, I agree with the 
goals of H.R. 1029 and recognize the need to increase transparency in the selection of Board members and to pro-mote public participation in the Board’s review process. 
That being said, not all of the provi-
sions included in H.R. 1029 will actually improve the Science Advisory Board. In fact, some of the provisions in the bill distort common practices for eliminating or limiting financial con-
flicts of interest. 
Another provision turns the valuable 
and necessary process of soliciting pub-lic comments into a tool for the end-less delay of public health protections. 
Over the past week, my staff has 
worked tirelessly with majority staff in an attempt to find common ground and move forward with a bill that is worthy of broad bipartisan support. 
Unfortunately, a compromise could 
not be reached on some of the key problem areas of this bill. However, be-cause I agree with the goals of H.R. 1029—but not with the execution of those goals in the text of this bill—I am offering an amendment that will truly improve the Science Advisory Board. 
This amendment draws on non-
partisan recommendations from the Bi-partisan Policy Center, the Keystone Policy Center, and the Government Ac-countability Office that will lead to greater transparency in the selection of Board members and restore con-fidence in the scientific advice offered by the Board. 
My substitute amendment would re-
quire EPA to release a formal memo-randum detailing—among other things—the charge to the Board, in-cluding the specific questions the Board is tasked with addressing. 
It would require the EPA to make 
available online the professional cre-dentials of each person nominated to the Board, including any source of re-search funding dating back 2 years. It also outlines the disclosure require-ments for every nominee. 
Finally, my amendment requires the 
EPA to solicit public comment on the nominees, the candidates selected, and the advisory activities of the Board, in-cluding specific scientific or technical information for the Board to consider. 
b1500 
These changes encompass the core 
principles that both Republicans and Democrats have agreed should be fol-lowed in EPA’s Science Advisory Board. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, based on nonpartisan rec-ommendations of experts, and move forward with a bill that makes positive changes to the EPA’s Science Advisory Board. My amendment will improve transparency in membership balance, promote public participation without endlessly delaying EPA action or skew-ing the membership of the board to-ward conflicted parties. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Oklahoma is recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I have said it numerous times, and I 
will repeat once again, this is a work in progress. This is a bill that is so impor-tant to the future of the country, so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.042 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1690 March 17, 2015 
important to how we address the sci-
entific issues of our day, that this must proceed forward. 
In the markup the other day, I think 
we had something like four amend-ments. We have had and accepted sev-eral amendments today. I would as-sume that if ultimately our friends in that other body are able to take ac-tion, that we will wind up, once again, working on the differences between the two bills. So there are a number of op-portunities to refine and improve even this piece of legislation. 
But that said, the fundamental prin-
ciples are still there. We need to pass a bill to continue the process on H.R. 1029 that addresses transparency, that opens the process up to the public, that opens the process up to all individuals who have the scientific knowledge, the ability to contribute to this oversight group. 
That is why I prefer the disclosure 
route. Let us all know who makes what off of what, and then we will base their objectivity on that. 
Again, the Science Advisory Board 
looks over the shoulder of the EPA. They can’t stop the EPA from doing anything. But the power of their anal-ysis, which is only as good as the infor-mation that EPA shares with them, their ability to review that will deter-mine just how much support there will be across the country, whatever the ul-timate rule is. 
I know my colleague from Oregon 
works in good faith, and I respect that greatly. And just as she and her staff 
have worked with the committee and the committee staff, I suspect we will continue to work together. 
Ultimately, can we come up with a 
document that we can all agree with? 
I am a person of great optimism, and 
I think we should try. But on this day, an amendment that basically, from my perspective, takes away virtually all of the key points that the bill attempts to achieve, on this day, at this mo-ment, I cannot support that, and I have to, respectfully, ask my colleagues to turn down this amendment, to hope-fully then advance the bill so that we can ultimately get to that final docu-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to first correct a misstatement that I made. I meant to say we did not have a subcommittee markup. We did have a full committee markup. How-ever, we did not have any hearings this Congress on this very important issue. 
I want to just add to what my good 
colleague, Mr. L
UCAS , said a couple of 
times about how this is a work in progress. If it is a work in progress, Mr. Chairman, I submit that we shouldn’t be here quite yet today. We should con-tinue to work together on this because there are a lot of goals that we agree on. 
If it is a work in progress, why are we 
on the floor voting today? 
Mr. Chairman, I submit that this 
substitute amendment does more to improve the transparency to get to the 
goals that everyone agrees we need on the Science Advisory Board. I submit that it is a better approach. However, I would prefer that we continue to work, and then bring the bill up for a vote. 
I am an optimist too, Mr. L
UCAS , and 
I could get it done. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ), a very sen-
ior and knowledgeable member of the House Science Committee. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just note that there has been some laudable cooperation in the Science Committee this year, which I deeply appreciate. And the gentlelady and I have actually cosponsored some very needed legislation. 
I think this particular bill does dem-
onstrate, however, that as much as we can try to work together, that there are some fundamental differences be-tween the two parties here in Congress dealing with scientific issues. 
It is much to the chagrin of many of 
us to see—I have been a Member of Congress now since 1989—that the in-tegrity of America’s, and especially our Federal Government’s, science pro-grams has been brought into question by what appears to be a very cynical manipulation of the sciences by var-ious elements in our government and within the political system who would like to manipulate science for their own benefit. 
Let me just say that we need to take 
the steps to ensure to the American people that integrity is being restored to the scientific process, especially those scientific processes in which the Federal Government is involved. 
This amendment, the reason why I 
would be opposed to it, it goes in the opposite direction than what this bill was intended to do. The bill was in-tended to try to create a higher level of trust, that there is an integrity within the science situation here with the EPA Science Advisory Board. 
This amendment would allow individ-
uals to peer-review their own work, for example, and without any disclosure requirements. That means an indi-vidual could be paid by the EPA to write a chapter for a science project and then also serve as a reviewer for that project. 
The amendment does not require, for 
example, disclosure of conflict of inter-est waivers and recusal agreements. So we need to make sure that these types of activities are well documented and that we know exactly what needs to be done so the public can feel confident that when you have an advisory board for the EPA which actually passes reg-ulations and controls over our lives, that the science behind those procla-mations and those mandates by the EPA are made on solid science, rather than on people who perhaps have con-flicts of interest and other such prob-lems in coming to a scientifically- based decision, rather than a decision 
and a recommendation that serves spe-cial interests or serves someone’s own personal interests. 
So I would ask my colleagues to join 
me in opposing this amendment. But like the chairman states, this is a work in progress. Maybe we can come up with some language that both sides will appreciate. Thank you very much. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague from California for working with me on other legislation. 
I do want to point out that if there is 
something that isn’t in the amend-ment, as my colleague noted, we have to keep in mind that the Science Advi-sory Boards are already covered by the Federal Advisory Committee Act that governs Federal advisory committees just like the Science Advisory Board and helps provide for balanced panels and subcommittees that include ex-perts with diverse backgrounds who represent wide-ranging perspectives. So we need to look at this policy in conjunction with the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
I do want to point out that the un-
derlying bill, H.R. 1029, makes it harder for qualified scientists to serve but makes it easier for industry represent-atives to serve, even when they have a financial conflict of interest. 
My amendment in the nature of a 
substitute levels the playing field and is a better approach. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, just to 
mention to the gentlelady, I have no additional speakers, and I believe I have the right to close. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume simply to note that I think we have had a very good discussion today. I think we have raised a lot of relevant points. We have covered a lot of ground and some good amendments. We have worked our way through this process. This is a step in the great legislative effort that ultimately leads to good legislation. 
Some of my freshman colleagues 
might not be aware of this, but re-cently I was involved in a process that took 2
1⁄2years to ultimately come up 
with a bill. I hope that not every piece of legislation requires 2
1⁄2years to ac-
complish, but I would say this: regular order, respecting the input of all Mem-bers, both sides of the aisle, both ends of the Chamber, ultimately leads to a better legislative product to the ben-efit of everyone. 
And I think we are once again em-
barking on that effort, so I respectfully ask my colleagues to reject this amendment and pass the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.044 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1691 March 17, 2015 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 175, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 119] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Granger Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Rogers (AL) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Cartwright 
Graves (MO) Hinojosa Hudson Lummis Payne 
Roskam Rush Sanford Schock Scott, Austin 
Smith (WA) Speier Welch Young (AK) 
b1538 
Messrs. CAPUANO and ROGERS of 
Alabama changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. GENE GREEN of Texas and 
STEWART changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-
mittee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
EED) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
YODER , Chair of the Committee of the 
Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1029) to amend the Environmental Re-search, Development, and Demonstra-tion Authorization Act of 1978 to pro-vide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public partici-pation, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 138, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. PETERS. I am opposed in its cur-
rent form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Peters moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
1029 to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 5. PROTECTING TAXPAYERS FROM SCIENCE 
PROMOTED BY POLLUTING COMPA-NIES. 
No person shall be a member of the Science 
Advisory Board if— 
(1) such person is the CEO of a corporation 
convicted of major environmental crimes, in-cluding the release of toxic pollutants into safe drinking water, refusal to clean up Superfund waste sites, or violations from the release of air pollutants that endanger human health and safety; or 
(2) the primary source of research funds for 
such person comes from corporations or indi-viduals convicted of major environmental crimes, including the release of toxic pollut-ants into safe drinking water, refusal to clean up Superfund waste sites, or violations from the release of air pollutants that en-danger human health and safety. 
Mr. PETERS (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.046 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1692 March 17, 2015 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a 
point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The gentleman from California is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s make this simple. 
The fundamental role of the Environ-mental Protection Agency is to protect our Nation’s environment and to en-sure that we have healthy communities for children and families across the country. The Science Advisory Board is the body that ensures that EPA uses the best scientific research available to protect the environment and public health. To support this mission, we in Congress should be working together to ensure that the best and brightest sci-entists are on this Board. Instead, to-day’s bill would muddy the waters when they should be crystal clear. 
Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill 
moves EPA away from scientific integ-rity and weakens the independence of the Science Advisory Board. First, the bill requires that all scientific and technical points be balanced among members of the Board. 
What does the term ‘‘balanced’’ 
mean? 
Politicians should not be mandating 
scientific results. Science should be de-termined by the experts—scientists and scientific researchers—not by those of us in this Chamber. 
Second, the bill imposes a non-
science-based hiring quota for Advisory Board members based on employment by a State, local, or tribal government without regard to scientific expertise. 
Finally, the open public comment pe-
riod in the bill would allow regulatory opponents an endless amount of time to halt, derail, discredit, and slow EPA actions that go against their interests. 
So instead of limiting review time 
and providing businesses with more certainty of how EPA regulations will affect their projects, the underlying bill would increase delay and decrease certainty—not what we have been try-ing to achieve with regulatory reform in this body up until now. Regulatory reform isn’t done through obstructing every potential new rule. It is done, in part, by requiring agencies to render their decisions on a schedule so that the market can move forward. This bill would do the opposite. 
b1545 
My amendment will not cure all of 
these defects in the underlying bill, but it makes two obvious and significant changes to promote scientific integ-rity. It states simply that anyone working for a corporation that has been convicted of a major environ-mental crime should be prohibited from serving on the Science Advisory Board. It secondly states that any person 
whose primary source of research comes from these criminal corporate actors should be prohibited from serv-ing on the Science Advisory Board. 
Mr. Speaker, for too long, we have 
heard that we have to choose between supporting economic prosperity and a clean environment. The implication is that we can’t have both, but that is a false choice and one we can’t afford to make. Americans know that we deserve nothing less than both: economic op-portunity and clean air and clean water for future generations. 
My State of California added 498,000 
jobs in the last year while, at the same time, we continue to be a global leader in environmental reforms that have provided cleaner air than at any time in the last 50 years. 
I am from San Diego where scientific 
research, economic growth, and envi-ronmental stewardship are not in con-flict, but rather are the subject of on-going, sustained, bipartisan collabora-tion. 
It should be clear to everyone that 
CEOs from major corporations that are convicted of major environmental crimes have no place serving on the Science Advisory Board and neither should biased scientists. 
Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the motion, and stand 
with me to maintain the integrity of the independence of the Science Advi-sory Board. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw 
my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. LUCAS. I claim the time in oppo-
sition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, at one 
point today, one of the upperclassman walked by and said, ‘‘You again,’’ ref-erencing my working on a piece of leg-islation on this floor. 
For the freshmen, you might not un-
derstand the relevance of that, but in the last session and the session before, I and Mr. P
ETERSON —my colleague on 
this bill—and the members of the Ag Committee worked for 2
1⁄2years to pass 
a piece of legislation that should have taken 6 months. 
Now, why is that relevant in our dis-
cussion about H.R. 1029? It is relevant because when I give you my word as the primary author of the bill that I will work with both sides of the Cham-ber, that I will work with all perspec-tives, that this is a work in progress, you can take that for exactly what it means. 
Now, why H.R. 1029 in the very first 
place? One of the classic problems that we all face in our town meetings, that we face in our interaction with citizens across this country, is a mistrust of the Federal Government, of Congress, of the other body, of the administration, of the institutions. Now, how do you overcome mistrust 
when it is engrained as deeply as it is right now? You increase transparency, you open the process up, you make sure that everyone understands every part of the process. 
That is what the Science Advisory 
Board was all about when it was cre-ated in 1978—have someone look over the shoulder of the people who are picking the scientists, who put the science together. That is the justifica-tion for all these rules. 
The majority floor leader noted in re-
cent times $140 million spent on this research, real money. Some might argue it is done in a closed show; some might argue it is done without the input of everyone. 
H.R. 1029 is an effort to open that up. 
H.R. 1029 is an effort to increase the transparency, to restore confidence to the process. The EPA needs that just as badly as this institution does. 
Now, to the motion to recommit, in 
particular, it is pretty good, pretty im-pressive, pretty crafty, but remember, the director of the EPA appoints the Board members. Surely, the director, especially with the additional disclo-sure requirements in the bill, will show the kind of judgment and prudence that is necessary—surely, surely. 
That said, my friends, this is a work 
in progress, but it is an effort to turn around a problem that is greater than just one science board, one agency. It is an effort to address a problem that faces the entire Federal Government. 
With that, my friends, I ask you turn 
down this motion to recommit. You pass the underlying bill, you let us con-tinue to work and try and do some-thing for the benefit of everyone. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 237, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 120] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.049 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1693 March 17, 2015 
Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Cartwright 
Graves (MO) Hinojosa Hudson Lummis Murphy (FL) Payne 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rush Sanford Schock Scott, Austin 
Smith (WA) Welch Young (AK) 
b1557 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. B OU-
STANY was allowed to speak out of 
order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF THE  
LOUISIANA NATIONAL GUARD CRASH VICTIMS  
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
with a heavy heart to commemorate the loss of 11 outstanding servicemen, including four members of the Lou-isiana National Guard, as a result of a helicopter training accident off the coast of Florida. 
From the Louisiana National Guard’s 
1st Assault Helicopter Battalion, 244th Aviation Regiment based in Hammond, Louisiana, we lost Chief Warrant Offi-cer George Wayne Griffin, Jr.; Chief Warrant Officer George David Strother; Staff Sergeant Lance Bergeron; and Staff Sergeant Thomas Florich. 
From the United States Marines, 
based at Camp Lejeune, North Caro-lina, we lost Captain Stanford Henry Shaw, III; Master Sergeant Thomas Saunders; Staff Sergeant Marcus S. Bawol; Staff Sergeant Trevor P. Blaylock; Staff Sergeant Liam A. Flynn; Staff Sergeant Kerry Michael Kemp; and Staff Sergeant Andrew C. Seif. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask our colleagues to 
join us in a moment of silence on be-half of these servicemen. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 181, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 121] 
AYES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.038 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1694 March 17, 2015 
NOES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Cartwright 
Duffy Graves (MO) Hinojosa Hudson Lummis 
Payne Roskam Rush Sanford Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Welch Young (AK) 
b1607 
Mr. COHEN changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was absent 
for votes on Tuesday, March 17, 2015, due to the attendance of a funeral for a close friend. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: rollcall No. 116: Previous Question on H. Res. 138—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 1029—EPA Science Ad-visory Board Reform Act of 2015 and consid-eration of H.R. 1030—Secret Science Reform Act of 2015: ‘‘yea;’’ rollcall No. 117: Rule pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 1029—EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 and consideration of H.R. 1030—Secret 
Science Reform Act of 2015: ‘‘yea;’’ rollcall No. 118: H.R. 1191—Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act: ‘‘yea;’’ rollcall No. 119: McKinley Amendment: ‘‘yea;’’ rollcall No. 120: Motion to recommit H.R. 1029 with instructions: ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall No. 121: H.R. 1029—EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015: ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 
Nos. 116, 117, 118, 119, and 121, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘yes.’’ On rollcall vote No. 120, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 132, PROVIDING FOR THE EXPENSES OF CERTAIN COMMIT-TEES OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES IN THE 114TH CONGRESS, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 8, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–45) on the resolution (H. Res. 152) providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 132) providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to rep-resentation case procedures, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 296 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name from H.R. 296. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
URD of Texas). Is there objection to 
the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
f 
BILL BADGER, A HERO 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, Arizona and our country lost a hero with the passing of Bill Badger, one of the people responsible for sub-duing the gunman of the January 8, 2011, shootings in Tucson, Arizona. 
Bill served for 37 years in the Army, 
where he flew helicopters and fixed- wing aircraft. After moving to Arizona in 1985 with his wife, Sallie, Bill estab-lished and later served as the first com-mander of the Western Army National 
Guard Aviation Training Site in Marana. He retired from the military as a colonel. 
After the shooting, Bill was credited 
with saying, ‘‘Once you’re in the mili-tary, you never retire. You’re always there to help the community and the people who are in danger,’’ and that is exactly what he did that day. 
Despite being wounded, Bill put him-
self in the line of fire to take down the gunman, saving many lives through his bravery and his quick actions. Like many others that day, Bill showed us that, even in the darkest of times, courage and compassion can shine forth. 
He was a hero in the truest sense of 
the word—one of southern Arizona’s own—and he will be deeply missed by our community. 
f 
CYBER ABUSE 
(Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, right now, millions of Amer-ican women and girls are online, navi-gating their personal and professional lives. Sadly, many will be threatened online or will be subjected to terrifying harassment. 
Journalists, academics, and other 
professionals who dare to express an opinion, especially a feminist one, are routinely attacked with graphic threats of rape and murder. Women are targeted with sexually explicit mes-sages and threats 27 times more than men, and for women of color and LGBT women, the rate is even higher. As a result, young women are deciding not to pursue certain jobs in order to avoid the crosshairs of men who think they don’t belong. Others are being driven offline, sacrificing their freedom of ex-pression for personal safety. 
A decade ago, Congress made online 
threats of death or serious injury ille-gal, but these cases are rarely pros-ecuted. That is why I am asking my colleagues to join me in calling on the Department of Justice to intensify the investigation and prosecution of the most extreme cases of online threats. 
Ensuring the stronger enforcement of 
laws that protect women from violent online threats is one commonsense thing Congress can do to ensure that the Internet and the 21st century econ-omy is open to everyone. 
f 
CELEBRATING BRAIN SCIENCE 
AWARENESS WEEK AND NA-TIONAL BRAIN INJURY AWARE-NESS MONTH 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
March is National Brain Injury Aware-ness Month, and this week also marks Brain Science Awareness Week, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.034 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1695 March 17, 2015 
am very proud of the amazing advances 
in neuroscience research that are tak-ing place in my district of south Flor-ida. 
The Miami Project to Cure Paralysis, 
working in concert with the University of Miami’s Miller School of Medicine, is at the forefront of understanding traumatic brain and spinal cord inju-ries and how they can best be treated. Project investigators are now begin-ning to experiment with transplanting patients’ own nerve cells to enhance re-covery following paralysis. This brave work has never been more important, especially for our patriots, our mili-tary men and women, as they return home from combat and support mis-sions abroad. 
Thanks to the brain research hap-
pening in Miami and elsewhere, we have never been closer to a cure. 
f 
b1615 
NANCIE ATWELL IS A TRULY 
REMARKABLE EDUCATOR 
(Ms. PINGREE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to talk today about a truly remarkable educator from my State of Maine. This week in Dubai, Nancie Atwell won the very first Global Teacher Prize. It is called the ‘‘Nobel Prize for Education,’’ and over 5,000 teachers worldwide were nominated for the award. 
Twenty-five years ago Nancie started 
the Center for Teaching and Learning in Edgecomb, Maine. Nancy and the staff at the school have educated thou-sands of students and hundreds of teachers, teachers who come every year to serve as interns at the school and learn about the cutting-edge teach-ing methods that have been developed there. 
Nancie has dedicated her heart and 
soul to the school, to the teachers, and to the students. Just one example of the selflessness is the $1 million prize that Nancie won with this award. She didn’t hesitate for even a moment be-fore announcing she is going to give every penny of it to the school she founded and loves. 
Nancie Atwell is a shining example of 
how teachers make the world a better place. Maine is lucky to have her, and she is an inspiration to us all. 
f 
HONORING THE LOUISIANA NA-
TIONAL GUARDSMEN TRAG-ICALLY KILLED LAST WEEK 
(Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the lives of the four Louisiana National Guardsmen and seven marines who so tragically died in a helicopter accident off the coast of Florida. My family and I and all of the Louisiana delegation, I am sure, with the rest of the Congress will continue 
to keep their families in our prayers. 
As a helicopter pilot myself, I feel a 
certain kinship to the two guardsmen in my district, George Griffin, Jr., and George Strother. Both of them served our district, our State, and our country most honorably. 
Chief Warrant Officer George Griffin 
was originally from Delhi, which is only about 10 minutes from my house. He had more than 6,000 flight hours, in-cluding 1,000 or more combat hours, and was a very decorated veteran. 
Chief Warrant Officer George 
Strother, of Alexandria, was a seasoned combat veteran who also served distinguishedly and was decorated, and he also served us in our trying times of Katrina. 
These men, these two plus the others 
who died in the Black Hawk accident, served our Nation and our country most honorably, admirably, and stood in harm’s way when we didn’t have to. We will never forget them; we honor them; and again, our prayers are with their families. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF BLOODY SUNDAY 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I was 
proud to join many Members of this House in Birmingham, Selma, and Montgomery, Alabama, from March 6 to 8 to commemorate the 50th anniver-sary of Bloody Sunday, which led inex-orably to the signing of the Voting Rights Act in August of that same year, 1965. 
It was my 10th visit to Selma to 
mark the anniversary of Bloody Sun-day, and each one is more powerful than the last. The visit was organized by The Faith & Politics Institute and was led by J
OHNLEWIS, our colleague, 
such a giant in our history and in this body. 
While there, Members heard powerful 
and moving remarks from President Obama, who made history as the first African American to hold the highest office in our land. We also heard, Mr. Speaker, from the late Governor Wal-lace’s daughter, Peggy Wallace Ken-nedy, who spoke eloquently and mov-ingly about living in the shadow of her father’s actions 50 years ago. Governor Wallace later recanted his support for segregation and asked forgiveness from the African American community, and his daughter has worked hard to build bridges and promote dialogue and un-derstanding. 
Mr. Speaker, I include the remarks of 
the President into the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD so that all Members can read 
them and be inspired and uplifted, as I was in hearing them delivered. REMARKS BY PRESIDENT OBAMA AT THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE SELMA TO MONT-
GOMERY MARCHES EDMUND PETTUS  
BRIDGE —SELMA , ALABAMA  
It is a rare honor in this life to follow one 
of your heroes. And John Lewis is one of my heroes. 
Now, I have to imagine that when a young-
er John Lewis woke up that morning 50 years ago and made his way to Brown Chapel, heroics were not on his mind. A day like this was not on his mind. Young folks with bed-rolls and backpacks were milling about. Vet-erans of the movement trained newcomers in the tactics of nonviolence; the right way to protect yourself when attacked. A doctor de-scribed what tear gas does to the body, while marchers scribbled down instructions for contacting their loved ones. The air was thick with doubt, anticipation and fear. And they comforted themselves with the final verse of the final hymn they sung: 
‘‘No matter what may be the test, God will 
take care of you; Lean, weary one, upon His breast, God will take care of you.’’ 
And then, his knapsack stocked with an 
apple, a toothbrush, and a book on govern-ment—all you need for a night behind bars— John Lewis led them out of the church on a mission to change America. 
President and Mrs. Bush, Governor Bent-
ley, Mayor Evans, Sewell, Reverend Strong, members of Congress, elected officials, foot soldiers, friends, fellow Americans: 
As John noted, there are places and mo-
ments in America where this nation’s des-tiny has been decided. Many are sites of war—Concord and Lexington, Appomattox, Gettysburg. Others are sites that symbolize the daring of America’s character—Inde-pendence Hall and Seneca Falls, Kitty Hawk and Cape Canaveral. 
Selma is such a place. In one afternoon 50 
years ago, so much of our turbulent his-tory—the stain of slavery and anguish of civil war; the yoke of segregation and tyr-anny of Jim Crow; the death of four little girls in Birmingham; and the dream of a Baptist preacher—all that history met on this bridge. 
It was not a clash of armies, but a clash of 
wills; a contest to determine the true mean-ing of America. And because of men and women like John Lewis, Joseph Lowery, Hosea Williams, Amelia Boynton, Diane Nash, Ralph Abernathy, C.T. Vivian, Andrew Young, Fred Shuttlesworth, Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., and so many others, the idea of a just America and a fair America, an in-clusive America, and a generous America— that idea ultimately triumphed. 
As is true across the landscape of Amer-
ican history, we cannot examine this mo-ment in isolation. The march on Selma was part of a broader campaign that spanned generations; the leaders that day part of a long line of heroes. 
We gather here to celebrate them. We 
gather here to honor the courage of ordinary Americans willing to endure billy clubs and the chastening rod; tear gas and the tram-pling hoof; men and women who despite the gush of blood and splintered bone would stay true to their North Star and keep marching towards justice. 
They did as Scripture instructed: ‘‘Rejoice 
in hope, be patient in tribulation, be con-stant in prayer.’’ And in the days to come, they went back again and again. When the trumpet call sounded for more to join, the people came—black and white, young and old, Christian and Jew, waving the American flag and singing the same anthems full of faith and hope. A white newsman, Bill Plante, who covered the marches then and who is with us here today, quipped that the growing number of white people lowered the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.056 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1696 March 17, 2015 
quality of the singing. To those who 
marched, though, those old gospel songs must have never sounded so sweet. 
In time, their chorus would well up and 
reach President Johnson And he would send them protection, and speak to the nation, echoing their call for America and the world to hear: ‘‘We shall overcome.’’ What enor-mous faith these men and women had. Faith in God, but also faith in America. 
The Americans who crossed this bridge, 
they were not physically imposing. But they gave courage to millions. They held no elect-ed office. But they led a nation. They marched as Americans who had endured hun-dreds of years of brutal violence, countless daily indignities—but they didn’t seek spe-cial treatment, just the equal treatment promised to them almost a century before. 
What they did here will reverberate 
through the ages. Not because the change they won was preordained; not because their victory was complete; but because they proved that nonviolent change is possible, that love and hope can conquer hate. 
As we commemorate their achievement, 
we are well-served to remember that at the time of the marches, many in power con-demned rather than praised them. Back then, they were called Communists, or half- breeds, or outside agitators, sexual and moral degenerates, and worse—they were called everything but the name their parents gave them. Their faith was questioned. Their lives were threatened. Their patriotism chal-lenged. 
And yet, what could be more American 
than what happened in this place? What could more profoundly vindicate the idea of America than plain and humble people—un-sung, the downtrodden, the dreamers not of high station, not born to wealth or privilege, not of one religious tradition but many, coming together to shape their country’s course? 
What greater expression of faith in the 
American experiment than this, what great-er form of patriotism is there than the belief that America is not yet finished, that we are strong enough to be self-critical, that each successive generation can look upon our im-perfections and decide that it is in our power to remake this nation to more closely align with our highest ideals? 
That’s why Selma is not some outlier in 
the American experience. That’s why it’s not a museum or a static monument to behold from a distance. It is instead the manifesta-tion of a creed written into our founding doc-uments: ‘‘We the People . . . in order to form a more perfect union.’’ ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.’’ 
These are not just words. They’re a living 
thing, a call to action, a roadmap for citizen-ship and an insistence in the capacity of free men and women to shape our own destiny. For founders like Franklin and Jefferson, for leaders like Lincoln and FDR, the success of our experiment in self-government rested on engaging all of our citizens in this work. And that’s what we celebrate here in Selma. That’s what this movement was all about, one leg in our long journey toward freedom. 
The American instinct that led these 
young men and women to pick up the torch and cross this bridge, that’s the same in-stinct that moved patriots to choose revolu-tion over tyranny It’s the same instinct that drew immigrants from across oceans and the Rio Grande; the same instinct that led women to reach for the ballot, workers to or-ganize against an unjust status quo; the same instinct that led us to plant a flag at Iwo Jima and on the surface of the Moon. 
It’s the idea held by generations of citizens 
who believed that America is a constant work in progress; who believed that loving this country requires more than singing its 
praises or avoiding uncomfortable truths. It requires the occasional disruption, the will-ingness to speak out for what is right, to shake up the status quo. That’s America. 
That’s what makes us unique. That’s what 
cements our reputation as a beacon of oppor-tunity. Young people behind the Iron Cur-tain would see Selma and eventually tear down that wall. Young people in Soweto 
would hear Bobby Kennedy talk about rip-ples of hope and eventually banish the scourge of apartheid. Young people in Burma went to prison rather than submit to mili-tary rule. They saw what John Lewis had done. From the streets of Tunis to the Maidan in Ukraine, this generation of young people can draw strength from this place, where the powerless could change the world’s greatest power and push their leaders to ex-pand the boundaries of freedom. 
They saw that idea made real right here in 
Selma, Alabama. They saw that idea mani-fest itself here in America. 
Because of campaigns like this, a Voting 
Rights Act was passed. Political and eco-nomic and social barriers came down. And the change these men and women wrought is visible here today in the presence of African Americans who run boardrooms, who sit on the bench, who serve in elected office from small towns to big cities; from the Congres-sional Black Caucus all the way to the Oval Office. 
Because of what they did, the doors of op-
portunity swung open not just for black folks, but for every American. Women marched through those doors. Latinos marched through those doors. Asian Ameri-cans, gay Americans, Americans with dis-abilities—they all came through those doors. Their endeavors gave the entire South the chance to rise again, not by reasserting the past, but by transcending the past. 
What a glorious thing, Dr. King might say. 
And what a solemn debt we owe. Which leads us to ask, just how might we repay that debt? 
First and foremost, we have to recognize 
that one day’s commemoration, no matter how special, is not enough. If Selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done. The American experiment in self-govern-ment gives work and purpose to each genera-tion. 
Selma teaches us, as well, that action re-
quires that we shed our cynicism. For when it comes to the pursuit of justice, we can af-ford neither complacency nor despair. 
Just this week, I was asked whether I 
thought the Department of Justice’s Fer-guson report shows that, with respect to race, little has changed in this country. And I understood the question; the report’s nar-rative was sadly familiar. It evoked the kind of abuse and disregard for citizens that spawned the Civil Rights Movement. But I rejected the notion that nothing’s changed. What happened in Ferguson may not be unique, but it’s no longer endemic. It’s no longer sanctioned by law or by custom. And before the Civil Rights Movement, it most surely was. 
We do a disservice to the cause of justice 
by intimating that bias and discrimination are immutable, that racial division is inher-ent to America. If you think nothing’s changed in the past 50 years, ask somebody who lived through the Selma or Chicago or Los Angeles of the 1950s. Ask the female CEO who once might have been assigned to the secretarial pool if nothing’s changed. Ask your gay friend if it’s easier to be out and proud in America now than it was thirty years ago. To deny this progress, this hard- won progress—our progress—would be to rob us of our own agency, our own capacity, our responsibility to do what we can to make America better. Of course, a more common mistake is to 
suggest that Ferguson is an isolated inci-dent; that racism is banished; that the work that drew men and women to Selma is now complete, and that whatever racial tensions remain are a consequence of those seeking to play the ‘race card’ for their own purposes. We don’t need the Ferguson report to know that’s not true. We just need to open our eyes, and our ears, and our hearts to know that this nation’s racial history still casts its long shadow upon us. 
We know the march is not yet over. We 
know the race is not yet won. We know that reaching that blessed destination where we 
are judged, all of us, by the content of our character requires admitting as much, facing up to the truth. ‘‘We are capable of bearing 
a great burden,’’ James Baldwin once wrote, ‘‘once we discover that the burden is reality and arrive where reality is.’’ 
There’s nothing America can’t handle if we 
actually look squarely at the problem. And this is work for all Americans, not just some. Not just whites. Not just blacks. If we want to honor the courage of those who marched that day, then all of us are called to possess their moral imagination. All of us will need to feel as they did the fierce ur-gency of now. All of us need to recognize as they did that change depends on our actions, on our attitudes, the things we teach our children. And if we make such an effort, no matter how hard it may sometimes seem, laws can be passed, and consciences can be stirred, and consensus can be built. 
With such an effort, we can make sure our 
criminal justice system serves all and not just some. Together, we can raise the level of mutual trust that policing is built on—the idea that police officers are members of the community they risk their lives to protect, and citizens in Ferguson and New York and Cleveland, they just want the same thing young people here marched for 50 years ago— the protection of the law. Together, we can address unfair sentencing and overcrowded prisons, and the stunted circumstances that rob too many boys of the chance to become men, and rob the nation of too many men who could be good dads, and good workers, and good neighbors. 
With effort, we can roll back poverty and 
the roadblocks to opportunity. Americans don’t accept a free ride for anybody, nor do we believe in equality of outcomes. But we do expect equal opportunity. And if we really mean it, if we’re not just giving lip service to it, but if we really mean it and are willing to sacrifice for it, then, yes, we can make sure every child gets an education suitable to this new century, one that expands imaginations and lifts sights and gives those children the skills they need. We can make sure every person willing to work has the dignity of a job, and a fair wage, and a real voice, and sturdier rungs on that ladder into the middle class. 
And with effort, we can protect the founda-
tion stone of our democracy for which so many marched across this bridge—and that is the right to vote. Right now, in 2015, 50 years after Selma, there are laws across this country designed to make it harder for peo-ple to vote. As we speak, more of such laws are being proposed. Meanwhile, the Voting Rights Act, the culmination of so much blood, so much sweat and tears, the product of so much sacrifice in the face of wanton vi-olence, the Voting Rights Act stands weak-ened, its future subject to political rancor. 
How can that be? The Voting Rights Act 
was one of the crowning achievements of our democracy, the result of Republican and Democratic efforts. President Reagan signed its renewal when he was in office. President George W. Bush signed its renewal when he was in office. One hundred members of Con-gress have come here today to honor people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.049 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1697 March 17, 2015 
who were willing to die for the right to pro-
tect it. If we want to honor this day, let that hundred go back to Washington and gather four hundred more, and together, pledge to make it their mission to restore that law this year. That’s how we honor those on this bridge. 
Of course, our democracy is not the task of 
Congress alone, or the courts alone, or even the President alone. If every new voter-sup-pression law was struck down today, we would still have, here in America, one of the lowest voting rates among free peoples. Fifty years ago, registering to vote here in Selma and much of the South meant guessing the number of jellybeans in a jar, the number of bubbles on a bar of soap. It meant risking your dignity, and sometimes, your life. 
What’s our excuse today for not voting? 
How do we so casually discard the right for which so many fought? How do we so fully give away our power, our voice, in shaping America’s future? Why are we pointing to somebody else when we could take the time just to go to the polling places? We give away our power. 
Fellow marchers, so much has changed in 
50 years. We have endured war and we’ve fashioned peace. We’ve seen technological wonders that touch every aspect of our lives. We take for granted conveniences that our 
parents could have scarcely imagined. But what has not changed is the imperative of citizenship; that willingness of a 26–year-old deacon, or a Unitarian minister, or a young mother of five to decide they loved this country so much that they’d risk everything to realize its promise. 
That’s what it means to love America. 
That’s what it means to believe in America. That’s what it means when we say America is exceptional. 
For we were born of change. We broke the 
old aristocracies, declaring ourselves enti-tled not by bloodline, but endowed by our Creator with certain inalienable rights. We secure our rights and responsibilities through a system of self-government, of and by and for the people. That’s why we argue and fight with so much passion and convic-tion—because we know our efforts matter. We know America is what we make of it. 
Look at our history. We are Lewis and 
Clark and Sacajawea, pioneers who braved the unfamiliar, followed by a stampede of farmers and miners, and entrepreneurs and hucksters. That’s our spirit. That’s who we are. 
We are Sojourner Truth and Fannie Lou 
Hamer, women who could do as much as any man and then some. And we’re Susan B. An-thony, who shook the system until the law reflected that truth. That is our character. 
We’re the immigrants who stowed away on 
ships to reach these shores, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free—Holocaust survivors, Soviet defectors, the Lost Boys of Sudan. We’re the hopeful strivers who cross 
the Rio Grande because we want our kids to know a better life. That’s how we came to be. 
We’re the slaves who built the White House 
and the economy of the South. We’re the ranch hands and cowboys who opened up the West, and countless laborers who laid rail, and raised skyscrapers, and organized for workers’ rights. 
We’re the fresh-faced GIs who fought to 
liberate a continent. And we’re the Tuskeegee Airmen, and the Navajo code- talkers, and the Japanese Americans who fought for this country even as their own lib-erty had been denied. 
We’re the firefighters who rushed into 
those buildings on 9/11, the volunteers who signed up to fight in Afghanistan and Iraq. We’re the gay Americans whose blood ran in the streets of San Francisco and New York, just as blood ran down this bridge. We are storytellers, writers, poets, artists 
who abhor unfairness, and despise hypocrisy, and give voice to the voiceless, and tell truths that need to be told. 
We’re the inventors of gospel and jazz and 
blues, bluegrass and country, and hip-hop and rock and roll, and our very own sound with all the sweet sorrow and reckless joy of freedom. 
We are Jackie Robinson, enduring scorn 
and spiked cleats and pitches coming straight to his head, and stealing home in the World Series anyway. 
We are the people Langston Hughes wrote 
of who ‘‘build our temples for tomorrow, strong as we know how.’’ We are the people Emerson wrote of, ‘‘who for truth and hon-or’s sake stand fast and suffer long;’’ who are ‘‘never tired, so long as we can see far enough.’’ 
That’s what America is. Not stock photos 
or airbrushed history, or feeble attempts to define some of us as more American than others. We respect the past, but we don’t pine for the past. We don’t fear the future; we grab for it. America is not some fragile thing. We are large, in the words of Whit-man, containing multitudes. We are bois-terous and diverse and full of energy, perpet-ually young in spirit. That’s why someone like John Lewis at the ripe old age of 25 could lead a mighty march. 
And that’s what the young people here 
today and listening all across the country must take away from this day. You are America. Unconstrained by habit and con-vention. Unencumbered by what is, because you’re ready to seize what ought to be. 
For everywhere in this country, there are 
first steps to be taken, there’s new ground to cover, there are more bridges to be crossed. And it is you, the young and fearless at heart, the most diverse and educated genera-tion in our history, who the nation is wait-ing to follow. 
Because Selma shows us that America is 
not the project of any one person. Because the single-most powerful word in our democ-racy is the word ‘‘We.’’ ‘‘We The People.’’ ‘‘We Shall Overcome.’’ ‘‘Yes We Can.’’ That word is owned by no one. It belongs to every-one. Oh, what a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great na-tion of ours. 
Fifty years from Bloody Sunday, our 
march is not yet finished, but we’re getting closer. Two hundred and thirty-nine years after this nation’s founding our union is not yet perfect, but we are getting closer. Our job’s easier because somebody already got us through that first mile. Somebody already got us over that bridge. When it feels the road is too hard, when the torch we’ve been passed feels too heavy, we will remember these early travelers, and draw strength from their example, and hold firmly the words of the prophet Isaiah: ‘‘Those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on [the] wings like eagles. They will run and not grow weary. They will walk and not be faint.’’ 
We honor those who walked so we could 
run. We must run so our children soar. And we will not grow weary. For we believe in the power of an awesome God, and we believe in this country’s sacred promise. 
May He bless those warriors of justice no 
longer with us, and bless the United States of America. Thank you, everybody. 
f 
THE GOP BUDGET 
(Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, Amer-
ica has always been the country of op-portunity. For those struggling, our 
country works to prevent families from becoming destitute and provides crit-ical supports to help them out of dif-ficult circumstances so they can earn a living and support their families. This support serves as a statement of our values, that you don’t have to be born lucky to overcome hardship and suc-ceed. 
But the budget released today by my 
colleagues in the majority does not re-flect these values. Instead of strength-ening vital services like food assist-ance or investing in K–12 education, it slashes them. It reinforces the idea that your circumstances are your des-tiny. 
We should be investing in American 
workers and creating an economy that will help everyone get ahead. Unfortu-nately, the priorities expressed today do not reflect this vision, and I hope we can work together toward a budget that does. 
f 
A BALANCED BUDGET FOR A 
STRONGER AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. R
OKITA ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, we are 
here today to talk about the Repub-lican budget that was just announced today, and I do that with a great amount of pride and excitement as vice chairman of that committee. 
I also look forward to working with 
the gentlelady who just spoke during the 1-minute speeches, not only to cre-ate a sustainable budget and priorities for America, but to debunk many of the things that she just said. 
I am pleased to be joined by several 
members of the Committee on the Budget to help me do this. 
Before we get into the details, I feel 
it appropriate, Mr. Speaker, and abso-
lutely necessary to yield to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), 
the majority whip of the House of Rep-resentatives, a friend of mine, to dis-cuss some of the things that have hap-pened to the great citizens in Lou-isiana. 
HONORING THE LOUISIANA GUARDSMEN WHO  
PERISHED LAST WEEK  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my colleague from Indiana for yielding. 
As we observed a moment of silence 
on the House floor just a little while ago, I rise today in honor of the 11 brave American servicemen involved in last week’s tragic helicopter crash off the coast of Florida. It is heart-breaking events like this, Mr. Speaker, which remind us that freedom is not free. 
Four of those heroes were members 
of the Louisiana National Guard sta-tioned within the 1st of the 244th As-sault Helicopter Battalion out of Ham-mond, Louisiana, which is located in my district. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.052 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1698 March 17, 2015 
Our hearts are heavy, Mr. Speaker, 
as our Nation joins the battalion in mourning the loss of Chief Warrant Of-ficer George Wayne Griffin, Jr., Chief Warrant Officer George David Strother, Staff Sergeant Lance Bergeron, and Staff Sergeant Thomas Florich. Their names will forever be engraved in our hearts and in our minds. They were de-scribed by their fellow soldiers as ex-traordinary and amazing aviators. 
Colonel Patrick Bossetta, the com-
mander of the State Aviation Com-mand, who I spoke with over the week-end, said this, Mr. Speaker: 
‘‘This crew was made up of the larg-
er-than-life men who have had a pas-sion for Army aviation that was so evi-dent in the dedication that they had towards their profession. I know this, as I have personally flown with each one of them. They were driven by their intense desire to selflessly serve their country, fellow soldiers, and marines.’’ 
I want to talk about what some of 
their other colleagues said about them. 
Lieutenant Colonel John L. Bonnette 
II, who is the commander of the 244th said: 
‘‘When I say they were heroes, I 
mean it many times over. They risked their lives under difficult conditions, flying in combat and during national emergencies, to ensure our security and help save thousands of people. I don’t have the words to sum up their lives in a few sentences. You just can’t. Our whole aviation family is reeling from this loss. The hole that is left is enormous. They were part of the fabric of this unit. The difference they made with everyone they served with will be a lasting legacy. Personally, flying with all of them was a privilege and an honor. I am a better person for having known them.’’ 
These heroes, Mr. Speaker, were hus-
bands, fathers, and sons. We reflect upon the countless sacrifices they made for our great Nation, the selfless call they answered to defend our free-doms. They died doing what they loved. 
I want to take a few moments now to 
let the American people know about these four members of the Louisiana National Guard who died in this tragic accident. 
First is Chief Warrant Officer 4 
George Wayne Griffin, Jr., who was 37 years old. Chief Warrant Officer Griffin was from Delhi, Louisiana, and joined the Louisiana National Guard in 1994 and was commissioned as a warrant of-ficer in 1999 before going on to become the battalion standardization pilot with over 6,000 flight hours, including more than 1,000 combat hours. He later deployed to Iraq in 2004 to 2005 and again was redeployed in 2008 and 2009. He also served during State deploy-ments in the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Isaac, as well as in support of Operations River Guardian and Deepwater Horizon. 
‘‘G. Wayne Griffin was born to be an 
Army Aviator,’’ said Chief Warrant Of-ficer 5 Reggie Lane, commander of De-tachment 38, Operational Support Air-lift Command. ‘‘As one of the most tal-
ented and respected warrant officers in the Louisiana National Guard, he had a tremendous passion for flying and a God-given natural ability to fly both helicopters and airplanes and to teach others to be the best aviators and crew-members they could be. He was a great friend and brother to all. With his loss, there will be a void that may never be filled.’’ 
Griffin is survived by his wife, Becky, 
four children, and his father. 
Now, Chief Warrant Officer 4 George 
David Strother was 44 years old. Chief Warrant Officer Strother was from Al-exandria and served in the Louisiana National Guard from 1988 to 2007 and again from 2009 until his death last week. He deployed to Iraq in 2004 and 2005, to Afghanistan in 2011, and Kosovo in 2014. He also served during State de-ployments for Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Isaac. Strother commissioned as a warrant officer in 1994 before going on to become an instructor pilot, with over 2,400 flight hours, including more than 700 combat hours. 
‘‘To describe Dave Strother as a big 
personality would not be accurate. He was more like a force of nature that could best be observed and marveled at, never opposed or altered,’’ said Major Andre Jeansonne, commander, F Com-pany, 2nd Battalion, 135th Aviation Regiment. ‘‘His huge heart touched the lives of all men he met.’’ 
Strother is survived by his wife, Me-
lissa, his son and a stepdaughter, and his mother. 
Staff Sergeant Lance Bergeron, 40 
years old. Staff Sergeant Lance Bergeron of Thibodaux, Louisiana, en-listed into the U.S. Marine Corps in 1998 before joining the Louisiana Na-tional Guard in 2001 as a Black Hawk repairman. His extensive experience as a qualified enlisted flight instructor, graduate of the aircraft crewmember standardization instructor course, air-craft maintainer force, and warrior leader course made Bergeron a crew chief others aspired to be, according to members of his own unit. The combat veteran deployed to Iraq twice, in 2004 to 2005, and again in 2008 to 2009. Bergeron also served during State de-ployments for Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Isaac, and Operation River Guardian. Bergeron is survived by his wife, Monique, two children, and his mother and father. 
Finally, Staff Sergeant Thomas 
Florich, 26 years old. Staff Sergeant Florich, of Fairfax County, Virginia, enlisted in the Louisiana National Guard in 2007 as a Black Hawk re-pairer. He was posthumously promoted from sergeant to staff sergeant. Staff Sergeant Florich served during State deployment for Operation Deepwater Horizon and Hurricane Isaac. He earned more than 125 flight hours and was a graduate of the warrior leader course. 
‘‘Tom was full of life, and his person-
ality could light the room,’’ said Marquez. ‘‘He was family with this unit and felt at home working with his brothers in Alpha Company. His dedi-
cation to duty and loyalty was without equal, always ready to accept any mis-sion and extra duty in order to help the unit meet the mission. He will be greatly missed by the unit and the flight facility.’’ 
Florich is survived by his wife, 
Meghan, who is expecting their first child, as well as his father and step-
mother. 
b1630 
Clearly, Mr. Speaker, these four men 
served their country and the people of Louisiana with great honor. They de-ployed to war zones and served during times of great emergency for our State. They represent the very best of what our military stands for. 
On behalf of my family, the Lou-
isiana congressional delegation, and the entire House of Representatives, I want to say thank you to these four men and their families for the sac-rifices they have made and for their service to our country. Their service and sacrifice will not be forgotten. They will remain in our prayers. 
God bless these heroes, and God bless 
America. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman 
from Louisiana for those eulogies and for being all too appropriate in the honor that we should give these fallen Americans, as great as they have been. 
Today, after votes for the day, Mr. 
Speaker, I want to recap some of the things that happened earlier in the day. 
Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to 
say that at about 10:45 this morning, the Republican members of the Budget Committee held a press conference where we explained to the American people our vision for our priorities and for the priorities of America to get us back on track. ‘‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America,’’ is our theme. 
Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased and 
proud to say that this theme isn’t alto-gether new for the United States House of Representatives Republicans. In fact, in large part, this is the fifth year in a row that we have proposed these kinds of ideas so that we can live re-sponsibly in the here and now to produce and afford a better tomorrow for our children and grandchildren. 
Isn’t that, Mr. Speaker, what we are 
here to be about? Hasn’t it always been the history of these great United States that we would leave the next generation better off than the current generation has had it? 
As you know, Mr. Speaker, and as my 
colleagues will help me point out here over the next hour, we stand here as actually the first generation in Amer-ican history that is poised to leave the next one worse off by any objective measure. 
That is why the budgets that we 
produce, the spending that we promul-gate here in the United States Con-gress really needs to be scrutinized, really needs to be prioritized. 
It is going to take people with a 
great degree of personal responsibility 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.058 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1699 March 17, 2015 
and leadership, Mr. Speaker, to have a 
great, truthful conversation with the American people to, number one, tell them what the situation really is, but just as important, number two, to let them know that there are solutions, that we can fix it if we just show them what they are. 
Let me quickly go through some of 
the points of our budget that we will mark up in committee tomorrow and expect to be on the floor next week for a vote. 
Again, the first point, this plan will 
balance the budget in less than 10 years. That is faster than any of the re-cent House Republican budgets. Mr. Speaker, it is in stark contrast to the President’s budget, which never bal-ances, ever. 
How can we pay off this $18 trillion- 
plus in debt that we have right now, plus the hundred trillion that is on the way over the next several decades, if we never first get it to balance? This Republican budget does that. We do it in less than 10 years. 
Now, many American families are 
saying, 10 years? I wish I had 10 years to balance our budget. I have to bal-ance it immediately in our households, some might say. For a government that spends over $3 trillion a year, it takes a while to turn that big aircraft carrier, so to speak, around. 
That is why I use the word ‘‘respon-
sible,’’ Mr. Speaker. We are being re-sponsible in these reforms, in these pri-ority changes, so that people have time to adapt, so that we can get the econ-omy going again to produce more rev-enue to make perhaps that 10 years even go by quicker, but this is a re-sponsible way to do it. 
All we have to do is show the rest of 
the world that we have a pathway to prosperity and we will continue to be the best place in the world to invest, to grow a business, to grow a family for the next several decades, as we have been for the last several hundred years. 
The other thing our budget does, Mr. 
Speaker, is it repeals ObamaCare, sav-ing nearly $2 trillion in the process. This is government-controlled health care. It has never worked in the past. It is not going to work now. 
We get rid of it, encouraging us to 
start over with health care reforms in a way that Americans feel comfortable in keeping their doctor, for example, in ways that respect free market prin-ciples of supply and demand, in ways that naturally stop us from overcon-suming. That is the baseline from which we should have a health care re-form debate and policy, not from a gov-
ernment-controlled perspective. 
Our budget also proudly relies on a 
fairer and simpler Tax Code. It is inter-esting to note, Mr. Speaker, that the Congressional Budget Office, those that are tasked with keeping track of our economic indicators and scoring the different bills that come through Con-gress, has indicated that our GDP—our gross domestic product in this coun-try—will be assumed to be about 2.3 percent over the next several years. Now, that is new information, Mr. 
Speaker. Never before has our GDP growth been calculated to be that low; yet it is because of our current policies over the last several years that they must calculate our GDP growth to be that low. We call for changing that for-mula. 
A fairer, simpler Tax Code allows for 
job creators to create those jobs, to create more investment, and to invest more in their people and businesses. That creates a net economic positive effect that creates economic value that ultimately, Mr. Speaker, will allow more tax revenue into the govern-ment’s coffers to help balance the budget and then begin to pay off our debt. 
Mr. Speaker, our budget also proudly 
provides for a strong national defense. As we have heard now for the last sev-eral weeks, months, and years, the global war on terror is very much alive, very much real, very much a se-rious threat, and it would be irrespon-sible of us to continue cutting our mili-tary at a time when these threats exist. Our budget recognizes that. 
Our budget calls for more spending in 
our military than President Obama, the Commander in Chief, has said he needs; and I think it reflects the re-ality of the situation around the world today, Mr. Speaker. You will see the Republicans stand strong for our mili-tary men and women and the defense budget that they need. 
This budget also, Mr. Speaker, gives 
power back to the States. In legislative parlance and philosophical parlance, that is called federalism. Really what this budget is and recognizes is that those individuals and the States are much better at governing the affairs of their respective lives and their respec-tive people than a prescriptive, one- size-fits-all recipe from Washington. 
Our budget calls for flexibility, giv-
ing the property of individuals and States, i.e., their tax dollars, back to them so they can run social programs that they think are important, that fit the needs of their constituencies and their communities, and that gets Washington out of the way. 
Our Medicaid reform proposals, for 
example, are a great example of this concept, where we send the States’ and the individuals’ property back to them—their tax dollars, in terms of Medicaid—and say: You know what, you are better at determining who is really poor in your communities and your States and what kind and what amounts of health care those people need. 
Then, finally, the third leg to that is 
what the delivery system for those services would look like. 
Who says that we have the answers 
to all this? It is no one-size-fits-all, prescriptive policy. The States are where it is at. The individuals and their communities know better than we do how to serve those most in need. 
That gets right to the heart of Ms. 
B
ONAMICI ’s allegations during her 1- minute speech. Throwing money at 
something—into a system that is bro-ken, that doesn’t work—is no way to fix a problem. It only grows our debt and makes people more dependent on broken programs. 
Let’s trust our fellow citizens. Let’s 
trust our local elected officials to know their communities and their con-stituencies best. That is how you get people out of dependency. 
Our goal with the Republican budget 
is to get people off these programs, not to make them lifetime dependents. There is no freedom, there is no lib-erty, there is no personal responsibility in that. 
The Republican budget also recog-
nizes and focuses on the dignity that comes with a job, the dignity that comes with work. That is altogether important and, Mr. Speaker, altogether lost in so many ways in so many places in this city and in this Congress—the dignity of work, earning the success, the happiness that comes with that. This Republican budget reflects all of that. 
I am pleased at this time to yield the 
floor to several members of the Budget Committee, all of whom have helped put this document together, all of whom have worked diligently and seri-ously on behalf of the American peo-ple—and especially their constituents— to make this document not only bold, but accurate, in terms of its numbers and philosophically correct. 
First, I yield to the gentleman from 
West Virginia, a new Member to this body, Congressman A
LEX MOONEY . He 
lives in Charles Town in Jefferson County in West Virginia and has three children. He is the son of a Cuban ref-ugee and Vietnam veteran. 
Alex grew up with a deep sense of ap-
preciation for the American ideals of individual freedom and personal re-sponsibility. That, Mr. Speaker, is what makes him a great member of the House Budget Committee. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, thank you to Congressman T
ODDROKITA for arranging this Special 
Order to talk about the House budget released today titled: ‘‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America.’’ 
As a freshman member of the House 
Budget Committee and the Representa-tive of West Virginia on the com-mittee, I worked to deliver on West Virginia priorities in the House budget. 
The first of these priorities is to bal-
ance the Federal budget. It is totally unacceptable for West Virginia—and all Americans—to live within their means while the Federal Government allows spending and debt to run ramp-ant. While the House budget released today is not perfect, it balances, unlike the President’s budget. 
As you can see right here, it is a 10- 
year budget cycle. Our budget balances in year nine. Not only does the Presi-dent’s budget not balance, it creates more debt and deficit each and every year as you go along. We don’t have a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.059 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1700 March 17, 2015 
partner to work with at the adminis-
trative level in the President’s office to balance the budget. 
We had to do this on our own because 
the American people demand and de-serve a balanced budget. It is the right thing to do, and that is a bipartisan statement. As I traveled my State and my district last year, I heard from ev-erybody, Republican and Democrat, that they wanted a balanced budget. This puts us on the path to do so. 
I also successfully led three budget 
proposals through the committee proc-ess, and each are now included in the final House budget released today. The first two will stop the President’s war on coal in its tracks, and the third cuts unnecessary Federal spending. 
The first proposal stops the adminis-
tration’s efforts to close coal-fired power plants. We simply did this by eliminating any funding for the devel-opment and implementation of new ozone standard regulations by the En-vironmental Protection Agency, or the EPA. 
The coal industry has already spent 
billions of dollars over the last few years coming into compliance with previous ozone standard rules, but the President’s EPA is expected to release new ozone standards anyway, designed intentionally to shutter coal plants. 
The President and his radical envi-
ronmentalist allies fail to recognize that many States still rely on coal to provide energy at affordable household prices. 
Over 90 percent of West Virginia 
households rely on coal for affordable, reliable energy. Recent estimates say implementation of the President’s new rule would cost over 10,000 jobs in West Virginia. 
The second proposal I secured in the 
House budget to stop the President’s war on coal was to prevent funding for a new stream buffer rule from the De-partment of the Interior. 
The administration has already spent 
over $7 million writing this rule, which is designed to allow the administration to claim regulatory jurisdiction within 100 feet of anything they deem to be a stream. 
b1645 
That dubious proposition would allow 
Federal regulators to shut down sur-face mining operations in almost every region of West Virginia with the stroke of a pen. That is not how we make laws. 
Some studies estimate that Federal 
and State governments will lose $4 bil-lion to $5 billion in tax revenue if it is enacted, and the coal industry would lose $14 billion to $20 billion in revenue and as many as 85,000 jobs in our re-gion. 
Stopping the War on Coal is good pol-
icy for hardworking West Virginia tax-payers and good policy for our Nation. We must continue to pursue an all-of- the-above energy approach to secure energy independence and grow our economy. I am proud of this budget’s rejection 
of discrimination against certain forms of energy production, such as coal, which the President deems to not be politically correct. 
To cut Federal waste, my third pro-
posal defunds the Legal Services Cor-poration, an agency which operates far outside its original mandate after dec-ades absent of any congressional over-sight. 
Defunding the Legal Services Cor-
poration is a proposal supported by both the Congressional Budget Office and The Heritage Foundation. Instead of providing legal services to the poor, as is its mandate, the organization has been used to advance pro-abortion and politically ideological policies, as well as increase spending on welfare. 
Defunding this organization would 
remove a Federal agency operating outside of its mandate and would also save taxpayers millions of dollars. 
I am proud these proposals were in-
cluded in the House budget to stop the President’s assault on energy jobs and cut waste from the Federal Govern-ment. I look forward to continuing to fight for West Virginia priorities as the budget process continues. With real so-lutions, we can restore fiscal conserv-atism to Washington and foster eco-nomic prosperity for our Nation. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman. 
If the gentleman would stay, I would like to engage him in a question if he could. 
I am very interested in what you are 
saying. You come from an area of this country, like so many areas of this country, that understand the meaning of the fact that when you pull some-thing out of the ground and you proc-ess it, you have just created wealth. You have just created jobs for people. 
That is not a dirty thing. And, in 
fact, the coal industry and the fossil fuel industry today, they are the clean-est they have ever been and have done so much good work. They have been chided and bullied for so many years now. 
But I want you to tell us about how 
the electricity that comes from coal eventually not just is less dirty than it was before, but that it produces the electricity that gives people clean water, and not just in West Virginia or in Indiana, but in Africa. It raises peo-ple altogether out of poverty. 
Could you talk more about what hap-
pens in West Virginia and the good it brings to people there and around the world? 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Sure. 
We burn clean coal and we see the use of coal. As I mentioned, 90 percent of our State uses coal for their energy. It is the cheapest, most affordable type of energy, electricity, that can be cre-ated, so it is a blessing to have that in our State and other States that have it as well. 
We already burn it clean. The coal in-
dustry has dealt with regulations under previous administrations for many years. We are burning it clean. It is not an accident. It is an inten-
tion of this administration because they stated it when they said they want a war on coal. They stated they are going to make it—the President himself said he is going to make it so expensive that it would bankrupt the coal production companies and shut down coal that way. So it is their goal to make standards that aren’t just rea-sonable, but that are intended to stop an agency from producing. 
I would like to also point out, we 
ship coal to other countries. We ship coal to China, for example. Well, guess what? 
There is no EPA in China. They burn 
the coal there much, much dirtier than we do in this country. So it is cleaner to burn it here anyway than to ship it to other countries and have them burn it. So it makes no sense. 
In fact, they are harming the envi-
ronment. These very policies that are intended to help the environment are actually harming the environment. It makes no sense. It is harming every taxpayer, every family who wants this affordable form of energy. 
Mr. ROKITA. Right. Reclaiming my 
time, I would say that every person we employ in West Virginia, in Indiana, and anywhere else in the country, gets a paycheck for sure. That is a great thing. 
The government, both at the State 
and Federal levels and maybe even the local level, gets a cut of that, right? And that eventually gets here to Wash-ington, D.C. 
Sir, does it not make sense then that 
that would help pay down—excuse me, let’s look at your chart—pay down the deficits, eventually getting us to bal-ance, as we stated, in less than 10 years, and then allowing us to begin to work on our surplus over the next sev-eral decades? 
So we certainly have to cut spending, 
and that is the main driver of our debt, and reform the social entitlement pro-grams that are driving the debt. But every little bit of economic growth, economic activity that comes with a job, that comes with a paycheck, al-lows us, if we wanted to, like we do in this budget, to pay down those deficits in the debt. 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Yes. 
Thank you for yielding. 
I would say tens and really hundreds 
of thousands of jobs are on the line with these coal policies that prevent people from having good-paying jobs and feeding their families. And both parties can agree—it is a bipartisan proposal—the best way to help the poor or to help anybody not get on govern-ment assistance is to get a good-paying job, and that is what we are trying to provide here, good-paying jobs, the dig-nity that you mentioned, Congress-man, in your earlier remarks about the dignity of having a good-paying job. 
Folks in my State and, I am sure, 
others, want those good-paying jobs be-cause they want that dignity. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.060 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1701 March 17, 2015 
want to work. They don’t want to have 
to be relying on government programs. 
So the assault on the coal industry 
and the energy industry in general is something that is particularly harmful to our State. And anyone listening across this country, I would be careful, because if they can discriminate against one form of energy, which is coal, what is next? 
There is an agenda here that exists 
to discriminate against various types of energy production. Look, we just want to be fair. We want an all-of-the- above energy policy. We want these jobs here at home that are going to happen anyway because they are doing it in other countries, so we want these jobs here at home. They are good-pay-ing jobs. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman. Reclaiming my time, I thank Con-
gressman M
OONEY for his expertise in 
this area, coming from the State of West Virginia. 
Again, I would say he is an excellent 
member of the Budget Committee and takes his job seriously, and I welcome him to continue with our discussion here. 
Mr. Speaker, if I can inquire how 
much time we have remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 28 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to turn our attention now to an-other hard-charging member of the Budget Committee, someone else who is new to Congress and who is bringing that energy, along with great ideas, to the discussion. A lot of his ideas are found in this budget. 
Congressman J
OHN MOOLENAAR of 
Michigan was a chemist, or perhaps is still a chemist. He worked in the pri-vate sector prior to joining us here. He is an example of a team that created the jobs that better our economy, that allow us to crawl out of this deficit and debt that we are facing because of our overspending, and his experience will allow us to be part—allow the con-versation to illustrate the solutions that come with raising our GDP level back to where it used to be not just a few years ago so that we can have a better economy now and a better fu-ture for our children. 
Before serving in Congress, J
OHN 
MOOLENAAR served on the Midland City 
Council and in the State legislature. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Michigan (Mr. M OOLENAAR ). 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Thank you very 
much. I want to thank my colleague from Indiana for his leadership orga-nizing this presentation today. 
Mr. Speaker, as it is clear from the 
charts and the discussion we have al-ready had today, Washington has a spending problem. 
In January, the nonpartisan Congres-
sional Budget Office estimated that the Federal Government would collect $3.4 trillion in revenue in fiscal year 2016. 
The week after that, the Obama ad-
ministration released a $4 trillion spending plan that raises taxes and never balances, a refusal to live within 
the government’s means. 
Out-of-control Federal spending has 
exploded the national debt. In 2014, rev-enue to the Federal Government was 49 percent higher than in 2000. Yet, spend-ing for 2014 was 95 percent higher than 2000. 
As part of the economy, the debt is 
at its highest point since the 1950s. Much of the problem is spending re-quired by unsustainable government programs. This spending has increased dramatically and crowded out funding for national security and other prior-ities. 
Mandatory spending alone in 2014 
cost $2.3 trillion, more than was spent funding the entire government in 2004. 
As a member of the House Budget 
Committee, I have worked with our colleagues to craft a budget that ad-dresses our country’s fiscal challenges. The House Republican budget balances within 10 years and does not raise taxes. 
It reforms unsustainable government 
programs while keeping the promises that have been made to our seniors. It grants flexibility to the States on Med-icaid, allowing them to craft their own health care programs for those in need. This change brings Medicaid closer to the American people it was meant to serve. 
I hope that Members of both parties, 
in both the Senate and the House, will be able to come together and address the budget in a responsible way, with-out raising taxes on hardworking fami-lies who have seen their wages stag-nate during this historically slow eco-nomic recovery. 
The House Republican budget puts 
our country on a path toward a more stable and responsible fiscal future. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, Mr. 
M
OOLENAAR points out some of the ob-
vious and perhaps maybe not so obvi-ous problems the budget faces and what we face as a Congress. 
Really quickly, before introducing a 
veteran member of the committee, I want to illustrate a little bit what, Mr. Speaker, Mr. M
OOLENAAR was dis-
cussing. 
Here you see, in a pie graph form, 
what our Federal Government, what your Federal Government spends its money on. I have taken the liberty of dissecting or pushing out two pieces of that pie to show you, really, from a year-to-year perspective situation, what we get to vote on as Members of Congress. 
It is defense discretionary, as we call 
it, and there is nondefense discre-tionary. In terms of the fund centers and the lines in the budget, we can dial those up or dial those amounts down year to year, Budget Control Act deals and all that notwithstanding. 
But it is the rest of this pie that Mr. 
M
OOLENAAR indicates that is so alarm-
ing, because the rest of this pie, I can’t, Mr. Speaker, you can’t, Mr. M
OOLENAAR can’t dial up the spending 
or dial it down year to year by our vote on the budget or our vote on appropria-
tions bills because the funding formula for those programs is found in the un-derlying law. 
So Congressman R
OKITA doesn’t get 
to decide how much Social Security an eligible citizen receives year to year, or what the Medicare services are going to be, or what the costs or pay-outs for them are going to be, or deter-mine right now what the one-size-fits- all Medicaid program looks like. That is all determined by the underlying law. 
This spending, until we reform these 
programs, is on autopilot. It just goes on and on and on and on, and that is why these programs too need to be re-formed. 
So we have taken the extra step in 
our House Republican budget and out-lined solutions for the other commit-tees, for Members of Congress, for the American people, that would work to not only pay down the deficits but then our debt over time after we come into balance, recognizing, being honest with the American people about what is causing our debt. 
If you see from this pie graph, it is 
only about 40 percent of our budget year to year that we can dial up or down simply by a vote on the budget. 
b1700 
Over 60 percent is on autopilot. 
So you can’t possibly pay off our 
deficits and our debt until you address the underlying cause—what is driving our debt—and that is these entitlement programs of Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, the interest we owe ourselves and other countries for this debt we are racking up, and a smorgasbord of other mandatory spending, mostly welfare programs. 
The Republican budget not only rec-
ognizes that, not only tells the Amer-ican people the truth, but then offers solutions of what could solve the situa-tion over a reasonable amount of time. 
A fellow who has been integral to 
making sure that these good ideas have stayed in our budget now for the fifth time in the last several years is a gen-tleman I have come to know as a good friend, a trusted confidant, a fellow whom I have said from this microphone before represents the people in his dis-trict in Georgia so very, very well, and not only that but represents America so well because of his excellent ora-tory, his good ideas, and his intense work ethic, which we need more of, frankly, around here, Mr. Speaker. 
I yield to the gentleman from the 
great State of Georgia, Mr. R
OBERT  
WOODALL . 
Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend, 
the vice chairman for yielding. 
I know the vice chairman won’t brag 
about himself, Mr. Speaker. So let me brag about him just for a second. 
He got elected when I got elected 4 
years ago. But when you think about what the American people have asked for from this Congress in terms of solv-ing the problems that affect their lives, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.061 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1702 March 17, 2015 
in terms of dealing with the issues that 
threaten economic prosperity, in terms of doing the heavy lifting that is re-quired, they have cleared out more than half of this institution. 
Well, if you got elected in the class 
that the vice chairman and I were elected in 4 years ago, you are already in the top 50 percent of seniority in this institution. 
We talk about how folks come to 
Congress and stay forever. America has been turning people out on their ear left and right over these last 4 years, which has allowed folks like the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) to 
rise to these levels where they can lead on these issues. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, the vice 
chairman didn’t come from a legisla-tive background. He came from a back-ground as a shot-caller. He was the sec-retary of State in Indiana. He didn’t have somebody else to blame when things went wrong. The buck stopped on his desk. Every single day, the buck stopped on his desk, exactly like it does for every father and every mother and every employer anywhere across this country. And when you now have filled this institution with folks who were shot-callers yesterday and now have been asked to find agreement among 435 of their colleagues, you get exciting results, exciting results. 
I am going to keep the chart that the 
gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) had up here, Mr. Speaker. 
The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
MOOLENAAR ) is a freshman. He sold 
himself short when he talked about the hard work to get this budget done, and you need look no further than this chart to see it. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t fault the Presi-
dent’s work ethic. I think the Presi-dent works hard to do what he thinks is best for this country. But there is not one family in America that be-lieves you can borrow as much as you want to borrow, spend as much as you want to spend, and your family’s eco-nomic future will be secure. They all know that is a path to disaster. 
This blue line represents the budget 
deficits in the President’s budget, the budget that he just sent to Congress. It is his legal responsibility to do it. He did it. This is the plan that he laid out for America—deficits as far as the eye can see, borrowing not just for the next year or the next 10 years or the next 20 years or the next 30 years, but forever. 
The work that Mr. M
OOLENAAR and 
Mr. R OKITA have done isn’t easy. It is 
unpleasant work. I don’t know why you took the job, I will say to my friend from Indiana. It is an awful job to be vice chairman of the Budget Com-mittee because your job is to do the things that haven’t gotten done before. Your job is to do the things that were too hard for everybody else to do, and you have stepped into the breach to do it. 
This red line, Mr. Speaker, represents 
deficits under the budget that Mr. R
OKITA and Chairman T OMPRICE of Georgia are bringing to a markup in 
the Budget Committee tomorrow. They couldn’t balance the budget in day one. There is a lot of sweat equity in this chart. They could not balance the budget in day one because the red ink is just too thick. You have got to do it in a responsible way. They made the tough decisions to cut deficits in half by year two, in half by year two and on out to budget surpluses by the time you get to the end of the 10-year win-dow, a balanced budget for America. 
You can’t see the sweat stains on this 
chart, Mr. Speaker. But there is sweat equity in this chart. We are not talking about, are you going to spend an extra million dollars here, an extra million dollars there. We are not talking about, are you going to prioritize envi-ronmental spending or national park spending. We are not talking about, are you going to prioritize transportation spending via roads or transportation spending via air. 
We are talking about, are you going 
to balance the budget ever. Or are you going to borrow from your children and your grandchildren as far as the eye can see? 
And I have news, Mr. Speaker. Every 
single one of these dollars and deficits you see in the President’s budget rep-resents a dollar of future tax increases or future benefit cuts. I want you to think about that. 
What Mr. R
OKITA and the Budget 
Committee have done is to put to-gether a courageous package that says, We should pay for the bills today that we are incurring today. We should not sacrifice tomorrow’s prosperity for to-day’s indulgence. We should do the tough things when we can so that our children don’t have to labor under those burdens. 
Every single one of these dollars that 
the President borrows and spends—and, I should add, this is with a $1 trillion tax increase; even with $1 trillion in new taxes, the President still is run-ning these kinds of deficits—represents either a tax increase for your children and your grandchildren or a benefit cut for your children and your grand-children. Those are the only two ways to get a dollar in this country. 
We should have the courage, if we 
want to spend money, to go find the money to spend. We should have the courage that if we want to cut benefits, to cut those benefits today, not 100 years from today. We should have the courage to do the difficult things that need to be done. And I am just grateful to the gentleman from Indiana and his leadership on the committee. What we are going to mark up—it will probably be a 12-hour markup tomorrow. I am so excited about it. I am so excited about it. What we are going to mark up is a budget that every Member of this Chamber can be proud of. 
And I will tell you a secret, Mr. 
Speaker. I don’t want to let the cat out of the bag. I don’t think it is too soon to break the news. But I have seen some patterns in the 4 years I have been here. My expectation is that, as 
hard as the Budget Committee has worked on this document, as much sweat equity has gone into doing the difficult things that need to be done, my guess is that they are going to allow any Member of this Chamber who wants to write a budget to offer their ideas and get a vote on those ideas too. We have seen it year after year after year. I suspect we are going to see it again. 
This isn’t about trying to shut folks 
out of the process, Mr. Speaker. This is about trying to bring folks into the process. The kind of collaborative proc-ess the vice chairman of the committee has driven, along with Chairman T
OM 
PRICE, is the difference between taking 
the responsibility on our shoulders, as parents, grandparents, legislators, citi-zens, or kicking that can down the road to the next generation. 
I just couldn’t be more proud of the 
effort and the work product that my friend from Indiana has created. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman 
from Georgia. As much as I appreciate his comments about the work we have all done on the Budget Committee, they are certainly undeserved with re-gards to me. It was a team effort from the beginning. It continues to be a team effort. 
I would say, Mr. Speaker, that the 
gentleman from Georgia is exactly right, though, that every Member of this Chamber—and that is Republican or Democrat—can be proud of this budget. This honestly and accurately solves this country’s Federal Govern-ment fiscal problems. And they should also be proud of the fact that, as the gentleman mentions, other ideas are going to be accepted in regular order and be voted on. And it really doesn’t get more American than that. That will be an honor that has continued to be our tradition, and I see no reason that that won’t continue. 
If the gentleman would, I would like 
to hear his thoughts on the Medicare part of our budget. 
The gentleman heard me reference 
the fact that the autopilot spending, these social programs need to be re-formed. And I want to be very clear not only with my colleagues, with the gen-tleman from Georgia, but also with the American people, Mr. Speaker, that we are not cutting, we are not slashing, we are not ending Medicare or these other programs, as I know perhaps there will be some scare tactic language pre-sented. I hope that is not the case. I continue to hope. But the fact of the matter is, we save and we strengthen Medicare. 
I yield to the gentleman for his com-
ments in that regard. 
Mr. WOODALL. Well, I appreciate my 
friend for yielding. 
I know my friend is well known in 
this body for his work on Medicaid and the effort to save that important health care program as well, and I thank him for that. 
Medicare is a great example. It is a 
great example. There is not a Member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.063 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1703 March 17, 2015 
in this institution, Mr. Speaker, who 
believes that we have the money or could even find the money to pay for Medicare as it is structured today. 
It is not a question of, is it going to 
go bankrupt; it is a question of when is it going to go bankrupt. And that is not a Budget Committee member from the State of Georgia talking. Those are the Medicare trustees talking. The folks who are in charge of looking after the program year after year after year tell us that it is going to go under. 
What people in my district ask for, I 
will say to my friend from Indiana, is not a leg up, not something for noth-ing, not a free lunch. They just want to know what the rules are. And if you tell them what the rules are, they will rise to the occasion. 
I am in my forties. I know Medicare 
is not going to be there for me the way it is for my parents. I worry it won’t be there at all for folks in my age brack-et. 
What the Budget Committee has 
done in this budget is absolutely to protect Medicare. It has gone from something that might not be there for me—and certainly wouldn’t be there for me in the way that my parents have known it—to a commitment that I can count on. Not I, the United States Congressman; I, as a 45-year-old citizen in America for whom payroll taxes— those taxes that pay for Medicare— have been the largest tax burden that 80 percent of American families have paid all of their lives. 
These dollars that you see here rep-
resent dollars that the President, in many cases, is frittering away on to-day’s consumption but that we are re-investing in Medicare to ensure that it survives for another day. 
And what it does, Mr. Speaker—I 
don’t know how deeply you have dug into the Budget Committee Medicare proposal—it anticipates providing choice in the Medicare system the likes of which Medicare has never seen. 
I mean, America has seen that wildly 
successful Medicare Advantage pro-gram. Have you seen that, Mr. Speak-er? I mean, it has been the source of at-tempts to slash over and over and over again by this administration for rea-sons that I cannot imagine because it is the most popular Medicare program in America, Medicare Advantage, which for the first time allowed tax-payers to make choices about how they were going to receive their Medicare benefits. 
What the gentleman from Indiana 
and our entire committee has put to-gether in this budget is a pathway through that premium support pro-gram to let every Medicare beneficiary going forward, folks—even young peo-ple like me at 45, folks at 18—know that when they get to Medicare, not only will it still be there for them, but they will have a choice of plans to choose the one that works best for them. 
Mr. ROKITA. If the gentleman will 
yield, that is so very important and critical to understanding our reform ef-
forts because of the fact that our pro-posed changes don’t even have to affect anyone who is on these programs or near to being on them. 
Our modeling, our reform, our ideas 
would start in 2024. So the younger guys—men and women, of course—in America, those of the age group that the gentleman from Georgia ref-erenced, would have time to prepare. 
And it is not like these changes 
would be draconian. They would just reflect how we live now and how long we live in the 21st century. Again, the main part of our reform is giving peo-ple choice. 
We believe and we know from data 
and from experiences in the States— those laboratories of democracy that I referenced earlier, the notion of Fed-eralism, where the best government comes from those that govern closest to the people—that if you give people a choice, no matter their socioeconomic background, now matter how old or young they are or how smart or simple some may think they are, they can make the best choices for themselves in all facets of their lives. And that in-cludes health care. Once we do that, once we have folks invested in the deci-sion-making process, you will see costs naturally go down. 
b1715 
That is a large part of our plan. Let 
people choose what works best for them, what works best for that time in their lives, and you will see them take an ownership interest just like they would an ownership interest in any other thing that they have a vested in-terest in, whether it is repairing their automobile, buying an automobile, or even their health care. It will work the same way. That is a good portion of our plan. 
Again, anyone who is on these pro-
grams or near to be on them can take the promises that were offered, the deal that was given, and can continue on with their lives and planning for their future. 
The gentleman from Georgia, I, 
members of the Budget Committee, and previous Congresses now for 4 years in a row have talked to the American people about this idea of down the road let’s change the system, not so it goes away, but so that it can be strengthened and saved so that it can be around for those in the future. I think what every parent and every grandparent ultimately wants is a bet-ter life for their children and grand-children. 
Now, if we contrast that for a minute 
with the President’s idea, you see a much different picture. First of all, in order to fund his government-con-trolled health care plan, Mr. Speaker, he basically takes from Medicare. The President’s health care law makes drastic cuts to the Medicare program without improving the long-term sol-vency of that program. In addition to the reductions already proposed in the law, ObamaCare created the Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, a Board of 15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats who will cut Medicare in ways that would deny care to current seniors. That is not the way forward. That doesn’t save and strengthen these popular programs. That is what will end up destroying them for future gen-erations. 
Some may ask—I know the gen-
tleman from Georgia has heard this 
question—well, didn’t the President’s health care law improve Medicare’s solvency? No. It absolutely did not. The President’s health care law raided Medicare to fund ObamaCare. Advo-cates of the President’s health care law claimed that the law both improved Medicare solvency and paid for the new entitlement at the same time, but this claim is contradictory. Medicare’s chief actuary testified before the House Budget Committee that the Medicare savings had been double counted. 
The House Republican budget stops 
the raid on Medicare and ensures that any current law Medicare savings are devoted to saving Medicare. So that is what I mean when I say and when the gentleman from Georgia says that this is an honest budget. It is truth telling to and for the American people, but it also offers the solutions that can hon-estly and responsibly get us out of this situation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. WOODALL. What my friend says 
about people being able to rely on this budget, about the honesty and integ-rity in the budget, it really is con-trasted with these deficit numbers that you see coming out of the White House, because there is not an honest broker in this room who would not tell you that if you continue to run these defi-cits, eventually you are going to hit the wall. You are going to have to pull the rug out from under current bene-ficiaries. That is what bankruptcy means. 
Mr. Speaker, that is what we mean 
when we say ‘‘bankruptcy.’’ We don’t mean that Social Security goes away and Medicare goes away and you get zero. We mean you are still stuck on the program, but we are slashing your benefits in half overnight. That is im-moral. It is immoral to make promises to people and not keep them. 
I don’t want the gentleman from In-
diana’s job, Mr. Speaker. I don’t want it. Being vice chairman of the Budget Committee is hard because you have to make tough decisions. And the decision that the Budget Committee made was we can be honest with folks who have not yet attained Medicare age that the program will not be there for them as it was for their parents if we make no changes. We can keep our commitment to older seniors—those folks on the program—to say, if we promise it to you, you are going to get it. Then we can bring in this new element of choice, again, for folks in my age bracket, to say, when you get to Medi-care, we will have protected it, and you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.064 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1704 March 17, 2015 
will have some personal decision-
making in terms of how do you get the benefit package that best serves you, best serves your spouse, and best serves your family. 
I am so appreciative in a town where 
people dodge responsibility like it is the plague that the Budget Committee has said that we are either going to break promises tomorrow when we run out of money or we are going to be honest with people today about the state of the affairs that we are in: $400 billion deficits, $600 billion deficits, trillion-dollar deficits in the Presi-dent’s budget. And if you saw the chart that the vice chairman held up earlier, that pie chart of where America spends its money, interest that we are paying today dwarfs education spending, transportation spending, environ-mental spending, and the like. 
I thank the gentleman for his leader-
ship. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman 
from Georgia again. He is not only a blessing to his State, he is a blessing to this Congress and to this country for his integrity, his hard work, and for his oratory. Thank you, sir, very, very much. 
Mr. Speaker and Members of this 
body, please pay attention to the House Budget Committee tomorrow as we mark up this bill, hopefully not for 12 hours, but maybe so. We will be there for as long as it takes. And be ready—be ready and be proud—to vote on the floor of this House next week for a budget that offers honesty, real solu-tions, a balanced budget for a stronger America. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
MIDDLE CLASS ECONOMICS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I am 
thankful for the opportunity to speak. I hadn’t intended to talk on Medicare, although I think that the ultimate re-action to what we just heard is that the Medicare guarantee that has been the bedrock, foundation, for seniors really will terminate if this budget pro-posal that we just heard discussed for so long continues because it will basi-cally give seniors an option not to have Medicare. I don’t think we want to do that. This has been an extremely im-portant program for more than 40 years now, and I want to look really, really hard at the proposal that is being put forth by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. 
What I came to talk about today is 
something that the President actually spoke to us about here in the Chamber in January, and it was middle class ec-onomics—middle class economics. How is it that we can grow the middle class which has been stagnant in its eco-nomic growth for the last almost 25 
years now, not seen a pay increase, husband and wife or a single parent struggling to make ends meet here in America? The President came here and he brought to us this middle class eco-nomics. 
Why is it important? Well, basically, 
if the middle class is healthy, if the middle class paycheck is growing, the economy grows. It is an economy that is based upon the consumer, and the 
consumer really is the middle class. So it becomes absolutely important that we look at how we are going to grow the middle class in America. 
There are many different ways to do 
that. Obviously, we need to strengthen the wages that the middle class have. We have seen very little wage growth in the last two decades. We need to really make sure that the men and women that are out there working day in and day out have the increase in their paycheck. We have seen little tiny bumps now as we look across the Nation, and as more and more people become employed and the labor market becomes somewhat tighter, we would hope to see this. But an important ele-ment of this paycheck is the minimum wage. So we advocate for $10.10 min-imum wage all across this Nation. We hope to get it. 
But what we really want to spend 
time on today is the infrastructure and how to really see the infrastructure— the foundation for economic growth— really be put in place in America. We now have until mid-May, May 15, to put in place a new version of the high-way bill. Can we do it? We have to do it. If we don’t put in place and extend the Surface Transportation Act, we are going to see contractors all across America shut down their work, new contracts for highways and bridges not go into effect but, rather, be delayed. So Congress has an enormous task at its hand, and that is to reauthorize the Surface Transportation Act. 
The current one? We kicked it down 
the road last fall. Well, the stop sign is right in front of us, so we need to get with it. We are going to talk about some of the elements in that. We know that if we put in a robust, full Surface Transportation Act, we are going to see the American middle class go back to work. 
Let me just show you some of the 
elements that are in that Surface Transportation Act. Here they are. Last year, the President proposed the GROW AMERICA Act. I am going to call this the GROW AMERICA Act II. So we are looking now at how we can do that. The President came out with a full, 6-year program, a very robust in-crease in the amount of money avail-able for surface transportation—fully paid for without increasing the excise tax on gasoline and diesel. No, you are not going to see an increase in the pump because of this program. Now, the oil companies may stick you, but not the government. 
And so the President’s plan, which 
we call the GROW AMERICA Act 2, has all of these elements in it: rail, a full 
rail program that is a freight program; how you connect the rail system, the highway system, and the port system; buses; light rail and the intercity transportation systems that are so im-portant for our urbanization. We are seeing a major need for these buses, for the light rail, the metro systems across the Nation. Ports: 90 percent of the commerce comes through our ports, and so the ports—Los Angeles, Long Beach, in California, Oakland, San Francisco, and Sacramento in my dis-trict—are critically important. So there are all of these elements. 
We know we need to repair the 
bridges. We have a nice picture of the Golden Gate Bridge here. We probably should put the new Bay Bridge, or maybe we could actually put up this bridge. This actually happened about 3 years ago. This is Interstate 5 from the Canadian border to the Mexican border down the west coast, Interstate 5. Well, for about a month and a half you weren’t going to get very far on Inter-state 5 because this bridge is right near the Canadian border, and it collapsed. So bridges across the United States are in desperate need of rebuilding. Many of them are decades old, some more than 100 years old; and, finally, high-ways. 
So this is the GROW AMERICA Act 
Surface Transportation Program that the President has proposed, about $160- some billion over a 6-year period of time. It is a large program. It provides a lot of money for all of the things we need to do: freight, intercity travel, buses, light rail, metro systems, ports, bridges, and highways. It is all there. There is a separate bill dealing with our airports. This is our program. This is what we need to do. When we do this, we are going to put America back to work. 
Now, one of my colleagues from Cali-
fornia, the former speaker of the Cali-fornia Assembly, is here to talk about an element in this program. I welcome K
AREN BASSto this 1-hour discussion. 
Ms. B ASS, if you would like to tell us 
what is going on in California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. B ASS). 
Ms. BASS. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, last year, Congress took 
an important first step. The CR/Omni-bus allowed transit agencies to pursue local hiring. It didn’t require them to adopt local hire policies, but it put hir-ing decisions in the hands of local gov-ernment officials. I think my good friend and colleague from California is making the point that transportation is the backbone of this country, and certainly we have been the world’s leader in infrastructure, in projects like has been described by my col-league, but we need to do more of that. 
Every now and then, Congress does 
something in a bipartisan manner, and because of this action, the Department of Transportation established pilot pro-grams that will permit L.A. Metro to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.065 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1705 March 17, 2015 
prioritize local hiring on over $2 billion 
in transit and highway projects. Not just L.A. Metro, but around the coun-try, local hire is now a policy. This in-vestment will translate into tens of thousands of well-paying jobs for Angelenos putting these tax dollars back into the communities that paid for the projects. 
b1730 
Los Angeles is in the midst of a 
multibillion dollar investment in tran-sit projects that will reduce congestion on our streets and reduce air pollution. Two major projects, I am fortunate to say, are in my district. 
One is the Crenshaw line, which is an 
8
1⁄2mile light rail line between the 
Expo line on Exposition Boulevard and the green line. It will serve the Cren-shaw District, Inglewood, Westchester, Los Angeles International Airport, and surrounding communities. 
Another project is the purple line 
that will provide a high-capacity, high- speed, dependable alternative for those traveling between communities, such as Miracle Mile, Beverly Hills, Century City, and Westwood. Angelenos have repeatedly voted to raise local taxes to help build these local transportation projects, but LA metro had not been al-lowed to prioritize hiring local work-ers. 
In LA, it is crucial that we adopt 
local hiring policies. Los Angeles un-employment remains higher than the national average, and people living in south Los Angeles, who are directly impacted by the transit projects I men-tion, are facing some of the highest un-employment rates in the State. 
Their tax dollars are paying a vast 
majority of these projects. Their busi-nesses and homes are being the most impacted by the construction, but they don’t benefit from the thousands of jobs that these transit projects will create. 
While I was back in my district last 
week, I heard numerous commercials on how Crenshaw Boulevard, a major thoroughfare through south Los Ange-les, will be closed for several days be-cause of the light rail construction. This closure is directly impacting busi-nesses trying every day to provide goods and services to the people who live there, as well as the residents who call south Los Angeles home. 
This closure is difficult, but ensuring 
that these transit dollars will bring well-paying jobs is one way to alleviate the temporary pain from construction. We have done the right thing and al-lowed transit agencies to have control over local hiring practices. This will bring high-quality jobs to the areas most impacted by the disruption of transit construction. 
Democrats and Republicans can often 
disagree, but on this area, we are on the same page. More local control to transit agencies will mean they can build light rail and subway projects that will last for generations while en-suring that people who need jobs today will be the first in line for the jobs 
these projects create today. 
This is an example of bipartisanship. 
My colleagues that are here today talking about the Grow America Act, this is a first step; it is positive, but we obviously need to do so much more. The example of the projects that you have given is where we need to go next. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you very 
much, Ms. B
ASS. I really appreciate 
your support. You have been a leader in California for many years, despite your youth. We look forward to this. 
I am very familiar with the exten-
sions that you are talking about in southern California. As Lieutenant Governor, we were working on many of those projects, and I really like that local hire. That is so critically impor-tant. 
We have this issue not just on big 
transit programs like yours, but we also have it on our military bases, two of which I represent. All too often, peo-ple are imported from other States to do work in our local communities, and I am going: No, no, no, hire local, hire local, buy local. 
Let me put one more thing up here, 
and then I am going to yield to my friend from New York because this is really his turf. Make It In America, Buy America. So when you are going to build these projects, let’s do it with American-made products. 
I think this one, Ms. B
ASS, this is, I 
don’t know, a problem that occurred in San Francisco. When they decided to rebuild the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, they decided to use Chinese 
steel. 
Some 6,000 jobs went off to China. 
The steel came back. It turns out that the steel had all kinds of problems: welding problems, structural problems. They are still dealing with this. This is really the ‘‘San Francisco Made in China Bay Bridge’’ 
On the other hand, my good friend 
here from New York, P
AULTONKO , the 
Tappan Zee Bridge, across the Hudson River, both of them about $6 billion to $7 billion. This bridge made in Amer-ica, with American workers, and Amer-ican steel—and it is coming in on budg-et—not Chinese steel. 
I don’t know, Ms. B
ASS, but when you 
talk about making it local, hire local, we ought to have Buy America, Make It In America, and then we can really see the jobs, not just the local jobs in the construction, but all of the other parts that go with it. 
Where is that train being made? It 
could be made in Sacramento by Sie-mens with American workers, made in America, our tax dollars hiring local workers and American-made products. It can be exciting. We can really build this economy. We can grow America, and we can rebuild the American mid-dle class in the process. 
Mr. T
ONKO , congratulations on your 
Tappan Zee Bridge made in America with, as Ms. B
ASSwould say, locally 
hired workers. 
Mr. TONKO. We are proud of any 
Make It In America provisions. Let me thank you, first and fore-
most, for bringing together Represent-atives like Congresswoman B
ASS and 
you always at the helm to lead us into discussions at the soundness of invest-ment, in infrastructure, that is re-quired for a modern-day society, for commerce to function, for economic re-covery sake. We need to include infra-structure as a bit of the formula that takes us to the maximum outcome for producing jobs. 
I think any of us comprehends how 
investment and infrastructure equates to job creation. It is an easy exercise to relate to the skilled set of labor that is required to build these bits of infra-structure, but it is in the millions that we can strike in terms of added jobs and certainly a bolstering of our re-gional economies and certainly our na-tional economy. 
This one is a no-brainer. It makes 
sense across the board to invest in what is crumbling infrastructure, im-proving those deficit-rated bridges, de-ficient bridges, and to be able to pro-vide for the sort of vision that we as a nation require, this Nation requires, in order to move forward on a path of soundness. 
The siloing that needs to take 
place—or can take place, perhaps bet-ter said—is a frightening thing. We need to look at this infrastructure im-provement through that silo, through certainly the opportunities for eco-nomic recovery, the environmental policies, the energy policies. 
If we can move forward with these in-
vestments, encourage American-made manufactured goods and products for these projects, and then also see the soundness of putting together multimodal concepts where we bring together, through a sense of planning, all of the modes of transportation so that they are put into a hub concept where we are putting together the best energy outcome and that constantly working in that silo mentality that doesn’t produce the results that will be most beneficial to all of us and for gen-erations that will follow. 
I think that we need to understand 
that we improve our bridges, we struc-ture new where it is required; we don’t continue to build to capacity without the element of rail opportunity that can remove some of those cars from the highway. 
Energy efficiency is a common factor 
with rail transportation. It is the most energy-efficient mode of travel. If we can invest in rail and then incorporate that with soundness of transportation and infrastructure so that we are not building where it is not essential, where it can be avoided by multimodal concepts, we will then have the best product. 
All of this is focused on the needs of 
a modern-day society. When we have seen the crumbling of infrastructure, where we have put on the back burner maintenance and repair and improve-ments, it begins to catch up with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.066 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1706 March 17, 2015 
budgetary thinking here, and we de-
velop crises that require huge outlays of money. 
It is important for us to move now as 
urgent as we can, as quickly as we can, to invest in our infrastructure, in our roads, and our bridges. 
I have looked at the needs within my 
district. They are there; they are very heavy. The impact on consumers with faulty roads, with less than acceptable infrastructure, is costly to the indi-vidual motorists. 
That is in terms of repair and main-
tenance of your vehicle; it is in terms of idle time where there are traffic jams related to, again, a need for infra-structure that is soundly developed through a sense of planning where we look at all modes of transportation. 
We have seen other nations begin to 
leapfrog past where we are at. We have instructed developing nations on how best to build their infrastructure, not just transportation roads and bridges and the traditional transportation in-frastructure, but with utilities, with communications wiring, with all sorts of opportunities in water and sewer. 
We can advise, but we need to take 
our own advice as a nation and begin the investment in what is soundly a strengthener of commerce, public safe-ty, and quality of life issue for all of us, individuals and families in this country. 
This is a golden opportunity. This is 
a way to put people to work. It is a way to purchase American-made goods that are, again, producing jobs in their man-ufacturing centers. It is a way to em-
brace sound planning. It is a way to be a better steward of the environment. It is a way to be energy smart in the out-come. 
All of this can be taken care of if we 
do this incorporated sense of thinking, a collaborative model that doesn’t silo us to the tomorrows of our society, but builds on a pathway to soundest invest-ment, to most efficient and effective use of taxpayer dollars. 
People want safe roads. They want 
safe bridges. They want the modern convenience of utility infrastructure and communication infrastructure. They want the soundness of thinking that a company’s water, drinking water, and water and sewer infrastruc-ture are sound. 
Representative G
ARAMENDI , you are 
on the west coast. I am the country span away on the east coast. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. 2,800 miles. Mr. TONKO. We are sitting on very 
aged infrastructure, and it is impor-tant for us to recognize that fact. There is a life expectancy that, when met, begins a huge crumbling of the in-frastructure. 
We need to acknowledge that fact. 
We need to acknowledge the fact that the soundness of workers skilled, trained, prepared, ready to do this work can be put into meaningful work opportunities, and we can get, again, the pathway to soundness of commerce and quality of life addressed in a very reasonable fashion. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T
ONKO , thank 
you so very much. You are always pas-sionate about growing the American economy, making the jobs. Often, you talk about research and the important role of research and, today, the impor-tant role of infrastructure of all kinds. 
Earlier, as I was going through some 
numbers about the GROW AMERICA Act II—this is this year’s version of the President’s infrastructure bill—I mis-stated. I said it was about a $167 billion program. Actually, it is a $478 billion program over 6 years. 
It happens to be $176 billion more 
than we are currently spending at the same rate, so it is really a terrific boost in the infrastructure. It does cover all of these things: rails, buses, ports, bridges, highways. 
That is not all that we need to do. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-neers laid it out. If you look at our air-ports, they are getting a D; bridges, a C-plus—you go down through the list— drinking water, a D; energy, a D—just all through the list, all of the infra-structure—sanitation systems, D; water systems, D. 
Many of our communities, New York 
City and others in your area, are com-munities that are two centuries old, and some of the infrastructure is also two centuries old. We have this enor-mous need to rebuild our economy. If we do so, we are going to create a lot of jobs. 
One of my favorite publications that 
came across my desk recently is this one: ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Cre-ates American Jobs,’’ Duke University. This isn’t something put out by the Democratic Party; it is put out by Duke University. 
They say for every billion dollars 
that we invest, we not only get the in-frastructure—the roads, the ports, the airports—but we also get 21,671 jobs. The economic impact is not just $1 bil-lion or $1; it is actually $3.54. 
You are getting this boost in the 
economy. You are getting that thrust growing the American economy and, as the President said, ‘‘growing the mid-dle class’’ because these are middle class jobs. 
I am sure you see this in your area. Mr. TONKO. Absolutely. Again, the aged infrastructure is one 
factor; the new development, innova-tion, cutting-edge, high-tech opportu-nities that are not embraced, not in-corporated into the infrastructure that we currently require—these are two major driving factors as to why we should be aggressive in our pursuit of infrastructure resources. 
b1745 
There are those, ourselves included, 
who embrace an infrastructure bank bill, making certain that we can get more for the dollar, that we can lever-age and stretch the commitments that we make to reach more projects. 
You talked about water infrastruc-
ture. I am seated on the Energy and Commerce Committee and am ranker on the Environment and the Economy 
Subcommittee, so it is an appropriate place to review and to further inspect the state of our drinking water infra-structure. 
In the last district work period just 
completed, I began with my crew at home the initial steps, with tours, of reviewing the water infrastructure that serves the communities that I rep-resent. In Schenectady, New York, which is a town of about 60,000 individ-uals, we have some 240 miles of pipe in one community. That pipe may be as old as 100-plus years. The main feeds are 36-inch and 24-inch pipes. 
When you look at all of this infra-
structure, knowing that the replace-ment factor is going to come, isn’t it a better thing to plan how we are going to share those resources with commu-nities? 
This is understanding that when we 
have a water main break—and we wit-nessed many of those during the very harsh winter that the Northeast of the country faced this year, and a number of the frost heaves are now busting this infrastructure. When we have some of these major breaks and when you see the water flowing from that location, it is not just water that is flowing by; it is dollars and it is electrons, because it took immense amounts of elec-tricity, energy supplies, to treat that water. It took tons of taxpayer dollars to make certain that it is acceptable in its form for consumption, drinking water, and, of course, it is the water wasted. 
So we need to see this as a way to 
save water, to save dollars, to save en-ergy, and why not incorporate into this discussion all of those elements that speak to drinking water needs in this country? 
You have seen too many opportuni-
ties or impacts on communities where they have had this ‘‘boil water’’ provi-sion for days, if not weeks. You see it around the country. People are getting impacted, again, with this infrastruc-ture that is so old, and it is in need of repair. We are sitting on not only pipes in the ground but well systems, the in-frastructure, the computers, the work-force that is required. 
Are we training the appropriate 
workforce to pick up in these areas who have high levels of certification? The know-how is immense, and the re-sponsibility is awesome. There is the human infrastructure. There is the training. There is the planning that is required and, certainly, the out-standing need for the soundness of all of the system that brings you from that aquifer, that water source, into the business place or the home place. 
This is something that we are going 
to further explore because we know there is an inordinate need, and we want to put together a sound plan that is thoughtful and reaches to the ex-pected—the projected—needs and offers the assistance to local governments, which is so essential. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.068 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1707 March 17, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T ONKO , you 
are talking about water. In just look-ing through the report card from the American Society of Civil Engineers, they have down here ‘‘water systems,’’ with drinking water, D; energy, D-plus; sanitation is another D; and waste-water, D. 
Just across the Nation, in terms of a 
modern water infrastructure, both drinking water—potable water—as well as the sanitation systems, we rank them a D. In other words, we are pol-luting. We have contaminated water to drink, and we have contaminated water going out the other end of the sewer plant. 
Let me just take a second to talk to 
you about a place where there is not enough water—California. We are in the fourth year of a major drought in California, Mr. T
ONKO , and you are 
talking about all of those water prob-lems you have in New York. Perhaps you could put it on one of those tank cars and send it out to California, be-cause we are in desperate need of water in California. Fortunately, last Novem-ber, the people of California took note of this problem, and they passed a $7.5 billion bond to build the water systems of California. 
There are many parts to this—re-
building the community water systems for small communities like you de-scribed. We have problems in California because communities are out of water. They don’t have any water at all. That is part of it. There is another part in dealing with conservation so that we would conserve our water. There is an-other piece of it that deals with recy-cling. In fact, the fifth-biggest river on the west coast of the Western Hemi-sphere—from Alaska all the way to Chile—is the sanitation plants in southern California. 
You take, for example, water coming 
from northern California—500 miles, 5,000 feet in the air. You take it into southern California. You bring it in from the Colorado River—200 miles, 2,000 feet. You bring it into southern California. You clean it. You use it once. Then you clean the water to a higher standard than the day it arrives in southern California, and you dump it in the ocean. Hello. Anybody think-ing? So the people of California said, Let’s recycle, so recycling programs are going to be part of California’s fu-ture. 
We need to build reservoirs. We need 
to take care of the underground aquifers, which are rapidly being de-pleted. Unlike in New York, we are de-pleting them in California, not only in California, but in Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Georgia, Florida, and Oregon. All of these States are see-ing a depletion in their aquifers. In California, we need to get with this. 
In doing so, what I would like to see 
us do here in Washington is to take our Federal water programs, which are sev-eral. We have a recycling program and a conservation program—title VI is the Central Valley Improvement Act— available to the entire Nation. We have 
the EPA with its water programs, the Department of Agriculture, obviously the Bureau of Reclamation, and the Corps of Engineers. 
For those programs that are Califor-
nia’s, we ought to put them right un-derneath that water bond and aug-ment, supplement, and drive forward that water bond that the people of California already voted for. We have our task in major infrastructure, in putting people to work, and in guaran-teeing the future for California water supplies. 
Mr. TONKO. I couldn’t agree more. I 
think what we can do to supplement ef-forts in individual States is so critical right now because the need is so in de-mand. 
When I talk about this, I hear from 
your counterparts in California about the huge loss of water they had with some of the water main breaks. Again, it is the water; it is the dollars; it is the electrons that are flowing right by us. I have heard from Representatives from Texas, from those in Maryland, from those in the Northeast—New Eng-land and the Northeast—all saying it is about time. We need to do something here. My gosh. We have wooden pipes serving some communities. It is out of sight, out of mind. It is beneath that surface, and we are just believing that the water supply will be there and that the pipes will last forever. We know that the acidic quality of soils will wear the pipes from the outside and that the velocity will wear the pipes from the inside. They will not last for-ever. 
It is important for us to make cer-
tain that we communicate well, estab-lish that dialogue with the water main-tenance crews at all levels in our home States and have them instruct us as the first line of that service delivery system and say, Hey, this is the situa-tion. These are the conditions. These are the needs. And let us go forward with this infrastructure discussion that fully incorporates all of the ele-ments of infrastructure—from the safe-ty of our roads and bridges to the ad-vanced investment in ports and rail, to communications to utilities. We have monopoly designed settings now wheel-ing electrons from region to region, State to State, nation to nation, na-tions to the U.S. All of this needs to be broadened in terms of the dialogue that we share and develop. 
We need to understand that we are at 
a cutting edge where, in this century now, we need to upgrade because of new opportunities or upgrade because of aged infrastructure. It begins with the soundness of planning, and it is why I enjoy these discussions with you where we can ignite, so to speak, that thinking at home and, certainly, amongst our colleagues here in the House and down the hall in the Senate to make certain that we are just avidly supportive of going forward with a pro-gressive order of policies that will speak to these infrastructure needs and where we allocate the resources that 
are going to respond effectively to the given situation at hand. 
It is within our grasp. The bottom 
line is it produces jobs—millions of jobs—all while addressing safety and quality of life and commerce oppor-tunity. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T
ONKO , thank 
you so very much. You keep bringing these issues so clearly to all of us. 
There are some among the 435 Mem-
bers of this House who believe that the Federal Government should not have a role in these kinds of projects, and I think they are doing two things as they advocate that the Federal Govern-ment ought to get out of this business. 
First of all, they are ignoring the 
Constitution, which specifically says Congress is supposed to take care of postal roads. They are also ignoring the Founding Fathers. Washington asked his Treasury Secretary, Ham-ilton, to develop a program on advanc-ing the American economy, and he came back with a program to build ports, postal roads, and canals. So this has been a long history of America from the beginning—that the Federal Government has a role in all of these. 
This morning, we had a hearing in 
the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee about the highway bill, about the surface transportation bill. We note that the President put forward what I call the GROW AMERICA Act II—this is this year’s version of last year’s bill—that is for $478 billion, a 6- year program, $176 billion more than proposed last year, and fully paid for. 
I notice that the ranking member of 
the Highways and Transit Sub-committee of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has joined us. Delegate E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON  
of Washington, D.C., is with us now. This is her turf as ranking member of that committee. 
Thank you so very much for joining 
us, Ms. N
ORTON . Share with us your 
thoughts on how we can grow Amer-ica—grow the middle class, increase the paychecks for Americans, and build our infrastructure. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank both of my 
good friends. 
I certainly thank you, my good 
friend from California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , 
for the consistency with which you 
have taken on these Special Orders. You don’t need my support, but I thought I would come down and offer my support, not only because of how comprehensive have been your com-ments to remind the American people of how important our bill is, the sur-face transportation bill; but I would like to just take a few minutes to re-late to what I have heard both of you say. Indeed, I have heard you mention jobs and the economy in one form or fashion, but I want to take this mo-ment to indicate the link between jobs and the surface transportation bill. What makes me want to do this is the Gallup Poll. 
We have always known that the sur-
face transportation bill and, indeed, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.069 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1708 March 17, 2015 
that infrastructure has been an engine 
of the economy, and one reason is that it throws off jobs. It starts, of course, in construction, but then, more than any other sector, it stimulates jobs all the way up, jobs that support all the way up. That is what the GROW AMERICA Act will do. Of course, if you want to do that, you need stable fund-ing. When I looked at what the Amer-ican people want, I saw immediately the link between that and this Special Order hour today. If you look at the most important problems in American life, it is amazing what they are. The Gallup Poll asked, What is the most important issue for the American peo-ple? 
b1800 
There were eight issues. Of those 
eight issues, seven out of eight have to do with the economy. 
Number one was economic problems, 
divided into the economy and unem-ployment and jobs. Federal deficit and Federal debt were there, but every-thing else was about jobs and the econ-omy. 
There are gaps between the rich and 
the poor, lack of money—that is how the American people put—wage issues, and the high cost of living. There you have it. What is the best way to do what Americans want. 
I agree with my good friend from 
California, we had a good hearing this morning, but I wonder if both of you weren’t surprised that there was not more talk in this very bipartisan hear-ing that we had about jobs and the re-lationship to the surface transpor-tation bill. I think there is a reason for that. That is that we can’t yet pass the first hurdle: How are we going to pay for it? It costs money. 
Your chart there—rail, buses, ports, 
bridges, highways—are not free. We are so hung up on trying to do the impos-sible, fund all of those without money, that we can’t get to what the money will do. We are approaching the abso-lute deadline, May 31. The construction season is already here. It is 65 degrees in Washington, D.C., today. 
I wonder, Congress knows that that 
very first bill, that Eisenhower bill in 1956, had a 13-year authorization be-cause the Republicans in the 1950s were attuned to how long it takes to do ex-actly the kinds of things, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , that your chart points to, 
and you need an authorization more than a few months or even a few years to get that done—a 13-year authoriza-tion. No wonder that those post-World War II years were the very best years for the American economy. 
The States simply cannot make cap-
ital improvements. That is what your chart speaks to. Every last one of those is a capital improvement. You can’t do it without capital funds that come in bulk. The States, of course, have thrown up their hands. How many of them have just said, ‘‘We have got to do it if Congress won’t do anything; we just can’t go on like this’’? Of course, they are forgoing the projects they 
most need because no State has that kind of funds. Eleven States don’t even have the option of putting up their own funds, they depend so heavily on Fed-eral funds. 
But to show the link that I came to 
the floor to make to jobs, the occupa-tions with the largest growth today would make the American people cry. Number one is personal care aides. Heaven knows we need them. We are having a big rally here in the District tomorrow because of the low pay of these workers. But at the bottom is construction laborers. The personal care aides make median $19,000, almost $20,000. The construction laborers make almost $30,000. That is a difference be-tween a higher-wage job and those are the kind of jobs you are talking about, Mr. G
ARAMENDI —and a low-wage job. 
We are making only low-wage jobs be-cause we are not, in fact, funding bills that would not only deal with rail, buses, ports, bridges, and highways, but the other parts of our transportation and infrastructure that my good friend has also mentioned. 
Of the fastest growing occupations, 
the top 10, only two have to do with what would grow America—insulation workers and brick and stone masons, Those are only two of the top 10. 
In my own district, the District of 
Columbia, I would hate to ask you to guess what is the occupation with the largest job growth—security guards. We need security guards and we wel-come security guards, but I want my two friends at the podiums to know that not one job, not one truly high- paid job, except registered nurses and lawyers—God forgive us—is on this list. 
So I come to the floor to thank both 
of my good friends for the conversation you have been having, to join it, and to link it to what worries the American people. They can think about nothing these days. They don’t even think about ISIL. They hardly even thought about the Department of Homeland Se-curity bill that we just passed here only last week. They can’t think about anything except that as we say, right-ly, there is a growth in jobs, and yet their wages stagnate because the growth is not where the wages would grow. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Ms. N
ORTON , you 
hit right on with your closing sen-tence. It is about the middle class; it is about middle class jobs; it is about growing the economy and laying the foundation for present and future eco-nomic growth. We could do that. The President’s plan last year, which he called the GROW AMERICA Act—and I am saying this year we call it the GROW AMERICA Act II—is $478 bil-lion. That is a lot of money, and we put that into the surface transportation. 
I was thinking about as you were 
talking about the surface transpor-tation, Mr. T
ONKO , over there, and 
about the new Amtrak bill that just passed out of our committee. It will be on the floor pretty soon. It calls for a 
lot of investment for Amtrak on the Northeast corridor so that you can go from Washington, D.C., to your home 
up on the Hudson River. I think there is a rail line that goes up there. 
Mr. TONKO. There certainly is. Mr. GARAMENDI. They call for a big 
investment there. One of the things we think ought to be in this bill—in fact, it is in the bill—is a very strong Buy America provision. This is a loco-motive, electric locomotive for the Amtrak line here on the Northeast cor-ridor from Washington, D.C., to Bos-ton, and this locomotive is 100 percent American made. It is made in Sac-ramento, California, of all places, by a German company, Siemens, who looked at the American Recovery Act, and there was $700 million in there to build these locomotives, and they said 100 percent American made. And Siemens looked at that and goes: $700 million, make it in America, we can do that, and they are doing it. These are now being deployed on the east coast line. 
But the next phase is a high-speed 
line between Washington and Boston, and that high-speed line calls for a new kind of train, high-speed train, and out of our committee we said that it is going to be built in America. 
Now, Mr. T
ONKO , here is where I turn 
this over to you. It turns out that one of the foreign companies, Alstom, which is a French company, has a man-ufacturing plant in upstate New York, maybe near your district. If so, you are going to have those middle class manu-facturing jobs when this bill passes with a 100 percent Buy America provi-sion. 
Mr. TONKO. Well, interestingly, 
when I was on a recent trip south of D.C., into the southeast of the U.S., I got to tour a brand-new car that is a luggage car, storage car, includes racks for bikes, all sorts of storage done on that car itself, and proudly they want-ed to share with me it is made in El-mira, New York, in upstate New York, state-of-the-art design, brand new vehi-cle, just put on, I believe, that week that I was on the train. So, you are right, this translates into jobs of all or-ders, from manufacturing of these cars, these train cars, to innovation and re-search that is required, for instance, in our electric utility infrastructure. 
But, you know, I think Delegate 
H
OLMES NORTON struck something that 
should speak to our senses, and that is history dictating to us when we were at our best. When we had this dip in our economy, when we were in post-Depres-sion, when we needed to recover, we in-vested in jobs; we invested in infra-structure. My gosh, you look at the buildings that came through those late 1920s and 1930s that are still standing, not only solid as a rock, but tremen-dously designed and great bits of archi-tecture that speak to a great bit of cityscape in our communities that really added to the look of the commu-nity. 
And we can take it back even before 
that in the history of our time when, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.076 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1709 March 17, 2015 
we have talked on this floor before, the 
Erie Canal, barge canal, was con-structed. It was done at a time when Governor DeWitt Clinton had this goal—and the economy was in tough shape, too—and so he drove this idea through tough times when people said we can’t afford it. And elements in his-tory, chapters in history repeatedly re-mind us, you know, we are replete with these anecdotal bits of evidence that tell us, when things were really tough, when the economy was really, really weak, we went and pulled ourselves out of those pits, those financial downfalls, and did it through investment in infra-structure. 
Here we not only have an oppor-
tunity to pull us up and have a strong-er economic response, but it is also en-abling us to utilize the intellectual ca-pacity of this great country that grows innovation, grows ideas, new concepts, research on lighter weight materials that can make our renewable energy supplies all the greater, where the bang for the buck is all the stronger. 
So there are elements galore that 
speak to an effective bit of planning that can take us through these tough economic times, respond to this crum-bling nature of infrastructure or the need to build the new state-of-the-art elements into our Nation, be it commu-nication, utility, transportation-wise or water and sewer-wise. There are golden opportunities to add to the workforce and then utilize the best op-portunities out there, technologically, that have been developed through the soundness of American know-how, American ingenuity. So this gives birth. This gives—it coaxes from us the strength that we have as a nation to rely on that creative pioneer spirit that builds America in the truest form and fashion. 
So coaxing that kind of activity, 
America needs to be coaxed by that, pushed to embrace the pioneer spirit. Go forward with these opportunities to make us a strong, strong voice that will resonate with all communities across this country because they know that need for infrastructure is strong. It is really beckoning our leadership to go forward and commit to the sound-ness of that infrastructure investment, and we see it in so many aspects of the work done here. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. We know that one 
of the key opportunities that presents itself to Congress in the next 3 months is the surface transportation bill. We know that we have to have it out of here, renew it by the end of May. We know that if we do that, the construc-tion season—while being a little bit rocky because we are late in getting this done—will be able to move forward through the summer and then on into the fall. 
One of the tasks that our Delegate 
E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON has is to 
push that out, and if in that piece of legislation we maintain the Buy Amer-ica provisions, it is not just the con-struction jobs, it is going to be the manufacturing jobs, and men and 
women that will build the light rail, that will build the buses, that will build the Metro systems, will put to-gether the pieces of the port, the bridges, wherever they may be, and of course the highways. 
Ms. N
ORTON , you have got a task out 
ahead of you. I know you are up to it. If you would like to share some addi-tional thoughts, we would be delighted to hear from you. 
Ms. NORTON. Well, my additional 
thoughts are really stimulated by the comments that both of you have made. You spoke about manufacturing. One of the reasons, one of the first things that occurred that got out of this re-cession was that manufacturing began to come back in America; and now, of course, corporations are finding good reasons to manufacture in America, and particularly at this time. 
Mr. T
ONKO , in essence, you were talk-
ing about stimulating the economy, and the best way to do it is to build something. You mentioned the build-ings in Washington. If you look at the cornerstone of virtually all the public buildings downtown, the buildings that people come to see, the Federal build-ings, they all have a 1930s cornerstone, because that is when we stimulated ourselves out of the Depression. 
Mr. G
ARAMENDI mentioned Amtrak. 
Well, this is the hub of Amtrak, my own district. I must tell you, when I think about high-speed rail, speaking of Amtrak—and we haven’t put the first high-speed rail on line, not the first, which puts us behind not only all of our allies, but even some developing countries. 
b1815 
It makes me almost ashamed to be 
on this committee, we are so behind. If we really wanted to get the economy going, we would give ourselves a dead-line for high-speed rail. We would un-derstand that if you want to move your economy quickly, you do not do some-thing like cut taxes. You build things. You build America. 
I don’t know how much time you 
have left, but I just want to thank you for the leadership, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , 
that you have taken and to say to you that I am with you as we continue to remind this Congress that this should be one of its foremost tasks this year: our surface transportation bill. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Your leadership 
on the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit is exceedingly important. All of us look forward to your success and the success of all of us in building America’s infrastructure. 
We have about a little less than 5 
minutes left. If you would like to take a few minutes, then I can, and we will call it an evening in which we have come, once again, to talk about build-ing America, rebuilding the American middle class. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you. Certainly, it 
is an honor to join with you and our colleagues this evening, as so many have come to the floor to speak to the 
soundness of infrastructure. 
We have talked about the present 
moment. We have talked about being inspired by the past, but let’s look to the future. Not only do we owe it to the present moment to embark upon some of the newest options, alternatives, and innovative concepts, but what about the impact on future generations? 
If we don’t do what is required of us 
in this present moment, we are saying that we are willing to survive on that fat of the land, that we take all of that thoughtfulness and all of the sense of progress and the pioneer attitude of generations before us who said: We are going to leave a sound bit of infrastruc-ture, and we are going to know that we did the most we could in our moment so that generations to follow will be able to live—and live strongly—and be able to prosper from that and perhaps further stretch the thinking of Amer-ica. 
Well, we haven’t done that. We have 
taken that opportunity and utilized it in a way that serves our present-mo-ment needs. The neglect here, I think the sinfulness of this outcome, the moral compass that should guide us is that you leave a better world for those to come. 
The payment mechanism isn’t going 
to get cheaper. We know that. The need is inordinately high. The sense of vi-sion that we need to share as leaders of a nation that is so great as the U.S. needs to provide for a soundness of planning and cutting-edge opportuni-ties and an infrastructure that is strong and vibrant that allows for job creation, for commerce and its needs, for public safety, for individuals and families across this country. 
Representative G
ARAMENDI , this has 
been a very sound way to share with people across the country what the thinking is of the Democrats in the House. The Democrats believe in the soundness of infrastructure. They be-lieve in investing in jobs. They believe in investing in a better tomorrow, in-vesting where you rightly anticipate lucrative dividends—lucrative divi-dends. 
It is not spending foolishly. It is in-
vesting soundly in a way that speaks to documented need and then encourages and inspires us to speak in bold terms that will take us to cutting-edge oppor-tunities that we will leverage in the present moment so that generations to follow will say: They got it, they tack-led the problem, they responded to the challenge, they were bold in their at-tempt. 
Let’s leave that as our message. Let’s 
leave that as our legacy. 
I thank you for the opportunity here 
this evening. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T
ONKO , thank 
you so very much for joining us to-night and your leadership on this whole range of issues. 
It is about tomorrow. Tomorrow will 
be solid for America if we build a solid foundation, and that foundation is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.071 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1710 March 17, 2015 
infrastructure. It is the research facili-
ties, the sanitation, the water facili-ties, the highway and rail facilities. 
The President has made a proposal. 
It is up to us to respond to that. Six years, fully paid for, no increase in the gasoline and diesel tax, it is all there. All we need to do is grab it and grab the future in the process. I am happy for the opportunity to share this evening on building tomorrow’s future. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
IRAN NEGOTIATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 
30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is in-
teresting these days to hear our cur-rent Secretary of State, someone who as a Congressman went to Central America and basically was negotiating a deal with a communist leader—cor-rupt—at the same time the Reagan ad-ministration was conducting negotia-tions. 
I am very proud of my Senate friends 
down at the other end of the Capitol who sent a letter to Iran, since the former constitutional law instructor— not professor, but instructor—from Chicago doesn’t seem to realize he needs the Senate advice and consent in order to create a binding treaty with 
another country, especially one that actually has a major impact on the ability to continue to exist for Israel and the United States. 
If this President and Secretary of 
State get the deal that includes every-thing that we would want that this ad-ministration has not already taken off the table overtly, then it means nu-clear proliferation in the Middle East. 
Our allies in the Middle East, so- 
called Saudi Arabia; Qatar; UAE; Egypt; and, in fact, most of the nations in the Middle East—Jordan, perhaps— are all going to need nuclear weapons to protect themselves. 
If this administration continues to 
persist with anything that does not re-quire dismantling and stoppage of the spinning of the centrifuges in Iran that continue to develop nuclear material for bombs, then the whole world is going to be in trouble. 
In fact, the negotiations have become 
so desperate on the part of our own ad-ministration that then-Congressman John Kerry would try to sit down and negotiate with a communist criminal leader in Central America and under-mine the efforts of the Reagan admin-istration. 
Our friends down the hall—47 Sen-
ators—were completely aboveboard. They said nothing inappropriate. There was no crime, no treason. They were just advising people to the negotiations that here is what the U.S. Constitution says. 
Apparently, they had not been so ad-
vised by our constitutional law in-structor Commander in Chief, so it is 
important that somebody did, and I am pleased that my colleague and friend T
OMCOTTON did just that. 
But here we are. I think this article 
from townhall.com by Katie Pavlich il-lustrates very clearly just how des-perate this administration has gotten to get any kind of deal, just any kind of deal so they can say they got a deal. 
Yes, okay, Iran has an agreement 
that will allow Iran to continue to cheat, as they have been found to have done a number of times, so it doesn’t actually allow them to have not just a nuke in 10 years, they could covertly develop a nuke within the year if they so wished. 
My friends D
ANA ROHRABACHER and 
STEVE KINGmet with IAEA representa-
tives who had been inspecting Iran, and it left me extremely concerned about how quickly, easily, and covertly Iran could go ahead and move to the next step, even beyond 5 or 20 percent en-richment, as Iran has gotten. 
Here is this article from Katie 
Pavlich from March 16. In part, she says: 
According to a report in The Times of 
Israel, the National Intelligence Agency de-livered a report to Congress that scraps Iran and Hezbollah from the terrorism list, citing the country’s work against ISIS as one of the reasons why. 
Mr. Speaker, if this administration is 
scrapping—taking—Iran and Hezbollah off the terrorist list, then the last thing we need this administration doing is negotiating with these terror-ists—this terrorist regime—trying to work out a deal because anybody that would say Iran and Hezbollah are not a terrorist country and terrorist organi-zation should not be negotiating any-thing for the United States of America, where the vast bulk—thank God—of the American people do not want to support, lend credence to, or in any way help terrorist countries or a ter-rorist organization like Hezbollah. 
It goes ahead and quotes from the 
National Intelligence Agency report from The Times of Israel and then has Ms. Pavlich’s question: 
Is ISIS a threat? Absolutely. Should we 
align ourselves with or appease Iran because of their work against ISIS? Absolutely not. 
As a reminder, Hezbollah, funded by Iran, 
is the largest terror organization in the world. Before 9/11, Hezbollah, not al Qaeda, was responsible for the majority of U.S. ter-rorism deaths, including the 1983 bombings of U.S. Marine barracks and U.S. Embassy in Beirut, in addition to a series of attacks in the 1980s. 
Hezbollah is also responsible for countless 
attacks on Israel. In 1992, Hezbollah, with help from Iran, bombed the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires. In 1994, they bombed the Jewish community center in the same South American city. 
Those are just a handful of examples that 
don’t even account for the thousands of rockets Hezbollah has launched into Israel throughout the years. 
So what’s going on here? Why strip 
Hezbollah and its funding parent Iran from the terrorism label? Especially now? It all points back to getting President Obama his deal with Iran at all costs. This reclassification of Iran and Hezbollah 
without the terrorism label is a certain warning sign the deal the White House is working on to appease the rogue regime does not have the best interests of the United States as a top priority. 
Since, apparently, this administra-
tion is not aware, I would hope, Mr. Speaker, our colleagues here in Con-gress would want to be aware of what the administration isn’t. Maybe that comes from not reading the intel-ligence reports, but you don’t even have to get an intelligence report from an intelligence agency. 
This, for example, comes from the 
Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America, and it is a timeline for Hezbollah violence. 
1982, Israel invades Lebanon to drive out 
the PLO’s terrorist army, which had fre-quently attacked Israel from its informal ‘‘state within a state’’ in southern Lebanon. 
Hezbollah, a Shiite group inspired by the 
teachings and revolution of Iran’s Ayatollah Khomeini, is created with the assistance of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps. 
The group is called Hezbollah, or ‘‘party of 
God’’ after initially taking responsibility for attacks under the name ‘‘Islamic jihad.’’ 
Some thought that was the Repub-
lican Party, but actually it is Hezbollah that is the party of God. 
b1830 
In July of 1982, the president of American 
University in Beirut, Davis S. Dodge, is kid-napped. Hezbollah is believed to be behind this and most of the other 30 Westerners kid-napped over the next 10 years. 
April 18, 1983, Hezbollah attacks the U.S. 
Embassy in Beirut with a car bomb, killing 63 people, 17 of whom were American citi-zens. 
October 23, 1983, the group attacks a U.S. 
Marine barracks with a truck bomb, killing 241 American military personnel stationed in Beirut as part of the peacekeeping force. A separate attack against the French military compound in Beirut kills 58. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I understand that, 
to the Obama administration, the kill-ing of all these marines, the killing of all these American citizens in Beirut, and the kidnapping of Americans and other diplomats by Hezbollah would be considered workplace violence. I get that. But to most people in America, they understand these are acts of sheer terrorism, and they need to be called what they are. 
September of 1984, the group attacks the 
U.S. Embassy annex in Beirut with a car bomb, killing two Americans and 22 others. 
More workplace violence. 
March of 1984, William F. Buckley, a CIA 
operative working at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, is kidnapped and later murdered. 
April of 1984, Hezbollah attacks a res-
taurant near the U.S. Air Force Base in Spain. The bombing kills 18 U.S. servicemen, injuries 83. 
December of ’84, Hezbollah terrorists hi-
jack a Kuwait Airlines plane. Four pas-sengers are murdered, including two Ameri-cans. 
I don’t see how this administration 
would be able to classify that hijacking and murders as workplace violence, but you never know. 
February 1985, Hezbollah publicizes its 
manifesto. It notes that the group’s struggle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.072 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1711 March 17, 2015 
will continue until Israel is destroyed and re-
jects any cease-fire or peace treaty with Israel. The document also attacks the U.S. and France. 
June 1985, Hezbollah terrorists attack TWA 
Flight 847. The hijackers severely beat pas-senger Robert Stethem, a U.S. Navy diver, before killing him and dumping his body onto the tarmac at the Beirut airport. Other passengers are held hostage before being re-leased on June 30. 
I am hoping, Mr. Speaker, that many 
Americans will remember these events and know how strongly we felt about the terrorism being carried out by Hezbollah, that this administration would like to call a peace-seeking orga-nization. Yeah, it is a peace-seeking or-ganization, just like a heat-seeking missile is a peacekeeping missile. They will blow up anything that they can get ahold of that is American. 
December ’86, under the alias of Organiza-
tion of Oppressed on Earth, Hezbollah an-nounces it had kidnapped and murdered three Lebanese Jews. The organization pre-viously had taken responsibility for killing four other Jews since 1984. 
February of ’88, Hezbollah kidnaps Colonel 
William Higgins, a U.S. Marine serving with a U.N. truce-monitoring group in Lebanon, and murders him. 
October of ’89, members of the dissolved 
Lebanese Parliament ratify the Taif Agree-ment. Although the agreement calls for the disbanding of all Lebanese and non-Lebanese militias, Hezbollah remains active. 
February ’92, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah 
takes over Hezbollah after Israel kills the group’s leader, Abbas Musawi. 
March of ’92, with the help of Iranian intel-
ligence, Hezbollah bombs the Israeli Em-bassy in Buenos Aires, killing 29, injuring over 200. 
July 1994, Hezbollah bombs the Jewish 
Community Center in Buenos Aires, again with Iranian help, killing 86 and injuring over 200. 
November 1995, Hezbollah bombards towns 
in northern Israel with volleys of Katyusha rockets in one of the group’s numerous at-tacks on Israeli civilians. 
March ’96, Hezbollah fires 28 Katyusha 
rockets into northern Israeli towns. A week later, the group fires 16 rockets, injuring 36 Israelis. Israel responds with a major offen-sive known as the ‘‘Grapes of Wrath’’ oper-ation to stop Hezbollah rocket fire. 
August 1997, Hezbollah opened fire on 
northern Israel with dozens of rockets in one of the group’s numerous attacks on Israeli civilians. 
October of ’97, the United States lists 
Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. 
And parenthetically, we might in-
sert, this is October of 1997. This is the Clinton administration. This is the Clinton administration that heard cries of Muslims in other parts of the world, and it seemed that, despite the fact that the Clinton administration rushed, sent military to assist Muslims in other parts of the world, all the while, Islamic terrorists were plotting to blow up the World Trade Centers by sending planes crashing into them. 
Now, it would seem, if these were 
peace-seeking organizations, like Hezbollah, like the Nation of Iran, the administration of that nation, at least they would take note that, gee, the Clinton administration is reaching out every way they can to help Muslims in the world, and we should take note of 
that and ease up. 
But that was not happening, not by a 
terrorist group like Hezbollah. In fact, in May of 1999, Hezbollah opens fire on northern Israel with dozens of rockets in one of the group’s numerous attacks on Israeli civilians. 
June of ’99, Hezbollah opens fire on north-
ern Israel, killing two. 
May of 2000, Israel withdraws troops from 
Lebanon after 18 years of patrolling the ‘‘se-curity zone,’’ a strip of land in the south of the country. The security zone was set up to prevent attacks on northern Israel. 
June of 2000, U.N. Secretary General Kofi 
Annan certifies Israel’s withdrawal from Lebanon. Shortly thereafter, the U.N. Secu-rity Council endorses Annan’s report. Hezbollah, nonetheless, alleges Israel occu-pies Lebanon, claiming the small Shebaa Farms area Israel captured from Syria dur-ing the 1967 war as Lebanese territory. 
It seems Hezbollah was so intent on 
being a terrorist organization, even when Israel handed over land that it was claiming, they still were not con-tent. They wanted terrorism; and, ac-tually, they want Israel and the United States eliminated. 
October of 2000, Hezbollah attacks Israel 
military posts and raids Israel, kidnapping three Israeli soldiers. 
March 2001, the British Government adds 
Hezbollah’s ‘‘military wing’’ to its list of outlawed terrorist organizations. 
April 2002, Hezbollah launches Katyushas 
into northern Israeli town, and the assault comes amidst almost daily Hezbollah at-tacks against Israeli troops in Shebaa Farms. 
December 2002, Canada lists Hezbollah as a 
terrorist organization. 
August 2003, Hezbollah shells and kills 16- 
year-old Israeli boy, wounds others. 
June 2003, Australia lists Hezbollah’s 
‘‘military wing’’ as a terrorist organization. 
September 2004, U.N. Security Council Res-
olution 1559 calls for the ‘‘disbanding and disarmament of all Lebanese and non-Leba-nese militias,’’ a reference to Hezbollah. 
December 2004, both the United States and 
France bans Hezbollah’s satellite television network, Al-Manar. A U.S. State Depart-ment spokesman notes the channel ‘‘preaches violence and hatred.’’ 
March 2005, the European Parliament over-
whelmingly passes a resolution stating: ‘‘Parliament considers that clear evidence exists of terrorist activities by Hezbollah. The European Union Council should take all necessary steps to curtail them.’’ The Euro-pean Union, nonetheless, refrains from plac-ing the group on its list of terrorist organi-zations. 
July of 2006, Hezbollah attacks Israel with 
Katyushas, crosses the border, kidnaps two Israeli soldiers. Three Israeli soldiers are killed in the initial attack. Five more sol-diers are killed as Israel launches an oper-ation to rescue the soldiers and push Hezbollah from its border. And during the ensuing war, Hezbollah launches rockets at civilian targets. 
August 2006, the United Nations Security 
Council unanimously adopts Resolution 1701, which calls for a cessation of hostilities, the deployment of Lebanese and U.N. forces into southern Lebanon, and the disarmament of armed groups in Lebanon. 
So anybody in this administration 
here in the U.S. or elsewhere who thinks that Hezbollah is not a terrorist organization then clearly thinks that every place that Hezbollah has killed 
innocent people is just another work-place where violence occurred, a ran-dom act of violence or violence in the workplace, because it is insane to think that Iran is not a sponsor of ter-rorism, that Iran has not killed more Americans than any other country in the last 15 years. It is incredible. That is outside of 9/11, the killing of approxi-mately 3,000 Americans on 9/11 between the Pentagon and New York City. 
But as far as American servicemem-
bers fighting in Iraq, it was Iran who was behind the killing of most of those American servicemembers. Iran has fought vehemently to eliminate the United States’ presence from Iraq. 
I think if we could get to the bottom 
of why there was not a status of forces agreement, you would find that it is because the Ayatollah Khomeini, Ahmadinejad, President at the time, said they believed that the twelfth imam, the Mahdi, would come, would arise back to power, would come to power amidst chaos. 
As I understand their beliefs and 
their beliefs in prophecy, he would first come to reign from the town of Kufa, which the way the lines were drawn in the 20th century put Kufa in Iraq. 
Unfortunately, the State Depart-
ment, the Justice Department, the in-telligence agencies under the Obama administration have had their training materials regarding the beliefs of rad-ical Islamists purged, so they are not allowed to learn exactly what our enemy believes and what they have be-lieved, and so it is hard for them to an-ticipate what our enemies want to do. And perhaps all the purging has helped lead this administration to the idea that if we purge all the educational material about what radical Islamists believe, then maybe it won’t be actual and factual. 
b1845 
Yet the New York Post says: ‘‘ISIS 
Accepts Boko Haram’s Pledge of Alle-giance.’’ 
We had an article in the last recent 
weeks where a Catholic bishop from Ni-geria had indicated that the Obama ad-ministration basically was indicating that if Nigeria did not amend their marriage laws to go against the laws of nature and nature’s god, as Christians believe and as the Bible teaches, then the Obama administration would not help them at all against the terrorist activities of Boko Haram. 
I don’t know what kind of blindness 
it takes or prejudice it takes to see the suffering in Africa, in a place like Ni-geria, and hold the hands and weep with the parents of daughters who were kidnapped by Boko Haram, and under-stand the suffering being brought against Christians for their beliefs, these Christian girls that Boko Haram has kidnapped, forced into sexual slav-ery—what kind of callousness does it take to see that suffering and say, Oh, no, if you don’t go against your reli-gious beliefs in marriage between a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.074 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1712 March 17, 2015 
man and a woman, we are not going to 
help you, and we are going to let Boko Haram continue to terrorize you and rape your women. 
You talk about a war against women. When I asked these mothers of the 
girls that were kidnapped there, Did they initially attack your daughters’ school because it was a girls’ school? they said, No, no. They hate girls. They consider them nothing. But they at-tacked the school because it is Chris-tian. 
There is a report from Investor’s 
Business Daily, March 13, that says Is-lamic State recruits could enter the United States via the Caribbean. Well, that is not really a news flash. 
Another story, written by Thomas D. 
Williams, Ph.D., March 17: ‘‘ISIS Kid-naps 20 Doctors and Nurses in Libya.’’ 
A story from Charles Spiering, 17 
March: ‘‘President Obama Blames Bush for Rise of ISIS.’’ 
Well, actually, if you want to talk 
about class, despite my disagreement with some of George W. Bush’s policies and despite what some have said, he had enough class that after 9/11 he never pointed the finger at the Clinton administration. He knew that even though 9/11 was being plotted and planned during the Clinton administra-tion and there was an opportunity in the Clinton administration to take out Osama bin Laden that was not seized upon, that there were so many things that might have been stopped along the way, he didn’t blame President Clinton because he had enough class to know that it was an attack by terrorists, and they should be made to pay. 
If you really want to point the finger, 
it would go clear back to the late sev-enties during the days I was in the United States Army and we had what was considered, under most everybody’s version of international law, an act of war against the United States in Iran when our Embassy was attacked and our people were taken hostage. And we didn’t help. 
You go back before that, to the Car-
ter administration turning its back upon the shah of Iran—not a great guy, not a good man, from what we under-stand, but he was able to keep radical Islam contained. But after the Carter administration turned its back on the shah and encouraged his overthrow, you had the coming from exile of Aya-tollah Khomeini, and President Carter welcomed him as a man of peace. As a result, radical Islam, once again, raised its ugly head, as it does from time to time. 
And it is only all-out war against 
radical Islam that puts it in a box— sometimes for 50 years, sometimes for 100 years. It depends on how staunch the fight is against them. 
But President Bush did not blame 
President Carter. There were mistakes all along the way. 
When the marine barracks in Beirut 
was hit, the Democrat-controlled Con-gress made clear that they were not going to fund any more U.S. peace-keeping troops in Beirut. Reagan 
brought them home. He should have taken them out and done whatever it took, but he didn’t. 
Now this administration, in order to 
get any deal that is a terrible deal, is willing to turn its back on the fact that Iran and Hezbollah have terrorists in their lead, and they should not be recognized as anything but terrorists. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FAST-TRACKING THE TRANS- 
PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, we are 
going to use these 30 minutes to speak to fast track and a process on trade agreements that are developed. I be-lieve it is so important for the Amer-ican public to understand exactly what fast track is all about. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TONKO. I also ask unanimous 
consent, Mr. Speaker, that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. TONKO. Tonight we are here to 
discuss, as I indicated, Trade Pro-motion Authority, most commonly known as fast track. Free trade agree-ments that would be accompanied by a fast-track process are a way to bring about devastating outcomes, if not done correctly, to the American econ-omy and, most importantly, to the American worker. 
Of late, most notably, the free trade 
agreement of which there is much con-cern expressed is the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the TPP, which, by the way, would speak to a great number of nations which encompass about 40 per-cent of the international GDP. So it is no small compact here of which we speak. 
Fast track, as a concept, would con-
strain Congress’ ability to conduct oversight, restrain oversight that Con-gress should provide so as to be the voice of the people who elect them, to place their given concerns in the dis-cussions here in the House. 
It would delegate Congress’ constitu-
tional authority over trade policy in a way that would provide for no solid de-bate, no sharply restricting debate, and it would prohibit amendments. Basi-cally, Congress would be limited to a simple up-or-down vote—thumbs up, thumbs down—on what could be a dev-astating outcome for the American economy and, most importantly, the American worker. 
These so-called free trade agreements 
have far-reaching impacts on American life. They may address dynamics like food safety or affordable medicine or fi-
nancial regulations. So we cannot be reckless in our attempt, and we must make certain that we move forward de-liberately to make certain that it is a good outcome for trade. 
We are not against trade. Free trade, 
as it has been described in the past and agreed to in the past, has hurt the economy, but we want fair trade. 
In exchange for fast-tracking bills, 
Congress is supposed to set these nego-tiating objectives. But let’s face it: sadly, these objectives are nonbinding, so they could be rendered meaningless. And in the case of the TPP, which is nearly completed, setting them at this point is somewhat late in the process. 
We know also that the TPP is going 
to model itself after NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement that dealt with Canada and Mexico, and also the Korean agreement. And the bottom line is, those deals have not been good for the American middle class, for working families. 
Certainly we would be giving up a 
golden opportunity to exercise our re-sponsibilities here in Congress to make certain it is the best outcome for America. 
Promises of new jobs here in the U.S. 
are one of those promises for which we take great concern. 
Decreased trade deficits—it can be 
said that trade deficits have provided the greatest dent in the American economy. There are huge deficits that have staggered the efforts to grow American jobs and improve labor and environmental standards. These are promises that have failed: jobs to be produced, environmental standards and labor standards never really come to be. Even if they are written on paper with the enforcement requirements, they have not reached their potential. And certainly the job count is not what it should be. 
As we lost manufacturing jobs, mil-
lions of manufacturing jobs, one in every four manufacturing jobs, it was a devastating outcome. Three of every five American workers who lost those manufacturing jobs ended up with pay cuts, and one of three of those in the three-out-of-five category ended up with more than 20 percent of a pay-check reduction. 
This is not what we want in the order 
of progressive policies that will speak to a stronger economy. So I have grave concern for the fast-track process. 
Those joining us tonight and those 
like the gentlewoman from New York, Representative S
LAUGHTER , who will 
share her thoughts in writing, which will be incorporated in the annals of these proceedings, for this Special Order, these are Members who are very concerned. 
And chief amongst them, the one who 
has led us in this effort to draw public awareness and political attention to this issue, is none other than Rep-resentative R
OSA DELAURO , our col-
league from Connecticut, who has done a solid job in bringing to everyone’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.079 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1713 March 17, 2015 
awareness, attention, that the fast- 
track process is the first step in a proc-ess that could be devastating, as we au-thorize this Trans-Pacific Partnership, with the potential for job loss that we can ill afford, with the potential for abuse of children in the labor force, and beckoning us to bring about a situ-ation that finds Vietnamese workers, for instance, working for 50 to 55 cents, 56 cents, perhaps, an hour. It is dumbing down, it is weakening the workforce across the world as we lose these American jobs. 
So Representative D
ELAURO , it is 
great to have you on the floor. It is great to have you join us in this Spe-cial Order. Please share with us your passion, your concern for what could happen here to the American worker. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Thank you so much. I 
want to thank my colleague from New York for leading this effort tonight and for being shoulder-to-shoulder with so many of us, both inside the House of Representatives and in the large, vast coalition that is outside of the House of Representatives that says ‘‘no’’ to fast track; we are not going to do this. 
So I applaud you and all of your ef-
forts, and for standing up here on the floor most nights and talking about this issue so that the American public knows what is going on here because it is our responsibility to let them know. 
They are not following fast-track 
Trade Promotion Authority or the Trans-Pacific Partnership every single day the way we are. But it is our re-sponsibility to know how, in fact, it is going to affect their lives. 
I would also say to you that I know 
you and I know so many of our other colleagues, we are not opposed to trade. We are not. We are in favor of fair trade. That is what we are about. 
I believe you are—and I am—a strong 
proponent of the Export-Import Bank. It helped American business to com-pete around the world for 70 years. That is the kind of trade policy that we need. Reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank for another 7 years before its charter ex-pires in June. 
What we must not do is to sign up to 
yet another bad free trade agreement, a deal that subjects American workers to competition that is neither free nor fair. And far too many of these trade agreements—particularly, as you pointed out, in the last 20 years—have done nothing but deepen our trade def-icit, lower our wages, and send Amer-ican jobs overseas. 
An example: 3 years ago, we signed 
the U.S.-Korea free trade agreement with the bells and ruffles, the ruffle of drums and all of this effort that we are going to create jobs, increase wages. Yes, we are going to have more ex-ports. 
b1900 
Well, you have got to know how to 
add and you have to know how to sub-tract. We have got exports, but look at the flow of imports which is hurting American workers. Since this trade agreement 3 years 
ago, our trade deficit with South Korea has gone up 71 percent; and given the administration and the way they cal-culate the job loss, using their metrics, we are talking about 74,000 American jobs. The Trans-Pacific Partnership is built on that template of the U.S.- Korea free trade agreement, so it fol-lows the same failed model, but it is on a much, much larger scale. It forces our manufacturing and technology base into unfair and unequal competi-tion with other nations throughout the Asia Pacific region. 
There are 11 countries. So as you 
pointed out, it pits good-paying Amer-ican jobs against Vietnamese workers who make 56 cents an hour. It asks American exporters to compete against Japanese producers who are propped up by currency manipulation, an abuse that has cost our economy almost 6 million jobs in 2013 alone. 
What happened? These countries— 
Japan, Singapore, and China—devalu-ate their currency. Their goods become cheaper; ours are more expensive. It puts us at a serious disadvantage. As you know, my colleague, this trade agreement contains nothing that would disallow currency manipulation. We have been told by the administration that there will not be a currency chap-ter in this bill. So we are going to go down the road where these countries can continue to put our workers and our products at a disadvantage. 
You have a predictable pattern here: 
cheap, foreign products flow in, Amer-ican jobs flow out, and our wages are on a downward spiral. The ill effects don’t stop there. Most of the TPP’s 29 chapters are not about trade at all. They are about rolling back laws in a way that plays directly into the hands of Big Business. 
The former director of the National 
Economic Council, Larry Summers, has highlighted corporate efforts to use the Trans-Pacific Partnership to ‘‘change health and safety regulations, extend and strengthen patent protec-tions, and deregulate financial serv-ices.’’ We know that Larry Summers, former Secretary of the Treasury, Na-tional Economic Council, is no leftwing radical. That is the way they would like to portray those of us who oppose TPP. He is a thoughtful individual. That is the conclusion he comes to: it changes health and safety regulations, extends and strengthens patent protec-tions, and deregulates financial serv-ices. 
A Nobel-Prize winning economist, Jo-
seph Stiglitz, points out: 
The overall thrust of the intellectual prop-
erty section of the TPP is for less competi-tion and higher drug prices. 
TPP can weaken our environmental 
protection. It opens the door to unsafe food. It could raise the cost of medi-cines. It can make it harder to defend against financial risks. 
The truth is proponents of the TPP 
know that their economic case has failed, and lately we have heard them try another tack. They tell us that 
TPP is going to help America counter the rise of Chinese power in the Asia Pacific region, and if we pass TPP, we will be able to set the rules. It is ab-surd. It really is absurd. Quite frankly, if you want to do something about China, do something about currency manipulation and what China has been doing as regular policy in buying up our reserves. Currency manipulation is their policy. 
Rules that encourage offshoring, gut 
our manufacturing and our technology base, and compromise the health and safety of our consumers are not Amer-ican rules, but rules that favor big cor-porations at the expense of everyone else. 
You know as well as I do, Congress-
man T
ONKO , who is in the room and 
who is out of the room, who is in the negotiations and who is out of the ne-gotiations. There is room at the table for a long list of multinational cor-porations: Walmart, Verizon, Halli-burton, Dow, General Electric, Cater-pillar, Hershey, Boeing, AdvaMed, Du-Pont, Intel, Lockheed Martin, and many others. But do you know who is not at the table? The American work-ers are not at the table who are going to be forced to pay the price in lost jobs and low wages. And there is no room for Members of Congress. We have been systematically frozen out of the process. 
For months, I pressed to get a copy 
of the negotiating draft, and I was told it was classified, but now I have seen pieces of the text. When I got into the room with a small part of the text, I discovered that it was not classified at all, that they said it was classified, but it is classified as a confidential docu-ment. It is not secret. It doesn’t have a top-secret classification. They just don’t want us to see it. They have placed every single restriction on our ability to read this agreement front to back, to ask questions, to know who said what, what country said what, and what the U.S. position is about all of this. 
They have been working at this for 
4
1⁄2years, and now they have come be-
cause they know that fast track is in jeopardy. They know that this treaty is in jeopardy, and they say: Oh, we would like to have you read the text but it is classified, and you can’t have any staff there except for someone who has a se-curity clearance. They are holding us to a standard that the treaty does not impose. 
Let’s stop playing the games. Jobs 
are at stake. Workers have a right to know what is being done in their name. We Representatives in Congress are their representatives. We have that re-sponsibility to ensure that TPP either protects jobs or does not happen at all. 
Now, you talked about Trade Pro-
motion Authority fast track. What is it? It is a rubber stamp. It says: Okay, trust us. You can’t see the document. You can only see bits and pieces of it. It is classified, but give us fast track 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.080 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1714 March 17, 2015 
where there is no public scrutiny of the 
document, limited congressional de-bate, and no ability to amend the docu-ment at all. Just vote for us, and we will take care of your interests. 
President Reagan said trust, but 
verify. We are trying to verify. To give them that fast track authority, in my view, your view, this coalition’s view, would be a big mistake. The potential consequences of the TPP are simply too great. We cannot surrender our constitutional authority, our ability to scrutinize this agreement and to amend it. 
Working Americans are in trouble 
today. Their paychecks have been stag-nant or in decline for over 30 years. They are struggling to put food on the table and to heat their homes, let alone take a vacation or send their kids to college. Bad trade deals have played a leading role in creating this situation, bad public policy, and these trade agreements have been bad public pol-icy. 
Good, stable manufacturing jobs used 
to be a bridge to the middle class until they were sent overseas to places where labor is cheap, only to be re-placed with poorly paid service sector jobs. Workers who are laid off face an uphill battle to get rehired. If they find new jobs, three out of five are forced to work for lower wages. That is the re-ality of what happens when we sign these ill-considered free trade agree-ments. 
Why would we volunteer America and 
American workers for yet more punish-ment? Why would we do that? If we want to help the middle class, if we are for middle class economics, why would we do this? Why would we make it easi-er for Big Business to send their jobs overseas? 
The time has come. Enough is 
enough. No more low wages. No more lost jobs. No more bad trade deals. And that is where we are now. The Con-gress, the House of Representatives, has woken up. They are stirred up. They believe this is a bad deal. They haven’t been allowed to investigate it, to read it, to read the bill as the public asked us to do with the Affordable Care Act those years ago, and then they want us to put our imprimatur on this effort. That is why there is so much consternation. That is why the Mem-bers of Congress, the Members of the House of Representatives, are saying no. 
I believe we will defeat fast track be-
cause the American public doesn’t want this treaty. The American public doesn’t want to see their representa-tives unable to talk to them about it, and the Members of Congress are re-asserting their responsibility and say-ing, unless we see it, unless we read it, unless we ask the questions, unless we know who the negotiating partners are, and unless we say yes, then our answer to the administration is no. 
I thank you for organizing this. Mr. TONKO. Well, Representative 
D
ELAURO , let me just state that the people of Connecticut are so fortunate 
to have you bring your voice to this Chamber to speak so effectively and so nobly for the workers of this country. People of this country beyond Con-necticut prosper from your advocacy and your passion. We respect that. All people who are tuned into this discus-sion, those who have heard about it in other dialogue, need to call their Rep-resentatives: Where are you on fast track? 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Bingo. 
Mr. TONKO. A great number of us 
Democrats in this House have come to-gether saying we are for growing pay-checks and we want to strengthen that paycheck. We have stood for increasing the minimum wage, but we talk about the median wage. Let’s strengthen that. Let’s make certain there is an op-portunity to say: Here is how it could be better; here is what you are skip-ping. You are walking past the cur-rency manipulation issue, which is one of the biggest concerns right now. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Amen. 
Mr. TONKO. As you pointed out, 
trade deficits have put the biggest dent into the American economy, and if we continue this, those who don’t learn from history are bound to repeat it. And what we have here is an oppor-tunity to learn from history that there have been all these negative outcomes. We have flattened if not gone south with the middle class income all be-cause we have sent out of our country’s borders these sound manufacturing jobs. 
You talked about all these impacts, 
and I know where your heart is on so-cial and economic justice. What are we doing to people with the four TPP ne-gotiating partners in Vietnam, Malay-sia, Mexico, and Peru? We are using forced labor or child labor in violation of international standards as reported by the United States Department of Labor in their report of List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor. We have situations where there are not unions allowed in Vietnam, a communist country. If it is allowed, they can’t speak outside of these given standards. If they do, they are per-secuted or jailed. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Or killed. 
Mr. TONKO. Or killed. We have got 
documentation of how many union ac-tivists have been murdered and how many of those issues have been re-solved, how many of those reviews by the judicial process or whatever system in their country would prosecute. None of these—very few have been resolved. 
So it is not just the economic con-
sequences. It is the social injustice that we can allow with these contracts. 
So I thank you. I know we have been 
joined by Ms. K
APTUR . 
Ms. D ELAURO. Let me make one 
more point. Ms. K APTUR is here, and 
she has really been in the forefront of these debates and these issues for so many years, because the other side tries to portray us as, well, if you don’t want this fast track authority, what would you want? Over the years, and 
particularly over the last several months, the last year and a half, Democratic Members of the House of Representatives have written to the administration, to the USTR, that is the U.S. Trade Representative, and we have made suggestions of how we could increase congressional input into this 
process by looking at who the negoti-ating partners are, what the objectives are, the enforcement of those objec-tives, and how we have a chance to cer-tify that the objectives have been met and say yes, and then we move forward, the administration moves forward. 
We have been said no to over and 
over and over again. So, in fact, there has been no congressional input, though we have tried for a very, very long time to do that. The public needs to know that, because we just cannot have our head in the sand and just say no. 
Mr. TONKO. Absolutely. You use 
that technical term, I have used it, ‘‘currency manipulation,’’ over and over. Let’s just throw an example out there. It is a $6,000 edge for a com-peting automobile imported into this Nation against what is produced by our home-driven auto industry. 
b1915 
Well, that is going to upset the whole 
economy. It is going to impact con-sumers. 
So currency manipulation is given a 
$6,000 edge. It is like giving them a check saying: Put more conditions or more opportunities into the consumer’s pocket to buy more features on a car. 
Of course, $6,000 is going to speak to 
their senses, so we need currency ma-nipulation to provide for fair trade. As you indicated, we are all for trade but not this manipulation that has hurt the American working families. 
We have Representative K
APTUR  
here, and I believe we have about 5 minutes remaining. 
Representative K
APTUR , I yield to 
you to share your thoughts because this is so important an issue. 
Again, I thank both of my colleagues 
for joining us here this evening and Representative S
LAUGHTER for sending 
in written comment that can be incor-porated. Thank you, Representative D
ELAURO . 
Representative K APTUR , please share 
with us your thoughts. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Thank you very much, 
Congressman T ONKO . Thank you for 
your leadership and bringing us to the floor. As Congresswoman D
ELAURO  
completes her remarks, I just want to thank her for leading all of us in this great quest to move toward trade agreements that create jobs in our country and trade balances rather than trade deficits. 
I thought that if I could contribute 
anything to the conversation when this administration or any administration says, Well, what do you want, I can tell you what we don’t want. 
We don’t want agreements like this. 
This was the agreement with Korea 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.081 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1715 March 17, 2015 
where they said that the United States 
would be getting the ability to ship all these cars over to Korea. 
What actually happened was the re-
verse. We get a trickle in there; they get a deluge in here. Our trade deficit with Korea has gone up 84 percent since the agreement was signed. 
We say to the administration: Give 
us a trade agreement that gives Amer-ica not just a trade balance, which would mean we wouldn’t lose any jobs, but a trade surplus, not a trade deficit, which costs us 5,000 jobs for every bil-lion dollars of trade deficit. 
We want balanced agreements; we 
want agreements in surplus, not in def-icit. Every American knows what I am talking about. They have experienced it in their own communities. 
The other thing we want is we, as a 
Congress, want the ability, when an agreement deals with so many different aspects, to treat trade like a treaty, not an agreement that is sent up here and we are told, You can’t amend it, you can’t read it actually, everything is in secret, the administration is com-ing up here this week, and everything is in secret, but we don’t get to see the whole agreement. 
I guess we look through a keyhole, 
and we can see 10 words or something. That isn’t the way this country should conduct business. My own feeling is: Until we fix what is wrong with past agreements like the Korea agreement, why should we sign any more? 
I have many stories I am going to put 
in the R
ECORD tonight, Congressman 
TONKO , about people in Ohio who have 
lost their jobs due to these backward trade agreements that ship our jobs out, not our products. 
I want to thank you for helping to be 
here tonight, long after hours—you don’t have to be here, but you are—try-ing to say to the American people this is really important. We understand what the American people are saying to us; we are trying to fight for them here in Washington. 
How fortunate are the people of New 
York who have sent you here and that you are nobly carrying their cause against very, very powerful forces on the face of the globe that really don’t care what happens to the people of the United States. They have a much nar-rower agenda. They really don’t care about liberty when it comes right down to it. 
Thank you for holding to a higher 
standard and for trying to heal our country and to create jobs in America and opportunity in America and re-spect for liberty on the face of this Earth first because that is what Amer-ica is supposed to be about. 
I don’t want to take up the remain-
ing time. I want to make sure you have opportunity to conclude. 
Mr. TONKO. You are fine, Represent-
ative K
APTUR . I thank you for contrib-
uting, as you always do in such mean-ingful measure. 
I think you agree with me—I am cer-
tain you do—that Congress and the American workers deserve a meaning-
ful role in these debates to make sure that our trade policy reflects our val-ues as a country, as a people; and those include middle class prosperity, work-ers’ rights, consumer safety, and envi-ronmental sustainability. 
When we have those rights guaran-
teed, when we have those ideals pro-tected and advanced and enhanced, we are a great, great nation that comes out of trade negotiations even more powerful. 
We are a great nation; we need to 
stay great. We can’t give away all of these golden opportunities simply by trade agreements that are unfair that provide an unlevel playing field for the American worker. 
It is about those values that we are 
meeting tonight, speaking tonight, ad-vocating tonight, and encouraging that hope be brought to each and every worker and working family out there across this great Nation in a way that reflects a sound bit of dialogue on this House floor. 
Ms. KAPTUR. This is one of the most 
important elements of America’s eco-nomic policy, and we are at a critical moment to change what was wrong in the past. 
We have an opportunity to fix these 
trade agreements and to reshape the way we handle trade with the world, beginning with those partners who share our value of liberty and then in-viting in other nations of the world that want opportunity for their people and they want a chance for rising liv-ing standards, not to be turned into worse sweatshops with no environ-mental standards, with no worker standards, with no hope for a better way of life, just moving from one ex-ploitative country to another exploita-tive country. 
I compliment you for standing up for 
the highest values of this Republic. I know the American people are going to win this fight because they have suf-fered far too long the job devastation from coast to coast. For the sake of workers in other places in the world, we are standing up for their opportuni-ties and their rights as well. 
I am so privileged to join you this 
evening. Thank you for setting aside time for this Special Order tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to join my 
colleagues in showing why Members of Con-gress must have an opportunity to weigh in on provisions included in the free trade deals cur-rently under negotiation. 
SECRECY OF TRADE NEGOTIATIONS  
Negotiations of the Trans Pacific Partner-
ship and the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Invest-ment Partnership have been notoriously secre-tive. Despite the calls from hundreds of Mem-bers of Congress to the US Trade Represent-ative to protest the needless secrecy of TPP, we continue to be denied basic access to the deal. And those few who have been granted access have been restricted from sharing any part of the agreement with their constituents or expert staff 
Tomorrow, the Administration will come to 
Capitol Hill to brief Members, but the con-versation remains closed. Staffers without a 
security clearance are excluded and, again, disclosure of the terms of this deal to our con-stituents is prohibited under threat of federal prosecution. All this while foreign nations have the text of the provisions and know exactly what is included and what is excluded. 
The American people are being left in the 
dark with these negotiations. They are the very same people who have suffered the most as a result of past free trade deals negotiated in the same way: in secret. 
PERSONAL STORIES  
Tonight, I want to share a few personal sto-
ries of people from my district, people whose lives were uprooted and thrown into turmoil as a result of past free trade deals. These deals lacked sufficient worker and labor protections and ushered in a wave of offshoring of Amer-ican jobs. 
MR. CHUCK HAMAIDE ’S STORY  
I’ll begin with Mr. Chuck Hamaide, a resi-
dent of Vermilion, Ohio. In December 2000, at 50 years old, Mr. Hamaide was laid off from his job at a software company in Cleveland. He found another job at a Columbus com-pany, which had recently outsourced a first wave of production to Mexico. Three years later, it outsourced the remainder of its do-mestic production to China. 
Mr. Hamaide was lucky. He saw the writing 
on the wall and began the search for a new job before he was laid off. Many of his co- workers were not as lucky. Many who were late in their careers were laid off, losing their paychecks and their livelihoods. Many were in their fifties and faced the stigma of elder dis-crimination as they sought new employment. 
Many did not find jobs to replace the ones 
that were shipped overseas, where labor is cheap and conditions are appalling. This is the legacy of free trade deals in America. And there are many more stories like it. 
GLORIA ’S PERSONAL STORY  
Gloria, a bright 17 year old from Huron, 
Ohio, wrote to tell me her family’s story, a story that is not unique. Gloria’s father worked for General Motor, then Delphi, and Kyklos Bearing International for 41 years. He clocked 12 hour shifts, seven days a week. Despite years of dedication, his pay was recently cut and the factory where he works is under threat of closure. 
His company may be able to offer him a re-
placement job—but it will be at another fac-tory, 100 miles away from his home and his family. Whether or not Gloria’s father takes the job, he and his family will suffer. 
Gloria shared with me her concern about 
her own future: she will soon go to college and fears she will not be able to find a job once she graduates. She worries that she will not be able to support herself and that she will have to live on welfare, despite ample motiva-tion and capability on her part. This is the leg-acy of free trade deals in America. 
MIDDLE AMERICA HURT THE HARDEST BY FREE TRADE  
These fears are the repercussions ema-
nating throughout Middle America. A new gen-eration of younger Americans, many of whom witnessed their parents being downsized and outsourced, is now entering the workforce with little hope of stability and opportunity. The American dream is looks more and more like a pipe dream to them. 
These free trade deals lead to outsourced 
jobs and fewer opportunities for young people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MR7.083 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1716 March 17, 2015 
like Gloria who are about to enter the labor 
market. And they contribute to lower wages for hardworking people like Gloria’s father, who dedicated their lives to their jobs and the in-dustries in which they worked. 
From the little we know from past trade 
deals and the shroud of secrecy being kept around the TPP and TTIP, we have to assume that these deals will be equally devastating for American workers like Chuck and future work-ers like Gloria. 
The fact that these deals are so veiled in 
secrecy is unsettling, but the real economic danger comes in the form of trade promotion authority. This so-called ‘‘fast track’’ authority would compel Congress to vote on these mas-sive trade deals within just a few weeks of 
being allowed to read them, without any op-portunity to push for important changes includ-ing improvements to environmental and labor standards. I can imagine reasons why trade supporters would want to fast track a secret trade deal, but none of them involve the be-nevolent treatment of American workers or in-creasing the market value of their labor. 
KORUS ANNIVERSARY  
This week the Korea-U.S. Free Trade 
Agreement passed its third year in effect. I would like to remind everyone that it was sold to us on a promise of ‘‘more exports, more jobs.’’ In truth, we have seen exactly the oppo-site since the deal went into effect. U.S. ex-ports to Korea have fallen and imports have surged. 
Our overall trade deficit with Korea is 84 
percent higher than it was the year before the agreement was signed, an increase of 12.7 billion dollars. A large portion of that increase comes from manufacturing imports, especially passenger vehicles. 
Yes, auto exports to Korea are up an esti-
mated 23,000 cars from a pre-KORUS number of around 15,000. The bad news is that the U.S. imported 450,000 more passenger cars over the same period. This works out to an-other 5.7 billion dollars or 36 percent alone for our auto trade deficit with Korea. That means more than lost profits for U.S. companies; it also means lost wages and lost jobs for thou-sands of U.S. workers. 
Let me also remind everyone that the Ko-
rean trade agreement is the model for the much larger Trans Pacific Partnership that re-mains shrouded in secrecy. 
Gloria put it perfectly in her letter: ‘‘America 
has seemingly given up.’’ Is this what we want our young people to think? That we no longer care, that we are no longer committed to offer-ing them a better future? 
Lost jobs and downward pressure on wages 
are the legacy of trade in America, and we owe it to these young people to do better. We owe it to them to protect the American econ-omy, to protect American jobs and to protect the middle class. We have a chance to show them that we haven’t given up, and that we’ve learned from past mistakes, like NAFTA and KORUS. We can do this by putting an end to unfair free trade deals, and negotiating fair trade deals that work for everyone, including American workers. 
We owe it to the next generation to build a 
new legacy for American trade. There are mu-tual gains to be had if the free people of the world can work together, maintaining real labor and environmental standards and show-ing the world a better, and freer, way to live and work. We have seen glimpses of what this can look like, but for decades, when push comes to shove, our leaders have decided to balk and cave, letting false promises and voo-
doo economics drive the selling out of Amer-ican workers time and again. We need to de-mand more of this administration and the mas-sive global trade deals it strives to enact. We need real transparency and real standards or we need to say no more to terrible trade! 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you so much, 
Representative K
APTUR . 
Let’s move forward with socio-
economic environmental justice, where we can grow this Nation and job oppor-tunities and undo those trade deficits. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to 
thank Mr. T
ONKO for the time to discuss the 
troubling issue of ‘‘fast track’’ trade authority. 
President Obama and some of our Repub-
lican colleagues want to use this process to ensure that the massive Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, or TPP, trade deal is passed quickly and without input from Congress. Under this au-thority, we would have to vote on this far- reaching trade agreement that has been nego-tiated in secret without the ability to offer amendments or engage in meaningful debate. 
Considering the TPP under fast track au-
thority is simply another symptom of this closed Congress, where we have been de-prived of our authority and responsibility to protect our constituents. And if past trade deals are any indication, American workers and manufacturers need our help now more than ever before. For as long as the United States has been signing free trade agree-ments, we have watched helplessly as quality, middle class jobs have flowed overseas. Quite frankly, over my career, I have never seen a trade agreement that benefited the American worker or the American manufacturer. 
I come from a district that has been dev-
astated by short-sighted trade agreements like NAFTA, CAFTA, and recent agreements with Korea and Colombia. It is estimated that since NAFTA went into effect, the United States has lost 5 million manufacturing jobs. In the Roch-ester area alone, we have only half the manu-facturing jobs that we did then. 
Our economy simply cannot afford another 
NAFTA-style, job-killing trade agreement, which is exactly what the Trans-Pacific Part-nership is. 
I have great confidence in the American 
worker and American businesses to compete and succeed in the global marketplace if given a fair and level playing field. For generations, our country has shown that hard work and in-genuity are the engines of progress and eco-nomic prosperity. Innovations that shaped the 21st century economy were conceived and produced here in the United States, many in Rochester I might add. 
In return for allowing other countries to ben-
efit from our hard work and innovation, Amer-ica was rewarded with a strong middle class. 
But other countries have taken advantage of 
us, and we have to stand strong against them. American workers should not be forced to compete against workers in countries like Viet-nam where wages are as low as 50 cents per hour. 
We need to level the economic playing field 
and stop jobs from being shipped overseas. We’re not going to do that by enacting fast track and allowing more poorly conceived trade agreements like the TPP to decimate our economy. 
Congress cannot afford to give this adminis-
tration—or any future one—the benefit of the doubt by passing fast track authority. By now, it should be clear that a closed legislative 
process isn’t good for Congress or the Amer-ican people. I firmly oppose fast track authority and I urge my colleagues to stand up for our constituents before it’s too late. 
f 
RESIGNATIONS AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, AND COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tions as a member of the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on the Budget, and the Committee on House Administration: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 17, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER BOEHNER , Effective today I 
hereby resign from my assignments to the House Committee on Ways & Means, House Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
Respectfully, 
A
ARON SCHOCK , 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignations are accept-ed. 
There was no objection. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC. 
MR. TOMPRICE OF GEORGIA . Mr. Speaker, 
section 3(h) of House Resolution 5 requires the concurrent resolution on the budget to include a section related to means-tested and non-means-tested direct spending pro-grams. Section 3(h) of House Resolution 5 also requires the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to submit a statement in the Congressional Record defining those terms prior to the consideration of such concurrent resolution on the budget. 
Enclosed please find two tables prepared in 
order to fulfill this requirement. I have also included a communication and associated ta-bles from the Director of the Congressional Budget Office, with whom I have consulted in the preparation of this material. While the non-means-tested list is not exhaustive, all programs not considered means-tested can be considered non-means-tested direct spending. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, March 13, 2015. 
Re Spending for Means-Tested Programs. 
Hon. T OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of 
Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : As you requested, en-
closed are two tables that show federal spending for each of the government’s major mandatory spending programs and tax cred-its that are primarily means-tested (that is, spending programs and tax credits that pro-vide cash payments or other forms of assist-ance to people with relatively low income or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Mar 24, 2015 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H17MR5.REC H17MR5emcdonald on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1717 March 17, 2015 
few assets). Table 1 shows the Congressional 
Budget Office’s January 2015 baseline projec-tions for the 2015–2025 period; Table 2 shows historical spending data from 2005 through 2014, along with CBO’s estimates for 2015. 
The tables also include a line showing 
total spending for mandatory programs that are primarily not means-tested. Some of those programs have means-tested compo-nents (for example, student loans), but the tables do not show separate entries for such programs. They also do not include means- tested programs that are discretionary (for example, the Section 8 housing assistance programs and the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program). However, the tables show discretionary spending for the Pell Grant program as a memorandum item be-cause that program has both discretionary and mandatory components and the amount 
of the mandatory Pell Grant component de-pends in part on the annual amount of dis-cretionary funding. 
In the projections that CBO published in 
The Budget and Economic Outlook: 2015 to 2025 in January 2015, mandatory outlays for means-tested programs are projected to grow over the next decade at an average annual rate of 4.6 percent, compared with an average rate of 5.5 percent for non-means-tested pro-grams, which include, for example, Social Security, most of Medicare, and civilian and military retirement programs (see Table 1).
1 
Overall, the growth rates projected for 
total mandatory spending over the coming decade are slower than those experienced in the past 10 years—by a little less than one- half percentage point per year, on average. Projected growth from 2016 to 2025 is slightly higher for non-means-tested programs (which will have grown at an average rate of 5.4 percent from 2006 to 2015, CBO estimates), but much lower for means-tested programs (which will have grown at an average rate of 6.8 percent from 2006 to 2015, by CBO’s esti-mate; see Table 2). 
A number of programs shown in Tables 1 
and 2 have been or are scheduled to be sig-nificantly affected by changes in law, the most recent recession, and the continuing re-covery. As a result, important aspects of the programs in the future may differ signifi-cantly from historical experience, and those differences may be the source of some of the variation between the growth rates in the 
past 10 years and those in the coming decade. For example, spending for Medicaid, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), subsidies for health insurance purchased through an exchange, the Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Program (SNAP), and the refundable portions of the earned income and child tax credits has been or will be signifi-cantly affected by program changes that un-fold over time: 
Medicaid spending shot up by 35 percent 
from 2008 to 2010, during the most recent re-cession. After dropping off a bit in the fol-lowing few years, it has been boosted by the expansion of Medicaid coverage under the Affordable Care Act. As that expansion has been phased in, spending for the program in-creased by 14 percent last year and is pro-jected to rise by 11 percent in 2015. Under 
current law, the rate of growth in Medicaid spending will decline through 2018, CBO projects, after which it will level off at a rate of roughly 5.5 percent per year through the end of the projection period. 
Spending authority for the CHIP program 
expires at the end of fiscal year 2015. Con-sistent with statutory guidelines, CBO as-sumes in its baseline spending projections that annual funding for the program after 2015 will continue at $5.7 billion.
2As a result, 
in CBO’s baseline, spending for CHIP is pro-jected to drop from $11 billion in 2016 to about $6 billion in subsequent years; it had grown from $5 billion to $10 billion from 2005 to 2015. 
Payments of subsidies for health insurance 
purchased through an exchange began in January 2014 and are projected to grow rap-idly between 2015 and 2018, largely as a result of significant growth in enrollment. CBO and the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation project annual growth will average about 4 percent between 2019 and 2025. 
SNAP spending increased markedly during 
the most recent recession—roughly doubling between 2008 and 2011—as more people be-came eligible for those benefits. In addition, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) raised the maximum ben-efit under that program; subsequent legisla-tion eliminated that increase as of October 31, 2013. The program’s caseload peaked in 2014, and CBO expects that it will fall in each year of the projection period as the economy 
continues to improve. As a result, spending for SNAP is projected to decline slightly over the next several years, after growing by an average of 9 percent per year over the 2006–2015 period. 
Outlays for the earned income and child 
tax credits rose by almost 40 percent from 2007 to 2008 and have grown slowly since then. They are expected to dip after 2018 be-cause provisions expanding the refundability of those credits (which were originally en-acted in ARRA and were subsequently ex-tended) are scheduled to expire on December 31, 2017.
3In 2025, those outlays are projected 
to be about what they were in 2014. 
Finally, because of the unique budgetary 
treatment of the Pell Grant program—which has both mandatory and discretionary com-ponents—the growth rates for the mandatory portion of that program give incomplete in-formation. The bulk of the funding for Pell grants is provided annually in appropriation acts and thus is discretionary. In recent years, spending for Pell grants also has in-cluded two mandatory components, which have allowed the discretionary budget au-thority provided by the regular appropria-tion acts to remain well below the full cost of the program. 
In keeping with procedures that govern 
CBO’s baseline, the projection for the discre-tionary portion of the Pell Grant program is based on the budget authority appropriated for fiscal year 2015, adjusted for inflation. (Discretionary spending for the program is shown as a memorandum item in both ta-bles.) Thus, the baseline projection for both discretionary and mandatory spending for Pell grants does not represent an estimate of the expected future costs of the program; such a projection also would take into ac-count such factors as changes in eligibility and enrollment. 
I hope that you find this information help-
ful. If you have any further questions, please contact me or my staff. The primary staff contact is Barry Blom. 
Sincerely, 
D
OUGLAS W. E LMENDORF , 
Director. 
Enclosure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.035 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1718 March 17, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.037 H17MRPT1
Insert offset folio 1061/6 here EH17MR15.001rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Table 1. 
Mandatory Outlays in CBO's January 2015 Baseline 
(Outlays by fiscal year, billions of dollars) 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 
Means-Tested Programs 
Health Care Programs 
Medicaid 335 360 384 405 428 452 477 503 530 558 
Medicare Part D Low-Income 
Subsidies 24 28 28 28 32 34 37 44 46 46 
Health insurance subsidies•·b 28 55 75 86 89 91 97 102 105 109 
Children's Health Insurance 
Program 10 11 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 -- --Subtotal 397 454 493 524 555 584 617 656 687 719 
Income Security 
SNAP 78 78 76 75 74 74 74 73 74 74 
Supplemental Security Income 55 60 57 54 61 63 64 71 68 65 
Earned income and child tax creditsb.c 83 85 86 87 75 76 77 78 79 80 
Family support and foster cared 31 32 32 32 33 33 33 34 34 34 
Child nutrition 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 31 
Subtotal 268 277 274 273 267 271 275 285 284 284 
Veterans' pensions 6 7 6 6 7 7 7 8 7 7 
Pell Grants• 11 6 7 9 9 9 9 9 10 10 
Subtotal, Means-Tested Programs 683 744 781 811 838 871 909 957 988 1,019 
Non-Means- Tested Programs 1 1,847 1,947 2,018 2,094 2,241 2,370 2,516 2,708 2,820 2,933 
Total Mandatory OutlayS' 2,530 2,691 2,799 2,905 3,079 3,241 3,425 3,666 3,808 3,952 
Memorandum 
Pel! Grants (Discretionary)h 20 27 27 23 24 24 25 25 26 26 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation 
Notes: The projeCtions 
shown here are the same as those reported in Congressional Budget Office, The Budget and Economic Outlook Fiscal Years 2015to 2025(January 2015). CBO recently updated its base~ne projections as reported in 
Congressional Budget Office, Updated Budget Projections: 2015 to 2025 (March 2015). Some of the projections are different in the March baseline, but at the request of the committee staff, the projections shown are from the 
January baseline. 
The average annual growth rate over the 2016·2025 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount projected for 2015 through the amount projected for 2025. 
Projections of spending for benefit programs in this table e:-:clude administrative costs that are classified as discretionary but generally include administrative costs classified as mandatory. 
SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition AsSistance Program. 
Because October 1 will fall on a weekend in 2016, 2017,2022, and 2023, certain federal payments that are due on that date will instead be made at the end of the preceding September and thus be shifted into the previous fiscal year 
Those shifts primarily affect outlays for Supplemental Security Income, veterans' compensation benefits and pensions, and Medicare. 
a. Differs from the amounts reported in Table 3·2 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025be<::ause it does not include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that attral-1. 
less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll individuals who end up with high costs). Spending for grants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
b. Does not include amounts that reduce tax receipts. 
c. Diffem from the amounts reported on Tabte 3-2 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025because it does not include other tax credits that were included in that tabte. 
d. Includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitlement program, and other programs that benefit children. 
e. Includes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award level set in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that by formula, increases the total maximum 
award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
f. Does not include offsetting receipts. 
g. Does not include outlays associated with federal interest payments, which are not considered part of mandatory spending. 
h. The discretionary baseline does not represent a projection of expected costs for the discretionary portion of the Pell Grant program, As with aU other discretionary programs. the budget authority is calculated by inflating 
the budget authority appropriat-ed for fiscal year 2015. Outlays for future yeafS are based on those amounts of budget authority and also reflect a temporary surplus of budget authority provided in 2015. Average 
Annual 
Growth 
2025 2016-2025 
588 5.8% 
54 8.4% 
112 15.1% 
6 -5.9% 
760 6.7% 
75 -0.4% 
72 2.7% 
82 -0.1% 
35 1.0% 
32 4.3% 
295 1.0% 
7 2.0% 
10 -1.3% 
1,072 4.6% 
3,165 5.5% 
4,237 5.3% 
27 3.0% 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1719 March 17, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.037 H17MRPT1
Insert offset folio 1061/7 here EH17MR15.002rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Table 2. 
Mandatory Outlays Since 2005 
(Outlays by fiscal year, billions of dollars) 
Estimated, 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Means-Tested Programs 
Health Care Programs 
Medicaid 182 181 191 201 251 273 275 251 265 301 335 
Medicare Part D Low-Income 
Subsidies 0 11 17 17 19 21 24 20 22 22 24 
Health insurance subsidiesb,c 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 13 28 
Children's Health Insurance 
Program 5 5 6 7 8 8 9 9 9 9 10 --- -- ---- -- --------Subtotal 187 197 213 225 277 302 308 279 297 346 397 
Income Security 
SNAP 33 35 35 39 56 70 77 80 83 76 78 
Supplemental Security Income 38 37 36 41 45 47 53 47 53 54 55 
Earned income and child tax creditsc 49 52 54 75 67 77 78 77 79 82 83 
Family support and foster cared 31 30 31 32 33 35 33 30 32 31 31 
Child nutrition 13 14 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 20 21 -- ------ --- --Subtotal 163 168 170 202 217 247 260 254 266 263 268 
Veterans' pensions 4 4 3 4 4 4 5 5 5 6 6 
Pell Grantse 0 0 0 1 2 4 14 12 16 8 11 
Subtotal, Means-Tested Programs 354 369 386 431 501 557 587 550 584 623 683 
Non-Means-Tested Programs' 1,094 1,188 1,242 1,349 1,787 1,553 1,648 1,710 1,752 1,757 1,847 
Total Mandatory Outlays9 1,448 1,556 1,628 1,780 2,288 2,110 2,236 2,260 2,336 2,380 2,530 
Memorandum 
Pell Grants (Discretionary) 13 13 13 15 13 20 21 21 17 23 20 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Notes: The average annual growth rate over the 2006~2015 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount recorded in 2005 through the amount projected for 2015. 
Data on spending for benefit programs in this table exclude admimstrative costs that are classified as discretionary but generally include administrative costs classified as mandatory. 
SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; n.a. = not applicable. 
Because October 1 fell on a weekend in 2006, 2007, and 2012, certain federal payments that were due on that date were instead made at the end of the preceding September and thus shifted into the previous fiscal year. Those shift! 
primarily affected outlays for Supplemental Security Income, veterans' compensation benefits and pensions, and Medicare 
a The average annual gro\Vth rate reflects the program's growth from its inception m 2006 through 2015. 
b. Differs from the amounts reported in Table 3·2 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: p;scal Years 2015 to 2025 because it does not include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that attract 
less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll individuals who end up with high costs). Spending for grants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
c. Does not include amounts that reduce tax receipts. 
d. Includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitlement program, and other programs that benefit children. 
e" Includes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award level set in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that, by formula, increases the total maximum 
award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
Does not include offsetting receipts. 
g. Does not include outlays associated with federal interest payments, which are not considered part of mandatory spending. Average 
Annual 
Growth 
2006-2015 
6.3% 
8.9% a 
n.a. 
7.3% 
7.8% 
9.1% 
3.7% 
5.3% 
0.3% 
5.1% 
5.1% 
5.0% 
n.a. 
6.8% 
5.4% 
5.7% 
4.3% 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1720 March 17, 2015 
ENDNOTES  
1. CBO published Updated Budget Projec-
tions: 2015 to 2025 in March 2015; some of the 
amounts shown in Table 1 are different in the March baseline, but at the request of the committee staff, these tables show the pro-jections from the January baseline. In total, for mandatory spending, the differences be-tween the two baselines are small, and the average annual growth rates over the 2016– 2025 period are very similar—5.3 percent in the January projections versus 5.2 percent in the March baseline. 
2. Under current law, funding for the pro-
gram in 2015 consists of two semiannual al-lotments of $2.85 billion—amounts that are much smaller than the allotments made in the four preceding years. (The first semi-annual allotment in 2015 will be supple-mented by $15.4 billion in onetime funding for the program.) Following the rules pre-scribed by the Deficit Control Act, CBO ex-trapolates the $2.85 billion provided for the second half of the year to arrive at projected annual funding of $5.7 billion. 
3. Refundable tax credits reduce a filer’s 
overall income tax liability; if the credit ex-ceeds the rest of the filer’s income tax liabil-ity, the government pays all or some portion of that excess to the taxpayer. Those tax credits also affect the budget, to a lesser ex-tent, by reducing tax revenues; those rev-enue effects are not shown in the tables. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 18, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
785. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Gypsy Moth Generally Infested Areas; Additions in Minnesota, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wisconsin [Docket No.: APHIS-2014-0023] received March 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
786. A letter from the Administrator, FSA 
Regulatory Review Group, Commodity Cred-it Corporation, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Biomass Crop Assistance Program (RIN: 0560-AI27) received March 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
787. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a statement pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, on a transaction involving U.S. exports to Korean Air Lines (KAL) of Seoul, South Korea; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
788. A letter from the Director, Division of 
Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensa-tion, Office of Workers’ Compensation Pro-grams, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensa-tion Act: Transmission of Documents and In-formation (RIN: 1240-AA09) received March 
13, 2014, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
789. A letter from the Chief, Planning and 
Regulatory Affairs Office, OPS, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Professional Standards for State and Local School Nutrition Programs Personnel as Required by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 [FNS-2011-0030] (RIN: 0584- AE19) received March 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
790. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ASPA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Official Symbol, Logo and Seal received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
791. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Implementation of Sec. 621(a)(1) of the Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984, as amended by the Cable Television Consumer Protection and Competition Act of 1992 [MB Docket No.: 05-311] received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
792. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a letter asking Congress to raise the debt limit as soon as possible; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
793. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Correction and Disclosure for Chari-table Hospitals (Rev. Proc. 2015-21) received 
March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
794. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Empowerment Zone Designation Exten-sion Notice [Notice 2015-26] received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
795. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Reporting for Premium; Basis Reporting by Securities Brokers and Basis Determina-tion for Debt Instruments and Options [TD 9713] (RIN: 1545-BL46) (RIN: 1545-BM60) re-ceived March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. FOXX: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 152. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the resolution (H. Res. 132) pro-viding for the expenses of certain commit-tees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, and pro-viding for consideration of the joint resolu-tion (S.J. Res. 8) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Na-tional Labor Relations Board relating to rep-resentation case procedures (Rept. 114–45). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
SALMON , Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. 
PEARCE ): 
H.R. 1385. A bill to provide for a legal 
framework for the operation of public un-manned aircraft systems, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self and Mr. C
HABOT ): 
H.R. 1386. A bill to include subcontracting 
goals for small business concerns in the re-sponsibilities of certain members of a Fed-eral agency responsible for acquisition; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
(for herself, Mr. W
HITFIELD , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. 
JONES ): 
H.R. 1387. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the deter-mination of the employer mandate under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act without regard to alien agricultural seasonal workers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. L
ATTA , 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. F LORES , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. L ONG, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B LUM, Mr. D UNCAN  
of Tennessee, Mr. B ARR, Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK ): 
H.R. 1388. A bill to improve the establish-
ment of any lower ground-level ozone stand-ards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. T
IP-
TON): 
H.R. 1389. A bill to improve the mortgage 
finance system and the regulation of finan-cial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KNIGHT: 
H.R. 1390. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to modify the requirements for joint venture offers for bundled or consoli-dated contracts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for 
himself, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.037 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1721 March 17, 2015 
NOLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
SIRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T ONKO , 
and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
H.R. 1391. A bill to protect our Social Secu-
rity system and improve benefits for current and future generations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1392. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reduce the amount of Federal highway funding available to States that do not enact a law prohibiting the use of cer-tain communication devices while operating a motor vehicle, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
SCHOCK , and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 1393. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish an innovation in surface transportation program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. N OLAN ): 
H.R. 1394. A bill to prohibit land border 
crossing fees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 1395. A bill to eliminate the payroll 
tax for individuals who have attained retire-ment age, to amend title II of the Social Se-curity Act to remove the limitation upon the amount of outside income which an indi-vidual may earn while receiving benefits under such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. S
HIM-
KUS, and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1396. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to authorize a bipartisan majority of Commissioners of the Federal Communications Commission to hold non-public collaborative discussions; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. FLEMING (for himself and Ms. 
G
RAHAM ): 
H.R. 1397. A bill to allow seniors to file 
their Federal income tax on a new Form 1040SR; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 1398. A bill to prioritize funding for an 
expanded and sustained national investment in basic science research; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-
self, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 1399. A bill to reauthorize and improve 
a grant program to assist institutions of higher education in establishing, maintain, improving, and operating Veteran Student Centers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. 
G
UTHRIE , and Mr. B UCSHON ): H.R. 1400. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to transition the Med-icaid thresholds applied for determining ac-ceptable provider taxes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself 
and Mr. Q
UIGLEY ): 
H.R. 1401. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to stimulate inter-national tourism to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 1402. A bill to direct the Commandant 
of the Coast Guard to convey certain prop-erty from the United States to the County of Marin, California; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself and Mr. 
C
ONYERS ): 
H.R. 1403. A bill to require that, in cases in 
which the annual trade deficit between the United States and another country is $10,000,000,000 or more for 3 consecutive years, the President take the necessary steps to create a more balanced trading relation-ship with that country; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Ms. E
STY, 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. L EWIS, 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 1404. A bill to amend the method by 
which the Social Security Administration determines the validity of marriages under title II of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. 
Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ ): 
H.R. 1405. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to ensure railroad safety; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 1406. A bill to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K IND, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. C OSTA ): 
H.R. 1407. A bill to establish an inde-
pendent advisory committee to review cer-tain regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and 
Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ): 
H.R. 1408. A bill to require certain Federal 
banking agencies to conduct a study of the appropriate capital requirements for mort-
gage servicing assets for nonsystemic bank-ing institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 1409. A bill to amend the Tele-
communications Act of 1996 to restore the authority of the Federal Communications Commission to adopt certain rules relating to preserving the open Internet and to direct the Commission to take all actions nec-essary to restore to effect vacated portions of such rules; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: 
H.R. 1410. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to require the implementation of a data quality improvement plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and 
Mr. T
IBERI ): 
H.R. 1411. A bill to provide for a grants pro-
gram to develop and enhance integrated nu-trition and physical activity curricula in medical schools; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
and Mr. G OSAR ): 
H.R. 1412. A bill to achieve border security 
on certain Federal lands along the Southern border; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. B ABIN, 
and Mr. C ONAWAY ): 
H.R. 1413. A bill to terminate Operation 
Choke Point; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 1414. A bill to direct the Secretary to 
make interim payments of disability com-pensation benefits for certain claims for such compensation prior to the adjudication of such claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.J. Res. 38. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States waiving the application of the first article of amendment to the political speech of corporations and other business or-ganizations with respect to the disbursement of funds in connection with public elections and granting Congress and the States the power to establish limits on contributions and expenditures in elections for public of-fice; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
L
ANGEVIN , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): 
H. Res. 153. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Middle Level Education Month; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17MR7.100 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1722 March 17, 2015 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 1385. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The 4th Amendment to the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: 
H.R. 1386. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Power to tax and pay debts—Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States:’’ 
The Commerce Clause—Article 1, Section 
8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes:’’ 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 1388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. KNIGHT: 
H.R. 1390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.R. 1391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 3 (relating to the authority to regulate commerce among the several states). 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 1393. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1, Clause 3, Clause 7, and Clause 18. By Ms. DELBENE: 
H.R. 1394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. DESANTIS: 
H.R. 1395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I, and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 3 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 1396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Article IV, Section 3 
By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 1397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Amendment 16 of the U.S. Constitution, which grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without re-gard to any census or enumeration. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 1398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8—The Congress shall 
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: 
H.R. 1399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 (Clauses 1, 12, 13, and 
14) of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes for the purpose of spending; to raise and support armies; to provide and maintain a navy; and to make rules for the govern-ment and regulation of the land and naval forces. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 1400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 1401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted to Congress under Arti-
cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 1402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-
gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States. 
By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 1403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8: To regulate Commerce with for-
eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes... By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 1404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 1405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of Article 1 of the Con-
stitution, which allows for Congress to regu-late commerce amongst the several states. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 1406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: 
H.R. 1407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article 1 
Section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution, which states that the Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER: 
H.R. 1408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 1409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: 
H.R. 1410. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 1411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 1412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV Section 4: The United States 
shall guarantee to every state in this union a republican form of government, and shall protect each of them against invasion; and on application of the legislature, or of the executive (when the legislature cannot be convened) against domestic violence. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 1413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 1414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution 
By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.J. Res. 38. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.045 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1723 March 17, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H UDSON , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. B OST, 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 131: Mr. W ALBERG and Mr. 
HUELSKAMP . 
H.R. 174: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 184: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 188: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 217: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 223: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 232: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York. 
H.R. 242: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California. 
H.R. 249: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 266: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 270: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M CGOVERN , and 
Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 281: Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 292: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
JOLLY , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. G OWDY . 
H.R. 296: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 304: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 333: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. D EUTCH , and 
Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 335: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. I SRAEL , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 360: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 369: Mr. F ARENTHOLD and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 379: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 430: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 449: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 452: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 456: Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. 
PETERS . 
H.R. 511: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 524: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 540: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
DESANTIS , Ms. L EE, and Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 542: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 546; Mr. P ETERS and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 551: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 572: Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 588: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 601: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
HANNA . 
H.R. 605: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 610: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 612: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 613: Mr. J OYCE and Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana. 
H.R. 662: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mr. F LORES , and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 672: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 681: Mr. S CHOCK . 
H.R. 721: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. R USH, Mr. K IL-
MER, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 723: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 746: Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. L OFGREN , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 751: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 764: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 766: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida. H.R. 767: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 784: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 805: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 815: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 816: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, and Mr. G OWDY . 
H.R. 818: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 829: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 831: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 837: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 846: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
DOGGETT , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 850: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 852: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 855: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. 
ROSS. 
H.R. 868: Mrs. N OEM, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
GROTHMAN and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 879: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 881: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 885: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 887: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 908: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. Honda, Ms. H AHN, and Ms. 
MATSUI . 
H.R. 911: Mr. A SHFORD and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 919: Ms. K USTER and Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts. 
H.R. 940: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. N UGENT , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 957: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 971: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 976: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 985: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 986: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. R YAN of Wis-
consin, and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 990: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 997: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1021: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1035: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1037: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
DELANEY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. K IND, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. M OULTON , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1058: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1059: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1092: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1094: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OUZER , and 
Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 1095: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1104: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1105: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B OST, Mr. 
SHIMKUS , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1117: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 1136: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 1143: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
HARPER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1148: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 1155: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1172: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1190: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . 
H.R. 1198: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
BEYER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1209: Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
HARPER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1227: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1232: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1234: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1249: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. H UDSON and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 1257: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. L EE, 
and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1271: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . 
H.R. 1293: Mr. L YNCH , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. 
MCNERNEY . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. 
STUTZMAN . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1309: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1328: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1333: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1365: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. K LINE. 
H.J. Res. 22: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.J. Res. 29: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H. Con. Res, 14: Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. T IBERI . 
H. Con. Res. 23: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H. Res. 28: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. F ARR, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. E NGEL , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L ANCE , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. A SHFORD , 
and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H. Res. 50: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. 
MENG, and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H. Res. 53: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H. Res. 109: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H. Res. 116: Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 118: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 119: Mr. B YRNE . 
H. Res. 122: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. K INZINGER  
of Illinois. 
H. Res. 139: Mr. B YRNE . 
f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 296: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR7.048 H17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1559 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 2015 No. 45 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
We praise You, our God and King. 
You rule generation after generation. You are so high that the Heaven of Heavens cannot contain You. Yet You dwell with those who possess a contrite spirit. Thank You for Your kindness and mercy, for showering compassion on all creation. 
Bless our Senators. Give them words 
that will illuminate and refresh. Help them to accept timely advice and valid criticism as a measure of progress. Lord, infuse them with patience and truth as they practice self-control. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUBY PAONE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate’s doorkeeper, Ruby Paone, will mark her 40th year of service to the Senate. 
Ruby has seen the Senate from a lot 
of different angles. She has had a lot of unique titles—everything from card desk assistant to Reception Room at-tendant—as she climbed the ladder to her current post. I am sure that Ruby will tell you 
that a lot has changed since her first day here back in 1975. I am sure she will tell you a lot has stayed the same. One thing that won’t change is the Senate’s gratitude to its many dedi-cated employees. That is why the Sen-ate community extends its congratula-tions to Ruby Paone this morning and why we thank her for her many years of service. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
about an hour the Democratic Party will confront a momentous choice. Will Democrats launch a historic filibuster against helping oppressed victims of modern slavery because leftwing lobby-ists appear to demand it? Will they do that at the behest of these leftwing lobbyists? 
Democrats filibustering help for ter-
rified children and abused women would represent a new low in the Sen-ate. Filibustering help for terrified children and abused women certainly represents a new low for the Senate, and the American people will not soon forget it—nor should they. It is hard to even keep straight anymore why Democrats would filibuster this human rights bill. 
The bill Democrats apparently now 
oppose was introduced months ago by a Democrat and a Republican. The bill Democrats now oppose was originally cosponsored by 13 of our Democratic friends. Thirteen of them cosponsored it. The bill Democrats now oppose was approved by every Democrat on the Ju-diciary Committee. Every single Demo-crat on the Judiciary Committee sup-ported the bill. 
The bill Democrats now oppose was 
brought to the floor last Monday after Democrats agreed unanimously to do that. But that was Monday. By Tues-day, Democrats were threatening to launch a historic filibuster against helping the abused and the enslaved— 
launching a filibuster against the abused and the enslaved. 
Democrats’ supposed rationale was 
that they had not bothered to read the very bill they introduced, cosponsored, and voted for. That in itself is a stun-ning admission. But as embarrassing as 
this admission might be for Democrats, it doesn’t tell the full story. It is obvi-ously absurd to believe that not a sin-gle one of the 13 Democrats who origi-nally cosponsored this bill and not a single member of any of these Demo-crats’ well-educated staff would have read this bill before agreeing to sup-port it. It is really hard to believe; isn’t it? 
The bipartisan Hyde language Demo-
crats now cite as the basis for their human rights filibuster would not have been hard to find. It was sitting right there on page 4. 
Democrats would have recognized the 
bipartisan Hyde provision easily be-cause so many Democrats voted to sup-port the same bipartisan provision just 3 months ago in December. It was in the CRomnibus that most of our Demo-cratic friends voted for in December— the very same language. So they surely would have recognized it sitting right there on page 4. 
The top Democrat on the Judiciary 
Committee certainly would have no-ticed the Hyde provision he supported in December. He actually offered an unrelated amendment to the very same page as the provision he now objects to. 
The bipartisan Hyde language is sup-
ported by about 7 in 10 Americans. How do the American people feel about the Hyde language? The Hyde language is supported by 7 out of 10 Americans as a policy principle and has been part and parcel of the legislating process for decades. It appears in just about every funding bill we consider, and it appears in numerous authorizing bills that have received bipartisan support. 
Not surprisingly, the leadership of 
the House of Representatives said last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.000 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1560 March 17, 2015 
night that ‘‘any House-Senate agree-
ment on a trafficking bill that includes a victims fund will’’ have to contain ‘‘the Hyde Amendment, as we have done for nearly 40 years.’’ So the House of Representatives says that any bill that passes the House will also include this language. 
What about that great bastion of 
conservatism—the Washington Post? The Washington Post recently noted in an editorial that ‘‘the Hyde Act has been in force for four decades,’’ and pointedly asked whether the inclusion of this bipartisan provision ‘‘justifies the defeat of this important legisla-tion.’’ Given the long legislative his-tory of this bipartisan provision and the overwhelmingly popular support for what it does, the answer, obviously, is no. No, most of our colleagues on the other side voted for this very same pro-vision 3 months ago. 
Let’s remember what this debate 
should really be about. It should not be about what leftwing lobbyists want. It should be about helping the victims of modern slavery—victims such as Me-lissa, whom my colleague Senator C
OR-
NYN has spoken about before. She was 
sold into the sex trade when she was just 12 years old. She was beaten regu-larly and chained to a bed in a ware-house. She was even set on fire by those who enslaved her. That is Melissa’s story. She said she just want-ed to die. 
When Melissa finally escaped the 
grasp of her tormenters, she was not treated like a victim. Melissa was treated like a criminal by our justice system. It is stories such as Melissa’s that should motivate every Member of this Chamber to act. 
The victims who suffer in dark ware-
houses may not have the same clout as the lobbyists who appear to oppose this bill, but these victims need our help, and they need it now. So if there truly are Senators who are concerned with removing a bipartisan provision they have supported so many times in the past, they should offer an amendment to strike it and then stop blocking this human rights bill. I offered them a chance to do just that last week. 
Let’s have a vote—a simple majority 
vote—on a measure they now belatedly find they object to, having supported it in the past, and then, as an official with the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women put it: ‘‘Win or lose and move on.’’ But as it stands now, in her words, ‘‘Senate Democrats are choos-ing a phantom problem over real vic-tims.’’ That is the spokesman for the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women. 
The White House needs to get in-
volved here too. So far the White House has barely lifted a finger to help us pass this legislation, and that needs to change. I think the White House should do this because it is the right thing to do. But if that is not enough, they should also consider the consequences of Democrats making a historic mis-take. If Democrats actually vote to fili-
buster help for oppressed victims of modern slavery, I cannot imagine that the American people will forget it. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUBY PAONE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the longest 
serving Member of this body is the President pro tempore emeritus of the Senate, P
ATRICK LEAHY of Vermont. He 
came to this body in January of 1975, 40 years and 2 months ago. But nipping at his heels is an individual well-known in this Chamber, Ruby Paone. Ruby came to the Senate right out of college and has worked in the Reception Room and other places in the Senate for dec-ades—four decades, in fact. 
Today marks Ruby’s 40th anniver-
sary of working in the Senate. To put that in perspective, she has worked through 7 different Presidential admin-istrations, 16 different Sergeants at Arms, and has seen 383 Senators serve in this Chamber during her time. 
After working with 383 different Sen-
ators, one would think that maybe she could not remember these names and faces, but that is not Ruby. She knows everyone and remembers everything during her time here in the Senate. 
During these 40 years in the Senate, 
a lot has happened, not the least of which is meeting her husband, whom we all know, Marty. Marty also worked in the Senate for many, many years, eventually serving as the secretary of the majority, and we all depended on him so much. 
In fact, Ruby and Marty were both 
here in the Capitol working on their wedding day. The Senate was in session until 12 p.m. that day. Marty and Ruby decided to get married 3 hours later, and they did. 
Ruby and Marty have three wonder-
ful children. I can remember their ca-reers in soccer and working their way through school. Their children are Alexander, Stephanie, and Tommy. Ruby and Marty are rightly very proud of these three fine young people, one girl, Stephanie, and the two boys. 
No words can adequately sum up the 
40 years of service to our country, but Adlai Stevenson came close when he said: ‘‘Patriotism is not a short and frenzied outburst of emotion but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime.’’ 
I appreciate very much Ruby’s stead-
fast dedication. I admire her continued support of this institution that is very dear to so many of us. Thank you, Ruby, for your 40 years of faithful serv-ice, and we look forward to many more. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that an article that ap-peared and was posted last night at 7:14 
p.m. in the Washington Post be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Mar. 16, 2015] 
AFFORDABLE CAREACTADDS16.4 M ILLION TO  
HEALTH INSURANCE ROLLS 
(By Lenny Bernstein) 
About 16.4 million adults have been added 
to health insurance rolls under the Afford-able Care Act, which provided especially ro-bust gains in coverage for minorities and states that expanded their Medicaid pro-grams, administration officials announced Monday. 
The total includes 14.1 million adults who 
joined the insurance rolls since October 2013 and 2.3 million younger adults ages 19 to 25 who were able to remain on their parents’ health insurance plans since October 2010, when that provision of Obamacare went into effect. 
Richard Frank, the assistant secretary for 
planning and evaluation at the Department of Health and Human Services, called the gains ‘‘historic,’’ comparing the impact to the creation of Medicare and Medicaid in the mid-1960s. 
HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell 
said she was ‘‘pleased’’ with the numbers but added that the government still can enroll greater numbers of African Americans and Latinos. 
‘‘African American, Latino [rates] are not 
exactly where you want to be, because the [uninsured] numbers are still high,’’ Burwell said. ‘‘I believe we can do more.’’ 
The Latino uninsured rate dropped by 12.3 
percentage points between the first quarter of 2014 and the same period in 2015 as 4.2 mil-lion adults gained coverage. That ethnic group, however, continues to have the lowest rate of insurance coverage. 
About 2.3 million African Americans en-
rolled, dropping that group’s uninsured rate by 9.2 percentage points, and 6.6 million whites obtained coverage, a decline of 5.3 percentage points. 
The data are based on surveys conducted 
for HHS. The totals do not show whether an individual obtained coverage through the new insurance marketplaces, a private em-ployer or some other method. No numbers on children were included. 
States that decided to expand their Med-
icaid insurance programs for the poor re-corded bigger gains than those that didn’t, reducing their uninsured rate by 7.4 percent-age points as compared with 6.9 points for 
states that declined to expand. 
Meena Seshamani, director of HHS’s Office 
of Health Reform, said the 16.4 million newly covered adults no longer need to put off health care ‘‘because they can’t afford it’’ or ‘‘worry about going broke’’ if they face a se-rious illness. 
‘‘Today’s news is good for the health and 
financial security of millions of Americans,’’ she said. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, referring to 
this article just printed in the R ECORD : 
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services released some very good news, further proof that ObamaCare is working and insuring millions of Americans—16.4 million to be exact. 
Reading from the Washington Post 
report that is now part of this R
ECORD , 
I state: 
About 16.4 million adults have been added 
to health insurance rolls under the Afford-able Care Act, which provided especially ro-bust gains in coverage for minorities— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.003 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1561 March 17, 2015 
And everyone, in fact— 
and states that expanded their Medicaid pro-
grams, administration officials announced Monday. 
The total includes 14.1 million adults who 
joined the insurance rolls since October 2013 and 2.3 million younger adults ages 19 to 25 who were able to remain on their parents’ health insurance plans since October 2010, when that provision of Obamacare went into effect. 
As if that weren’t enough good news, 
the Department of Health and Human Services also reported that uninsured rates for minorities are plunging. 
Quote: 
The Latino uninsured rate dropped by 12.3 
percentage points between the first quarter of 2014 and the same period in 2015 as 4.2 mil-lion adults gained coverage. . . . 
About 2.3 million African Americans en-
rolled, dropping that group’s uninsured rate by 9.2 percentage points, and 6.6 million whites obtained coverage, a decline of 5.3 percentage points. 
So it is clear that the Affordable 
Care Act is working just as Congress intended. 
Not only are record numbers of 
Americans gaining health coverage, but historically underinsured commu-nities are now getting access to quality health care. 
At some point, my Republican col-
leagues need to face reality. ObamaCare is helping their constitu-ents. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING LEGISLA-
TION AND LORETTA LYNCH NOM-INATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak a little bit about human traf-ficking and Loretta Lynch. 
The Republican leader is right. In an 
hour or so the Senate will vote to end debate on the human trafficking and child pornography legislation. That vote is going to fail. The Republican leader knows it is going to fail, just as I do. It is going to fail because Repub-licans have chosen to manufacture a political fight that has nothing to do with human trafficking. 
Abortion legislation has no place in 
human trafficking legislation. The Re-publican Congressman who drafted this version of the human trafficking bill in the House said as much. Congressman E
RIKPAULSEN said: ‘‘There is no reason 
it should be included in these bills. This issue is far too important to tie it up with an unrelated fight with politics as usual.’’ 
We have a long piece out of the New 
York Times. My friend quoted partially from the Washington Post. But let’s be realistic. There has been a sleight of hand here to get the abortion language in this bill. 
As this article indicates: 
This legislation, which sailed through com-
mittee in February, stalled last week when Democrats noticed a provision that would prohibit money in the fund from being used to pay for abortions. The original Senate bill, introduced in the last Congress, made no reference to abortion. Nor did the House’s version of the bill, introduced by Representa-tive Erik Paulsen. Paulsen said, ‘‘there is no 
reason it should be.’’ He said last week, ‘‘This issue is far too important to tie it up with an unrelated fight with politics as usual.’’ 
Republicans say they routinely add the 
abortion language to bills, but Democrats say Republicans operated in bad faith—not to mention in violation of Senate norms—by misrepresenting the bill’s contents. 
This dispute has nothing to do with 
the needs of the Justice Department. It is beyond irresponsible to strand the Department without a leader, sowing instability and uncertainty in an im-portant executive agency. 
The chief law enforcement officer of 
our country is being detained because of this fight between us, Democrats and Republicans, over whether abor-tion should be in this bill. We believe it shouldn’t be; Republicans believe it should be. 
This is a good person who deserves 
our immediate attention. The Loretta Lynch nomination should be done im-mediately. There is no reason we can’t do this now, today. 
Would the Presiding Officer tell us 
the business of the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
Portman amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services sys-tems to improve the identification and as-sessment of child victims of sex trafficking. 
Portman amendment No. 271, to amend the 
definition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth. 
Vitter amendment No. 284 (to amendment 
No. 271), to amend section 301 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citizens of the United States at birth. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that the time be charged equally. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, at 11 
a.m. this morning we will be having a very important vote on human traf-ficking in an important piece of legis-lation, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act. I am glad this issue is fi-nally getting the kind of attention it deserves, but I would be lying to you if I said I wasn’t disappointed in the way this bill has become a political football for people who want to cause the Sen-ate to cease to function entirely or to relitigate issues that have been re-solved 40 years ago such as the Hyde amendment. 
We in the Senate have an oppor-
tunity to do a great deal of good for thousands of people, including children 
who are victims of sex trafficking, many of whom are young girls not even of high school age. On average the typ-ical victim of human trafficking is be-tween the age of 12 and 14. 
But instead of voting to pass this bill 
last week, as I had originally hoped, the minority leader, the Democratic leader, blocked the vote, and he has consistently taken the position that they are not going to allow us to progress with this legislation. The ma-jority leader offered to give the other side a vote to strip out the language which they find offensive, but that was declined; and instead, the obstruction and the blocking of this legislation continues. 
I would like to come back to the 
question that I have asked myself pri-vately and I have asked here publicly repeatedly, and that is, Why are so many of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle objecting to language they have repeatedly voted for time and time and time again? Why do they want to make this an issue on this piece of legislation, which is one of the rare islands of bipartisan comity, co-operation, and collaboration we have seen in recent times? Most impor-tantly, why are Democrats going to the wall to block a bill that would help thousands of innocent victims of sex trafficking across the country who are crying out for our help? It truly baffles me, but that is what is going on. 
Of course, we know human traf-
ficking is a problem all across the country, including my home in Texas. I was recently reminded of a couple of Texas stories about how important it is that we pass this legislation, including a recent story out of Waco, TX, involv-ing the Border Patrol, where it was re-ported that over the last 5 months the Border Patrol has apprehended 144 known sex offenders trying to sneak back into the United States illegally. So reportedly 100,000 people are traf-ficked each year, according to the Washington Post. They say an esti-mated 100,000 children are trafficked each year for sex. Why in the world can’t we find some way to set these dif-ferences aside, to fight them another day, and to move on doing some good where we can by passing this legisla-tion? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.006 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1562 March 17, 2015 
It has, unfortunately, become clear 
that this obstruction is about politics, plain and simple, because you know there is actually a whole lot of agree-ment about the importance of this leg-islation. For example, we have 12 Democratic cosponsors to this legisla-tion. This bogus story you have heard about language being slipped in the bill that they didn’t know was there is just that, completely bogus. Each of these Democrats has highly skilled profes-sional staff, and they themselves weren’t born last night, didn’t fall off the turnip truck. They know what the legislation included, and it had lan-guage in it they had voted in favor of repeatedly in previous pieces of legisla-tion. 
Then there is the fact that all 20 
Members of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee voted in favor of this legisla-tion, including 9 Democrats, all Mem-bers of the Judiciary Committee. Then when it came to the floor last week, all 100 Senators basically consented to bring this legislation forward. So why is it that after so much bipartisan co-operation and trying to work together to solve a real problem and help the victims of human trafficking—particu-larly those 100,000 children trafficked for sex—how is it this legislation be-
came a political football to relitigate the Hyde amendment? Well, unfortu-nately, we know the abortion lobby has been working very hard to derail this legislation. Why? Because they care about these victims of human traf-ficking? Absolutely not, because every-one knows the Hyde amendment lan-guage contains an exception for rape and the health of the mother. So under this act, these limitations on spending wouldn’t have anything to do with the services available to help those victims of human trafficking. 
I know that Members of the Senate 
on the Democratic side care deeply about this issue. I know the ranking member, the former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator L
EAHY , cares deeply about this issue. I 
believe all 12 Democratic cosponsors of this legislation care deeply about this issue, and all Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee—all 20 of us who voted in favor of the legislation—care deeply about this issue. But there is one person who appears not to care one bit about this issue, and that is the senior Senator from Nevada, the Demo-cratic leader. He apparently doesn’t care at all about the victims of human trafficking. If he did, then I think he would find a way to work with us to pass this legislation. 
Unfortunately, we are going to have 
a vote here at 11:00 which is going to be very telling. I hold out some hope that our Democratic colleagues who cospon-sored this legislation or who previously voted for legislation that includes this same type of language or the members of the Judiciary Committee who voted to support this bill at the committee markup will find a way to vote for clo-ture to allow us to progress to final passage of this legislation. There is going to be a very important 
choice. The choice is simply between the victims or party and lobbyists and outside groups who are trying to blow this piece of legislation up in order to relitigate the settled law of the land for the last 40 years. 
In fact, the Washington Post edi-
torial yesterday I think stated the issue very well. They said, at the con-clusion of their editorial, ‘‘the question is whether the Senators who want to accomplish something can overcome the advocacy groups and politicians who would rather use this controversy as one more opportunity to raise funds and to sharpen divisions.’’ 
That is absolutely pathetic, that 
someone would use the plight of these victims of human trafficking to raise funds and to drive divisions between Americans. 
So we will find out what the choice is 
and what Democrats choose. Will they follow the lead of the Democratic lead-er who apparently does not care about the consequences of this obstruction, and will they find a way in their heart to do what they know is right? Because they voted for this legislation pre-viously, they have agreed to cosponsor it, and, of course, as I said, they voted for previous language that is identical to that contained in this bill. 
I will quote from a Texas newspaper, 
the Corpus Christi Caller-Times, which published an editorial with the head-line ‘‘Anti-Trafficking bill is nothing to bicker about.’’ That should be obvi-ous, but unfortunately, the obvious has to be said, apparently time and time again. 
The editorial closes with this line, 
which I find to be poignant. It says: 
This fight is supposed to be against human 
trafficking. Distracting attention from that fight is shameful. 
It is shameful. 
Scripture reminds us that it does not 
profit a person to gain the whole world and lose your soul, and I worry that the Senate is losing its soul and its unique role as an institution where we can actually work out our differences, we can have debate, and we can have votes, and we can actually make some discernible progress forward on behalf of the people we represent. 
This is an important time of choos-
ing for Members of the Senate. At 11 o’clock when we have this vote, we will need a handful of brave and courageous Members of the Senate on the other side of the aisle who will say to their leader: This is a bridge too far. We are not going to march in lockstep with the leader and take what could be leg-islation that will help these victims of human trafficking and turn it into a failure. 
This is a time for choosing. I know 
there are Senate Democrats who care deeply about the victims of human trafficking. Unfortunately, not every-body does, or else we would not be hav-ing this obstruction. So I hope that our colleagues, in thinking about this vote today—or perhaps during a sleepless moment last night as they were con-
templating this very important time of choosing—I hope that they will exam-ine their conscience and that they will reflect on the reason why they came to the Senate in the first place. Was it to play these kinds of partisan political games to advance the fundraising in-terests of the abortion lobby or some other group who wants us to derail this legislation or to relitigate issues that were settled 40 years ago? That is not the reason why I believe the over-whelming number of the Senators came to the Senate. They came here because they wanted to do something good, something positive, something that would help the most vulnerable among us. 
We will have that opportunity here 
today with this vote at 11 o’clock. Shame on us if we cannot rise to the occasion, if we cannot transcend this sort of partisan division and the tug at our sleeves by the outside groups who want to derail this important piece of legislation. Shame on us. 
There is going to be a time of choos-
ing. Everybody who votes will make a record. That record will be part of their permanent legacy in this body. History will reflect whom they chose in this fight—the 100,000 children who are traf-ficked for sex in America who might benefit from this legislation or the abortion lobby that wants us to reliti-gate this issue based on language that every single Democrat has voted for in one fashion or another time and time again. 
This is a phony fight and a phony 
issue. We ought to do what is right. We ought to pass this legislation as soon as possible. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I hope we 
will do what is right, but I hope we will step back from either partisan name- calling or ascribing motives to people. Even though my dear friend from Texas voted against the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, I am never going to say he is for violence against women or for human traf-ficking, even though that bill had the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act as an amendment in it. 
While he and the distinguished ma-
jority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , 
Senator H ATCH , Senator G RASSLEY , and 
others voted against the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, I would not ascribe to them a motive that they believe in violence against women or in human trafficking. Even though that legislation had a strong anti-human trafficking amendment in it, I do not ascribe their vote against the bill as admitting they are for vio-lence against women or human traf-ficking. 
One of the lessons that I have learned 
in my time as a Senator is that if you listen to the people you serve, really listen to them, you will almost always do the right thing. This morning, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.007 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1563 March 17, 2015 
some Senators are trying to shut off 
debate and end our efforts to provide a comprehensive, victim-centered re-sponse to the horrible crime of human trafficking, I ask that we stop and lis-ten. Listen to the voices of the sur-vivors. What they are saying is clear: Stop playing politics with our lives. 
Holly Austin Smith, a survivor, a girl 
who ran away at the age of 14, who was bought and sold for sex, put it this way: 
Politics should not govern the options 
available to victims of sex trafficking, espe-cially when such victims often have had their basic human rights taken away by criminals who had only their own agendas in mind. 
We ought to stand with these sur-
vivors and put aside our agendas. The survivors are asking us to vote against this bill because it includes unneces-sary and destructive, partisan lan-guage. 
A letter signed by the Alliance To 
End Slavery & Trafficking, Rights4Girls, Shared Hope Inter-national, and nearly 100 other anti- trafficking groups says this: 
We urge all members of the Senate to turn 
away from this divisive debate and find a bi-partisan approach to this new initiative to protect and serve the needs of survivors. 
Two years ago the Senate came to-
gether and passed an expansive new au-thorization of the Violence Against Women Act. I realize some in this body who now say we must vote for this bill voted against the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act. But I worked for months with the remark-able people of the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence, a coalition of thousands of organiza-tions representing millions of victims of domestic and sexual violence. 
They spent hours upon hours explain-
ing what we needed to do to ensure that we protected all victims—and we listened. Together, we crafted a bill that responded to those needs. I trust these advocates. They have dedicated their lives to making sure survivors have a voice. 
And here is what they are telling us: 
We write today to express our deep concern 
about the controversy of inserting the Hyde provision into the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. The House passed a version of that Act that did not include this new Hyde provision and we ask the Senate to do the same. 
They are right. The highly partisan 
House passed a version of the very bill we are debating today that does not contain this unnecessary and destruc-tive provision. That deeply divided body came together and they passed this bill with a unanimous vote just a few weeks ago, without this divisive language that Senator C
ORNYN has in-
sisted be in the Senate bill. I am con-fident that if we did the same, we could also pass it easily. 
I want to make clear to everyone 
who is paying attention to this vote, the partisan provision embedded in the Senate version of this bill is not some-thing the survivors of human traf-ficking are asking for. It is not some-
thing the experts in the field who work with them every day are asking for. In fact, those who are closest to the dam-age wreaked by this terrible crime are asking us to take the provision out. 
We are not talking about taxpayer 
money; we are talking about money collected from the various offenders who have already controlled too much of the lives of these women and girls. These survivors deserve more options, not fewer. It is in response to the re-quest of these human trafficking sur-vivors that I am opposing cloture on this version of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I support the rest of this bill, and that is why I included it in the comprehensive substitute amendment I filed last week. 
Also included in my substitute is a 
vital component to prevent human trafficking by focusing on runaway and homeless youth. These children are ex-ceptionally vulnerable to human traf-fickers and we must not turn our backs on them. 
If we are serious about helping to end 
this heinous crime, we must stop play-ing politics and start listening. Let’s listen to the people who suffer from the trafficking. Let’s listen to the victims. Let’s listen to the experts who have al-ways stood with us on this. They say: Take this provision out. Let’s do so. The Republican-controlled House came together and they passed the House version of this legislation unanimously without this divisive language. Shouldn’t we do the same thing? This is not a question of whether you are for or against trafficking. I do not think there is anybody who is for it. Those who, like me, actually prosecuted these cases know how important it is. So lis-ten to the victims. They say: Take out this language and let’s move forward. I will vote no on cloture so that we can move forward and return to the bipar-tisan path that we have always walked on this issue. 
I yield to the distinguished Senator 
from Washington State. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor with a simple message for our Republican colleagues: Enough is enough. The bill we are debating today, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, should without question be bipar-tisan because the bill about combating trafficking is no place for politics. That means it is no place for harmful, partisan measures that restrict wom-en’s respective health options. So it is deeply disappointing that over the last week, Republicans have insisted on in-cluding such a provision in this Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. Then, instead of working with us to take this provision out, get this bill done, and move on to other important work, they have dug in their heels. 
Democrats want to work with Repub-
licans on this legislation and get it back on track. We put forward a sub-stitute that takes out the politics and focuses on what matters in this debate, 
which is helping the survivors of traf-ficking get the justice they deserve. It would be shocking if Senate Repub-licans refused to support this alter-native just because it does not include an expansion of the so-called Hyde amendment that restricts women’s ac-cess to health services—especially, by the way, since the House has already passed this bill without this harmful women’s health provision, just as the Senate did last year. So we know Re-publicans can support an antitrafficking bill that does not hurt women. There is no reason why we should not be able to shift this back to something that both sides can support. 
What makes all of this even worse is 
that the majority leader is now insist-ing on even more gridlock and dysfunc-tion. He has said that in efforts to con-tinue a political attack on women’s health, he will not only hold up the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act but also the confirmation of a highly qualified nominee for Attorney Gen-eral. That is indefensible. Loretta Lynch deserves a vote. She has been waiting longer than any of the last five nominees for Attorney General. She has been confirmed by the Senate twice already for her position for previous roles. She deserves to be able to get to work. 
The majority leader has said the Sen-
ate will not move to her nomination until we finish the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I would like to note that we voted last night on two other nominations, so it seems pretty absurd to say that we cannot work on both at the same time. 
The bottom line is that Senate Re-
publican have a choice today—politics as usual or working with us to get this done. They can continue to hold up im-portant work, to draw out a political fight we have had again and again, or they can work with us to get our nomi-nee for Attorney General on the job, pass the Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act, and move on to tackle the many other challenges our country faces today. I really hope they will choose to work with Democrats, fight human trafficking, and help women across the country. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.008 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1564 March 17, 2015 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Shelley 
Moore Capito, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, James Lankford, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton, Ron Johnson, Richard Burr, Daniel Coats, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, Tim Scott, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the committee- reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the vic-tims of human trafficking, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 55, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 72 Leg.] 
YEAS—55 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Graham 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 43. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Shelley 
Moore Capito, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, James Lankford, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton, Ron Johnson, Richard Burr, Daniel Coats, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, Tim Scott, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 55, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 73 Leg.] 
YEAS—55 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Graham 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 43. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The Senate majority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this 
morning was a sad day for the Senate, when a straightforward bill designed to help the 100,000 or so children who are sex trafficked in America goes down because of the advocacy of a group that wants to turn this into an abortion de-bate and to change the settled law of the last 39 years. 
As I said before the vote, I really feel 
as if this is a time when the very soul of the Senate is being tested. Are we going actually to break out of these shackles that we seem to be bound by, which say that we are going to turn every issue—no matter how sensitive or how much good could be done—into a political issue that divides us? I would have thought of all the topics where there would be bipartisan con-sensus, it would be combating the crime of human trafficking. 
Indeed, everything that went on be-
fore today seemed to give me hope that we would be able to do that. For exam-ple, there is the fact that there were 12 Democratic cosponsors of the under-lying legislation. In the Senate Judici-ary Committee, there were 20 votes, a unanimous vote including 9 Democrats, in favor of the bill in committee, and it came to the floor of the Senate. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, ordi-
narily we would have to jump through some procedural hoops. But thanks to the consent of 100 Senators, we did not have to do that so we could get on the bill and begin the open amendment process without having to jump through those hoops. At least that is what I thought. Then somehow, some-where, somebody decided they wanted to pick a fight on something that has been the settled law for 39 years; and that is the Hyde amendment. 
The Hyde amendment basically says 
that no taxpayer funds can be used to fund abortion except in the case of rape and in the case of the health of the mother being in jeopardy, as certified by a physician. So one might wonder why people want to fight over the Hyde amendment when the Hyde amendment itself has an exception for sexual as-sault, which obviously would be the major concern on behalf of any of these victims of human trafficking. That is why this has been called a phantom issue. I would use another word. I would say it is a phony issue. It is a fake fight in order to derail legislation which would demonstrate that we, on a bipartisan basis, can work together and try to solve a real problem and make progress. 
I suspect the Presiding Officer had 
the same experience I did during this last election. Back in Texas, people would say: Can’t you guys and gals get anything done in Washington, DC? Why is it so broken and so dysfunctional? Why can’t you find common cause on something and make some progress and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.010 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1565 March 17, 2015 
deal with real problems that confront 
the people of Texas or the people of Oklahoma or the people of the United States of America? 
Now, that doesn’t mean we come up 
here and leave our principles behind. It is just the opposite. I am not sug-gesting for a minute, in the interest of compromise, that we leave our prin-ciples behind, but there is a lot we can do, consistent with our principles, to help pass legislation which will have a very positive impact on the American people. 
The President mentioned issues such 
as trade as something we can work on together. But little did I imagine that the powers that be would pick on an anti-human trafficking bill in order to try to divide the Senate—in order to peel off the 12 Democratic cosponsors who didn’t even vote. Many of them didn’t even vote for the bill. 
In other words, they were for the 
bill—enough to cosponsor it—and then this morning they did not vote to see the bill progress to final passage. I don’t know how they can explain that or, frankly, how they can reconcile that in their own conscience, recog-nizing that this legislation was de-signed to help vulnerable children, by and large, who are victims of what we call modern day slavery—sexual, eco-nomic bondage. 
This legislation was designed not 
only to rescue them but to help them heal and begin a path toward a better, more productive life. That is why this morning I said I really felt this was a vote for the soul of the Senate. 
I cannot imagine any Senator who 
does everything they have to do to be elected to get to serve here—the hard-ship for your family, raising money, and all the stuff you have to do to get here—and then to squander it by refus-ing to take a step to help the most vul-nerable people who exist in our coun-try. It is just beyond my imagination. 
But I am afraid this is more than 
about a piece of legislation. There is an idea here in the Democratic leadership that they really don’t want the Senate to be able to function. They don’t real-ly want us to be able to pass legislation or solve problems. What they want to do is to have the talking point that after the last election nothing has real-ly changed in the Senate—that it is just as dysfunctional as it was when they were in charge. 
I am happy to say I am optimistic— 
despite this morning’s vote—that we will begin to make some progress as soon as next week, when we will, I think, take the first step to pass a budget. It will be the first time a budg-et has been passed since 2009. 
I am grateful to the majority leader, 
the Senator from Kentucky, for saying that we are going to come back and vote again and again and again on this human trafficking bill until it passes. He is not going to schedule the nomi-nation confirmation vote on the next Attorney General until such time as we get this passed. Unfortunately, that is what this 
place has degenerated into—everybody looking for leverage to try to get a lit-tle bit more of what they want, and in the process, the very people we are sup-posed to be trying to work for and try-ing to help get lost. 
I am very disappointed. This is not 
why I came to the Senate. This is not the kind of Senate I want to serve in. 
This is not what my constituents—the 26.9 million people I work for in Texas—sent me here to do. They expect more of us. They deserve more of us. I hope, now that this initial vote has been cast—thank goodness for the four Democrats who broke ranks with their leadership on that side of the aisle and decided to vote to advance this legisla-tion, but we still need two more. We still need two more brave Democratic Senators who are going to defy their leadership and not simply follow them off the cliff. 
This is what, from a practical polit-
ical standpoint, I don’t understand. One reason why Republicans are in the majority now is because, frankly, the President’s policies were repudiated in the last election and the people who ran for reelection as incumbent Sen-ators didn’t have a record of accom-plishment they could point to. So what they were left with was a referendum on the President’s record which they followed down the line, and they had nothing else they could point to that they actually had done on the Senate floor because the Senate had been locked down and no amendments, no good ideas, no votes occurred. We lit-erally had a U.S. Senator from Alaska, for example, who was running for re-election after serving in the Senate for 6 years who could not point to a single bill or amendment that bore his name that had been passed. So when people wondered, What are the issues in this election, they were left with the Presi-dent of the United States saying: My policies are on the ballot, even though my name is not. Then we had the in-cumbent U.S. Senator with no record of accomplishments separate and apart from that referendum on the Presi-dent’s policies, and that referendum— the President’s policies—lost and the people who enabled them and supported them. 
Frankly, I really don’t understand 
the calculation of our colleagues on the other side who have now slavishly voted according to the dictates of their party leadership and said no to the vic-tims of human trafficking who would have benefited from that legislation. I don’t know how they reconcile that in their minds. I don’t know whether they have had sleepless nights worrying about it or whether their hearts have become so hardened, whether they have become so accustomed to this sort of mindless partisanship that they don’t even think about it anymore. 
Thanks to the majority leader, we 
are going to have another opportunity for them to rectify their ‘‘no’’ vote. All we need is two additional Senators who will vote to progress this legislation 
given the next opportunity. So I hope our colleagues will reconsider. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 12:04 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-
FICKING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
First, let me say Happy St. Patrick’s 
Day to all my friends and family and colleagues in the Senate. 
(The remarks of Ms. S
TABENOW per-
taining to the introduction of S. 758 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Ms. STABENOW. I yield the floor. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
THE FUTURE OF COLORADO AND AMERICA  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, in 1893 
Katharine Lee Bates made her way up the slopes of Pikes Peak and first wrote the words to one of America’s greatest patriotic hymns, poeticizing ‘‘purple mountain majesties’’ and ‘‘amber waves of grain.’’ 
One hundred years ago, Enos Mills 
helped preserve ‘‘mountain scenes of exceptional beauty and grandeur,’’ giv-ing to the country the crown jewel of American splendor, Rocky Mountain National Park. 
For over a century, visionaries such 
as John Iliff helped to settle the high plains of Colorado, described by Ian Frazier as a ‘‘heroic place,’’ an expanse of splendid isolation with unparalleled sense of space and generations of pio-neers. 
This is Colorado. From west to east 
and north to south, the beauty, herit-age, and vitality of Colorado calls and beckons across our Nation and the world to those looking and longing for a place to call home, to live and work, to visit and vacation. 
Our love for Colorado drives us to be 
better stewards of the land, to reach for solutions to great challenges, and to find optimism in every vale and val-ley. For generations, we have chal-lenged our sons and daughters to al-ways look up—look up to that great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:07 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.012 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1566 March 17, 2015 
Rocky Mountain horizon—as our ever- 
young State and our ever-hopeful atti-tude live peak to peak—the honor of living in the west, a land of oppor-tunity and new beginnings. 
It is this constant drive for a better 
future for our great State and Nation that leads me to the floor of the Senate to speak for the first time, where my duties as Colorado’s newest Senator begin, walking in the footsteps of Colo-rado’s first Senators, Jerome Chaffee and Henry Teller, and alongside my colleague Senator M
ICHAEL BENNET . It 
is an incredible and heavy obligation to fulfill to well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office, defending our Constitution with faith and allegiance to the rights we cherish, but an obliga-
tion and duty every person in Colorado expects us not just to fulfill but to excel at—from Beecher Island to the Book Cliffs, from Fisher’s Peak to the Pawnee. Somewhere in between is my hometown of Yuma, home to hardy pio-neers that have seen the high plains through great success and record har-vests, depression and dust bowls, drought and tragedy. Yet through it all, the good times and challenges, it is still called home by generations who would live nowhere else. 
It is here in this little eastern plains 
town, weatherworn and always thirsty, that Jaime and I are raising our chil-dren, Alyson, Thatcher, and Caitlyn, in a home that once belonged to their great-great-grandparents and are sur-rounded in town by family, Lala and Papa, great-grandparents, and more. 
No matter where across Colorado’s 
four corners you live or across this great Nation, we all hope for the same thing for our children—to live in a lov-ing community that values every cit-izen, where they learn the value of hard work and perseverance, where hard work is met with merited reward, and that they find a Nation of liberty and freedom that they help make a lit-tle more free and a little more perfect to carry on the tradition of our Found-ing Fathers, always endeavoring to be better tomorrow than they are today. 
Our Nation has always understood 
that this endeavor is not something that is just passed on, hoping someone else does the work for us. It is some-thing we ourselves have to fight for today. We are responsible for the start-ing point we hand to the next genera-tion, and we have a moral obligation to make it the best point possible, always advancing. 
To accomplish this I have laid out a 
Four Corners plan representing all areas of Colorado and those issues that matter most to the people of this coun-try: growing our economy and getting this Nation back to work in the kinds of jobs with the kind of salary that al-lows people to achieve their dreams, to develop North American energy secu-rity while enhancing the protection and appreciation of our environment, and making sure that we give our chil-dren the tools they need to succeed in a world growing both in its complexity and its interconnectedness. In rural America we must work not 
only to keep the generations of fami-lies who grew up there on the farm and ranch but to find new ways to bring new families back to the farms, ranches, and small towns throughout our great State. We must revitalize Main Streets that are slowly losing their place as the heart and soul of the community—boarded up and forgotten. To do this I will introduce legislation that will help provide ways to infuse new investments and life into our rural communities, called the Rural Philan-thropy Act. It will help struggling businesses to find new private sector partners to serve their community, whether it is a smalltown newspaper or a local clothing store. It will help grow jobs and create more opportunities for startups and innovation. 
We must look to reimagine burden-
some rules and regulations that tie the hands of people who want to start a business by revitalizing Main Street and breathing new life into a tired city block. Doing good things shouldn’t be so difficult, and we need a government that recognizes this. 
Colorado’s economy will also benefit 
from value-added trade opportunities with the passage of new trade agree-ments opening up new markets and eliminating barriers to growing mar-kets. I will work to ensure that small businesses have the resources they need to participate in trade, making sure the benefit of new markets doesn’t just stop at the biggest corporations. 
Through my First in Space Initia-
tive, we will focus on policies that pro-mote and grow Colorado’s leading aero-space economies, launching new jobs in space, engineering, and aeronautics. 
A healthy economy means that ev-
eryone benefits—not just those who al-ready have found success. That is why I will work to expand the earned-in-come tax credit. By eliminating the waste, fraud, and abuse all too common within the EITC, we can save billions of dollars and then use that money to expand the credit, making a program that has already lifted millions of peo-ple out of poverty to do even more good for people throughout Colorado and in our urban centers. Measuring a suc-cessful economy shouldn’t simply be a matter of looking to see whether the haves have more but about what poli-cies we have put in place to actually help the poor lift themselves out of poverty. 
We are living in a veneered economy. 
While the numbers on Wall Street look good and profits are looking up, scratch the surface and too many peo-ple continue to suffer, endlessly search-ing for jobs they desperately need and earning the kinds of salary they need to help achieve their family’s goals. While parts of Colorado may be suc-ceeding, others are struggling. True success means that every part of our State’s economy flourishes. 
Thanks to our State’s energy econ-
omy, parts of the State that seem to have been left behind are now thriving. A national policy geared towards North 
American energy independence will not only boost jobs and provide abundant and affordable energy upon which our economy relies, but it will boost our national security by providing to our allies abroad the energy partner they need that presents an alternative to nations such as Russia and Iran. 
I look forward to continuing my push 
for an expedited export process for LNG, allowing Mesa and La Plata County energy producers the oppor-tunity to play a leading role in na-tional security while creating jobs at home. 
Commonsense Colorado energy solu-
tions also means focusing on renewable energy as well. Harnessing the winds in Weld, the sun in San Luis, and the power of water in the West, we can lessen pollution and help clean up the air. Working across the aisle with Sen-ator C
HRIS COONS from Delaware, I will 
focus on energy-savings performance contracts, an often overlooked private sector tool that has the potential to create thousands of jobs and save the taxpayer billions of dollars while help-ing to reduce pollution. 
Reducing pollution and protecting 
our environment is a cornerstone of Colorado. I look forward to working with Congressman S
COTT TIPTON on 
legislation to help preserve and restore our great forest lands and to protect Colorado landscapes. Whether it is healthy forest legislation, reducing the maintenance backlog in our national parks or finding collaborative solutions to challenging land conflicts, we owe it to future generations of Coloradans to pass on an environment that is cleaner when they receive it than the one which we inherited. 
Future generations of Coloradans 
also deserve the opportunity to receive an education. Whether that is fighting to restore local control to States, school districts, and parents or work-ing to make the dream of a college de-gree a reality, our future depends on our ability to provide the skills and training for the next generation of leaders and entrepreneurs. 
I will continue work on my legisla-
tion called the Making College Afford-able Act. This will help families save for college and meet expenses in pri-mary and secondary education. I look forward to promoting STEM education opportunities and transforming our im-migration system from one that sends the best and brightest students back home to compete against us to one that allows them the opportunity to stay here in the United States to cre-ate jobs and innovation that we will continue to benefit from. 
There is no doubt in the next 6 years 
many issues will arise that fall outside these Four Corner issues, and I look forward to meeting every single one of these challenges by finding new oppor-tunities that will help make Colorado a better place. 
I look forward to working with Con-
gressman M
IKECOFFMAN to finish the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:07 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.018 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1567 March 17, 2015 
VA hospital in Aurora, a hospital 
earned through sacrifice but tarnished by delay. When it is completed, it will give veterans a far better place for the care they deserve. That always must be our focus, making Colorado and the United States a better place, giving the people of this country the confidence that we can work together to achieve common goals, to strive for brighter horizons, to deliver to the American people a government they can be proud of again. I will work with Senator B
EN-
NET and anyone who is committed to 
these common goals. 
Too many people believe that govern-
ment can no longer address the great challenges of our time—an $18 trillion debt, mounting entitlement costs, a health care crisis that continues into the next century, and seemingly over-whelming policy challenges. Some leaders would have us believe they can’t do anything about it, that a man-aged decline is better than a rapid de-cline. 
The American people know better. 
They don’t have to—and indeed, they will not—accept second best. A govern-ment that we can be proud of is one that solves the greatest challenges of our time, balances our budget, and puts in place solutions that rise above the rhetoric. A government we can be proud of again means an America that is always advancing and never in re-treat. 
Our search for solutions, our search 
for a government we can be proud of comes from the common bond—regard-less of color, gender or creed, and, yes, even party—that we as Americans all hold: the shared story of our lives, the unrelenting American spirit. This is the American story. 
We owe our Nation to the sacrifices 
made by millions of men and women for freedom for each other, to countless generations in the past and present who have worn a uniform in the de-fense of our Nation—a nation made ex-ceptional by pioneering people, a na-tion of innovation and opportunity, a nation that imagines and inspires, a nation that rises above to be better to-morrow than we are today. 
I grew up working at the family im-
plement dealership, a family business that was started by my great-grand-father 100 years ago. Sweeping the floors and cleaning the bathrooms, I learned what it takes to make a busi-ness work. I learned about the employ-ees who made the business function and how we succeed as a business when our employees succeed—the hard-work-ing men and women who hope their as-pirations will be fulfilled. 
I learned from my grandma, the real 
life Rosie the Riveter who welded lib-erty ships in World War II alongside her husband, my grandpa. They gave up everything, moving their family and all they had in life to be part of the ef-fort to win the war and to provide their four children with the opportunity to succeed and to build their own futures for their own families in a free world. A few weeks ago, when going through 
some old boxes—a random collection of endless material, pictures—I discov-ered a stack of letters that were writ-ten by my grandfather to his parents and to my grandmother during World War II. The letters were written in near perfect cursive. Others were typed on an old hammer-strike typewriter they undoubtedly used to the last days of the implement dealership. He talked about the loneliness for home, new friends he had made during the war, questions about his young son, and the new countries he was visiting in France and beyond. 
I would like to share parts of one of 
those letters today because it shares part of our American story. It was written on August 15, 1945. 
Dear Folks, 
Aha, that day, 14 August, is indeed a his-
tory making day, and last night at twelve o’clock when at last all the rumors were con-firmed that the world was at peace I said a silent prayer and know that it won’t be long until we are all together again. If you pull those reins hard enough, maybe I will be home for Xmas, mother, certainly have a good chance of making it now, although any-thing can still happen and there are thou-sands of miles to cover, but one can’t help but be optimistic. 
It must have been an incredible feel-
ing to know that the war you had been fighting, the war that had consumed the world and taken our Nation’s young men and women thousands of miles away from home was over, to have received word that ‘‘the rumors were confirmed that the world was at peace.’’ And after years of battle and weariness and a silent prayer, the opti-mism of one soldier and that soldier’s Nation persevered. 
There are countless families across 
this country who share a similar story. One of their aunts or uncles, parents or siblings are people who share the honor and the obligation of wearing a uni-form for the United States of America with all of the responsibility that comes along with it. 
They are people whom we will most 
likely never meet, nor will we ever be able to fully thank them, but they still fought for all of us. Through the words of one simple letter, we recognize the power of peace over conflict, of love for family and country. A silent prayer, no doubt of thanks, thanks for answering so many other silent prayers, silent prayers for a day of peace and home-coming. What it must have been like to know that the great darkness of war which threatened freedom not for some but for all had finally come to an end. Just like that, you will be home as if nothing ever happened. 
Somewhere in that silent prayer, 
under the new calm of a war-torn hori-zon was the thanksgiving of a soldier for his victorious nation, a soldier looking to go home a civilian to live out his dreams far away from harm, in the arms of his family. 
While we may disagree on the details 
of policy and the tactics of direction, let us make no mistake in our charge— to ensure that we have a nation that is 
worthy of the sacrifice so many have made; to refuse to pass on to future generations a nation in retreat or de-cline; to make sure ours is a nation that is always worth fighting for. This is Colorado. This is the United States of America. 
I yield the floor. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
REMEMBERING EDWARD WILLIAM BROOKE III  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on Janu-
ary 3, the Nation lost a courageous public servant—actually, an icon of the 20th century: Massachusetts Senator Edward William Brooke III. He was 95 years old. 
I have had the privilege of serving 
with more than 350 Senators since Vermonters first elected me to rep-resent them in this Chamber. There is a very special list of those with whom I have served, and it is a privilege to count among those on that special list Senator Edward Brooke. We were both elected representatives of Northeastern States, even though we came from dif-ferent political parties. 
Senator Brooke and I forged a rela-
tionship that lasted long after he left Congress. We actually shared a similar start to our careers. As a former State’s Attorney, I admired and re-spected Senator Brooke’s legacy as a fearless prosecutor. As Attorney Gen-eral for the Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts, Senator Brooke exposed and fought against political corruption. 
He was no stranger to breaking bar-
riers, and he ultimately became the first African American elected in Mas-sachusetts to serve in the United States Senate—a post he held for 12 years. 
Senator Brooke was a problem-solv-
er. He wanted to spend his time in the Senate making a difference, not just making pronouncements. He invested his considerable abilities in bridging racial, economic, and political divides to solve the challenges facing the Na-tion. He was a key, and sometimes cru-cial, voice along the difficult path to-ward enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1968. He spearheaded equal oppor-tunity legislative initiatives from housing, to education, to employment. I think there was no bridge Senator Brooke was unwilling to cross to make lives better. 
Senator Brooke is one of the few Sen-
ators to receive the Nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He was also the recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal. His service in World War II was recognized with a Bronze Star. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:07 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.019 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1568 March 17, 2015 
This lifelong public servant dedicated 
his life to defending the bedrock prin-ciples of this country. His legacy of fighting for justice and equality is as important today as ever before. It is a legacy that will always deserve to be remembered and honored. 
Marcelle and I feel privileged to have 
known him and I send my condolences to his wife, Anne, his children, and his grandchildren. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Mr. President, the New York Times 
ran an editorial this morning aptly en-titled ‘‘The Loretta Lynch Confirma-tion Mess.’’ The editorial writers note: 
Of course, as Mr. McConnell readily ac-
knowledged, the delay [of the vote on Loret-ta Lynch’s nomination] is not simply about trafficking legislation but a redirection of Republicans’ fury at what they consider Mr. Obama’s lawless actions. 
If Republicans are serious about law 
enforcement, serious about imple-menting the legislation I hope will pass to combat and prevent human traf-ficking, they will stop their partisan attacks and allow a vote on Loretta Lynch’s nomination. After all, she has a very good record of prosecuting peo-ple who are involved in trafficking. You can’t say you are in favor of stop-ping trafficking and then block an At-torney General who has a record of en-forcing the trafficking laws. 
It has been 19 days since the bipar-
tisan majority in the Senate Judiciary Committee favorably reported her nomination. She has been waiting longer for a floor vote than the five most recent attorneys general com-bined. She has been waiting for a vote for 19 days. If you took Attorneys Gen-eral Reno, Ashcroft, Gonzales, Mukasey, and Holder, all of them to-gether were 18 days. For Loretta Lynch it is 19 days. 
It has certainly been much longer 
than for the three men nominated dur-ing the last Republican administration or for the incumbent Attorney General nominated by this administration. She has now waited, as I said, longer than the previous five Attorneys General combined. 
If we don’t vote on her this week, her 
nomination will have waited on the Senate floor longer than the most re-cent seven Attorneys General com-bined. I hope it doesn’t come to that. That would show a real disdain for the Department of Justice in its efforts to enforce our laws, to stop trafficking, and to go after terrorists, but it is also beneath the Senate. 
Certainly when I was chairman, I did 
not do that for President Bush’s Attor-ney General nominee when he was in his last 2 years as President. As chair-man I moved Judge Mukasey through in a fraction of the time we have taken on Loretta Lynch. I did this even though his nomination was not some-thing I supported and I ultimately voted against it. I moved him forward quickly even though Judge Mukasey was unwilling to state how he felt about President Bush’s position on tor-ture and did not seem to have a posi-
tion on the politicization of his prede-cessor, or his work with U.S. attorneys, things that set back law enforcement for years. In fact, even though he had no position on most of the issues Presi-dent Bush was involved in, either through Executive orders or otherwise, he was still moved through in a tiny fraction of the time Loretta Lynch has been pending so far. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
New York Times article I mentioned earlier. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, March 17, 2015] 
THELORETTA LYNCH CONFIRMATION MESS 
(By the Editorial Board) 
What does the abortion issue have to do 
with the prevention of human trafficking? Nothing. 
What do either of those things have to do 
with Loretta Lynch, whom President Obama nominated more than four months ago to succeed Eric Holder Jr. as attorney general of the United States? Even less. 
Yet Ms. Lynch’s confirmation as the na-
tion’s top law enforcement officer—which seemed like a sure thing only a few weeks ago—is being held hostage to last-minute po-litical mischief. 
Ms. Lynch, a supremely well-qualified 
prosecutor, has waited far too long to be con-firmed. Senate Republicans said as recently as last week that they would schedule Ms. Lynch’s confirmation vote for this week, but, on Sunday, the majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, said that won’t hap-pen until the Senate moves forward on a bi-partisan trafficking bill, which would, among other things, establish a fund for vic-tims through a fine paid by those convicted of trafficking crimes. 
The legislation, which sailed through com-
mittee in February, stalled last week when Democrats noticed a provision that would prohibit money in the fund from being used to pay for abortions. The original Senate bill, introduced in the last Congress, made no reference to abortion. Nor did the House’s version of the bill, introduced by Representa-tive Erik Paulsen, a Republican of Min-nesota. ‘‘There is no reason it should be in-cluded in these bills,’’ Mr. Paulsen said last week of the abortion language. ‘‘This issue is far too important to tie it up with an unre-lated fight with politics as usual.’’ 
Republicans say they routinely add the 
abortion language into many bills and that Democrats should have read more carefully. Democrats say Republicans operated in bad faith—not to mention in violation of Senate norms—by misrepresenting the bill’s con-tents. 
This dispute has nothing to do with the 
needs of the Justice Department. It is be-yond irresponsible to strand the department without a leader, sowing instability and un-certainty in an important executive agency. 
Mr. Holder announced his retirement in 
September, to the evident delight of Repub-licans who have opposed him from the start. One would have thought they would be eager to see him go, yet almost six months later he remains in office because a replacement has not been confirmed. No one disputes Ms. Lynch’s experience or accomplishments. She currently leads the federal prosecutor’s of-fice in the Eastern District of New York, and she has received the support of senators of both parties. The only objection anyone could come up with was that she might not 
stand up against President Obama’s policies, an odd criticism to aim at a prospective cab-inet member. 
Of course, as Mr. McConnell readily ac-
knowledged, the delay is not simply about trafficking legislation but a redirection of Republicans’ fury at what they consider Mr. 
Obama’s lawless actions. Ms. Lynch is ‘‘suf-fering from the president’s actions,’’ he said Sunday, referring to Mr. Obama’s move on immigration policy last November. 
This is not the way for Republicans to re-
assure the country of their ability to govern now that they control both houses of Con-gress. Instead, they could start by ending the delay on what should be a straightforward floor vote and do the job Americans elected them to do. 
Mr. LEAHY. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, next 
Tuesday, March 24, we will reach the deadline for the deal with Iran for its illicit nuclear program. That is the date by which the Obama administra-tion said it would have a framework for a final agreement with Iran. So far, it seems as though the administration is willing to make a deal at any cost. America cannot afford that and Con-gress should not allow it. An over-whelming majority of Americans be-lieve we should not accept a bad deal with the Iranians. In one poll earlier this month, 84 percent of Americans said it is a bad idea to accept the kinds of concessions this administration seems to be making. 
The Obama administration started 
negotiating with Iran more than 5 years ago. It has mishandled these talks from the very beginning by con-ceding Iran’s right to enrich uranium. This deal was supposed to be about stopping Iran’s nuclear program as a pathway to a bomb. Negotiators start-ed off by insisting that Iran should have no more than 1,500 centrifuges to produce nuclear materials. That num-ber has steadily grown during the nego-tiations. According to David Ignatius in the Washington Post on February 24, the number is now four times the level where we started. His article is entitled ‘‘A compelling argument on Iran.’’ It says, ‘‘The deal taking shape would likely allow Iran about 6,000’’ cen-trifuges. So we have gone from 1,500 to 4,000 to now 6,000. The author of the ar-ticle says one administration official told him that even 9,000 centrifuges would be okay. 
Remember, Iran is not supposed to 
have a uranium enrichment program. The United Nations Security Council has demanded the program be sus-pended. So why is the Obama adminis-tration negotiating on this point at all? When did this change from being an attempt to stop Iran’s nuclear pro-gram to become an attempt to delay or to manage Iran’s nuclear program? If this deal makes too many of these kinds of concessions to the Iranians, it would be just one more example of the failed foreign relations of this Obama Presidency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.021 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1569 March 17, 2015 
Go back and look at what happened 
with the Russian reset. It was the reset button Secretary of State Clinton launched in March of 2009—6 years ago 
this month. Look at her comments in which she said that Syrian President Assad was ‘‘a reformer.’’ President Obama talked about a redline with Syria—a redline that Syria could not cross by using chemical weapons against his own people. Assad crossed that line more than 2 years ago. 
Remember when the President called 
ISIS a JV team? 
This is all part of a pattern of the 
Obama administration under-estimating our enemies and being out-maneuvered by them. This administra-tion has a terrible record of being wrong about Iran as well. 
When Congress was debating in-
creased sanctions against Iran, the White House opposed those sanctions. Congress had to force sanctions author-ity on the President. It was those sanc-tions—the ones Congress imposed upon the President—that brought Iran to the negotiating table. Now the administra-tion says it opposes congressional par-ticipation once again. Well, I don’t be-lieve the White House gets to be the sole decider on this important issue. 
The administration claims it under-
stands it would be better to have no deal at all than to have a bad deal, and I agree. That is why we need over-sight—oversight by Congress—to make sure this is not a bad deal. The nego-tiators don’t get to decide for them-selves if it is a good deal or a bad deal. The American people get a say, and Congress, as the elected representa-tives of the people, is the right place for the people to have their voices heard. 
So what does the Obama administra-
tion have to say about all this? The President’s Chief of Staff sent a letter over the weekend, Saturday night—the Saturday night surprise—and he said Congress will get to be involved only after the administration signs a deal. Congress gets to be involved only after people get to find out what is in it, after President Obama signs a deal. It is kind of like N
ANCY PELOSI when she 
said of the health care law, first you have to pass it before you get to find out what is in it. 
So why is it the Chief of Staff of the 
President is acting this way? Why is the Obama administration telling Members of Congress, both Republicans and Democrats, to sit down and be quiet? Let’s be clear about what is at stake here. If the Obama administra-tion allows Iran to continue with its il-licit nuclear program, the world will be less safe, less stable, and less secure. Any agreement must be accountable, must be enforceable, and must be verifiable. If that is not the case, then it is a bad deal. 
We need to make sure this deal is 
about protecting Americans, not pro-tecting the President’s diplomatic leg-acy. If the Obama administration is so confident it can negotiate a good deal, why not let Congress participate? We have bipartisan legislation here 
that Senator C
ORKER has written with 
Democrats and Republicans as cospon-sors. That bipartisan legislation would make sure that congressional sanctions currently in place stay in place, and they stay in place long enough for Con-gress to hold hearings and to take whatever action is needed. That bill being proposed will be before the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations next week. That bill will guarantee the President keeps an eye on Iran’s com-pliance with any agreement. If the Ira-nians try to break the deal, we would know about it so that Congress would reimpose sanctions, reinstate sanc-tions. 
The American people need to be in-
volved in this process. Getting onboard and getting the approval of Congress only strengthens the agreement the ad-ministration negotiates. It will vali-date, give more legitimacy to it, and more credibility. Congress should and must be involved. It will make clear to both our allies and our enemies that America stands united in our commit-ment to ending Iran’s nuclear program. It also makes it far more likely this agreement will outlast the Obama ad-ministration. 
When President Obama and Vice 
President B
IDEN were Senators, they 
favored this kind of involvement by Congress. They both actually cospon-sored legislation requiring Congress to approve any long-term security com-mitment President Bush was to make with Iraq. Well, a long agreement with Iran over its nuclear program to me is even more important. 
In one policy after another, President 
Obama has disregarded the views of the American people. This is a huge con-cern. He has ignored Congress. He acted on his own even when he had no authority to act. He has done it on the domestic side, he has done it on the foreign relations side, and it looks to me as if the administration is planning once again to ignore Congress and the American people in pursuit of an inad-equate deal with Iran. It is time for Congress to step in and to stand up for the American people. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
Washington Post story of February 24 by David Ignatius entitled ‘‘A compel-ling argument on Iran.’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Feb. 24, 2015] 
A COMPELLING ARGUMENT ON IRAN 
(By David Ignatius) 
Prussian King Frederick the Great offered 
this rebuke to those who refused to allow any concessions: ‘‘If you try to hold every-
thing, you hold nothing.’’ 
President Obama might make a similar re-
tort to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s attack on the alleged ‘‘bad deal’’ the United States is contemplating with Iran. Netanyahu rejects any conces-sions that allow Iran to enrich uranium; he thinks the U.S. goal of a one-year ‘‘break-out’’ period before Iran could build a bomb isn’t enough. To which several leading administration 
officials respond: Okay, then, what’s a better practical idea for controlling Iran’s nuclear program? They see in Netanyahu’s maxi-malist goals an air of unreality—of fantasy, even. They grant that their solution isn’t perfect. But they argue that it’s far better for Israel and the West than any other plau-sible scenario. 
The Iran nuclear talks, arguably the most 
important diplomatic negotiations of the last several decades, will come to a head next month. Netanyahu will take his case against the agreement to Congress on March 3 in an unusual speech organized by the Re-publican House speaker. His own political leadership will be tested in Israeli elections on March 17. The Iran negotiations will reach a March 24 deadline for the framework of a final comprehensive accord. 
Israel’s Minister of Intelligence Yuval 
Steinitz made the case against the Iran agreement in an interview with me last week. ‘‘From the very beginning, we made it clear we had reservations about the goal of the negotiations,’’ he explained. He said Obama’s effort to limit the Iranian nuclear program for a decade or so, in the expecta-tion that a future generation of leaders wouldn’t seek a bomb, was ‘‘too specula-tive.’’ 
The administration’s response is that the 
agreement is better than any realistic alter-native. Officials argue it would put the Ira-nian program in a box, with constraints on all the pathways to making a bomb. Perhaps more important, it would provide strict mon-itoring and allow intrusive inspection of Ira-nian facilities—not just its centrifuges but its uranium mines, mills and manufacturing facilities. If Iran seeks a covert path to building a bomb, the deal offers the best hope of detecting it. 
If the current talks collapsed, all these 
safeguards would disappear. The Iranians could resume enrichment and other cur-rently prohibited activities. In such a situa-tion, the United States and Israel would face a stark choice over whether to attack Ira-nian facilities—with no guarantee that such an attack would set Tehran back more than a few years. 
The deal taking shape would likely allow 
Iran about 6,000 IR–1 centrifuges at Natanz. The Iranians apparently wouldn’t install IR– 2s, which operate twice as fast, and they would limit research on future models, up to IR–8s, that are on the drawing board. How these research limits would be monitored and enforced is a key bargaining issue. An-other critical variable is the size of the stockpile Iran could maintain; U.S. officials want a very low number, with additional en-riched material shipped out of Iran. 
One official argues that the United States 
would be better off with 9,000 IR–1s and a small stockpile than with 1,000 IR–2s and a large stockpile. Netanyahu probably won’t address this issue in his speech to Congress, since he insists the only acceptable number of centrifuges is zero. 
Another key technical issue is how non- 
permitted centrifuges would be dismantled. There is a range of options, from simply unplugging the equipment to pulverizing it altogether. The United States wants a for-mula that would require at least a year for the Iranians to restart the shelved equip-ment. As for the planned Iranian plutonium reactor at Arak, negotiators seem to have agreed on a compromise that will halt con-struction well before Arak becomes ‘‘hot’’ with potential bomb fuel. 
The length of the agreement is a crucial 
variable. U.S. officials have always spoken of a ‘‘double-digit’’ duration period, somewhere between 10 and 15 years. Negotiators are also exploring the possibility of different phases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:07 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.024 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1570 March 17, 2015 
of the timeline, with inspection provisions 
having a longer life span than, say, limits on the number of centrifuges. 
The deal-breaker for the administration is 
if Iran balks at U.S. insistence that sanc-tions will only be removed step by step, as Iran demonstrates that it’s serious about abiding by the agreement. In the U.S. view, Iran has to earn its way back to global ac-ceptance. 
The Iran deal is imperfect. As Count Met-
ternich observed in 1807 about negotiations with the rising powers of his day, ‘‘Peace does not exist with a revolutionary system.’’ But U.S. officials make a compelling case that this agreement is a start toward a safer Middle East. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. I rise to speak on S. 178, the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and the Toomey-Manchin amendment No. 291 to that bill. 
First of all, I wish to thank Senator 
C
ORNYN for bringing this bill to the 
Senate floor. It is a bipartisan bill. It is an extremely important bill. It has been awfully frustrating that we can’t even get onto this bill. It is especially hard to understand because of the fact that this is a bipartisan bill which has 10 Democratic cosponsors and another 3 Democrats who voted for it in the Senate Judiciary Committee. This shouldn’t even be controversial. 
It is particularly disturbing because 
when you think about what we are try-ing to address with Senator C
ORNYN ’s 
bill, it is awfully important. I mean, what can be more despicable than what we are trying to go after here—traf-ficking human beings? This is a form of modern-day slavery, is what it is, and some of the most despicable people in the world take the most vulnerable people in our society and they turn them into essentially slaves in the sex industry. I mean, as appalling as that is, it happens, and it happens in every State. 
What this bill does is it provides 
more tools for law enforcement to bet-ter be able to crack down on this ap-palling practice and provides harsher penalties, as well it should, and it pro-vides more resources for folks who do the important work of helping victims to heal, which is a very long, very dif-ficult, very painful process. It is un-imaginable what some of these folks go through. Children are forced into slav-ery, brutalized, beaten, and raped. It is dehumanizing—an atrocious situation. We have a bill which is bipartisan and which would actually do something constructive about it, and our Demo-cratic colleagues will not even allow us to begin the debate, much less move on in the process. I understand there is a provision in 
the bill they don’t like. I get that. But we have offered repeatedly that they would be allowed to offer any amend-ment they like. They can offer an amendment to strike the language to which they object, and that is the way the Senate is supposed to work. You put a bill on the floor. If somebody 
doesn’t like something that is in it, you try to change it. It is pretty basic, pretty fundamental, and that is what we ought to be doing. But we haven’t been able to persuade enough of our Democratic colleagues to allow us to proceed to this bill yet. I hope we will soon. 
One of the reasons I hope so goes be-
yond the substance of this bill, and that is the amendment Senator M
ANCHIN and I will introduce as soon as 
we are able to do that. This is an amendment which will allow us to amend the underlying trafficking bill with a bill Senator M
ANCHIN and I have 
introduced designed to protect kids from sexual abuse. It is amendment No. 291, and it is based on a bill we have called the Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act. The goal is to protect kids from pedophiles in schools. That is what it comes down to. There is overwhelming bipartisan support for our legislation, the bill I introduced with Senator M
ANCHIN . It 
passed the House unanimously. 
I rose last week to ask unanimous 
consent to bring up this amendment and make it pending so we could debate and we could vote on it, and one of our friends from the other side of the aisle objected to that as well. So there is no progress on this yet, but I am con-vinced that this isn’t going to stand. I am convinced that enough Democratic Senators are going to come to their senses and they are going to join us in voting on this bill and that we are going to be able to somehow proceed with this and proceed with the various amendments I and others intend to offer. 
I want to speak a little bit about my 
amendment because I think we are going to get to it. As I mentioned, it is about protecting kids at school from violent and sexual predators. Let me start with an observation that should go without saying, but I will say it anyway. 
We all know that the overwhelming 
majority of school authorities, teach-ers and nonteachers alike, are very good and decent people and that it would never occur to them to abuse the children in their care. They are moti-vated in their desire to help kids suc-ceed in the various ways they help guide these kids. I am completely con-vinced that the overwhelming majority of teachers and school employees don’t want a pedophile anywhere near their school. They don’t want them in the classroom next to them. They don’t want them coaching their kids. They don’t want them in any way involved because most teachers have good sense and decency. That is the way they are. But the reality is that schools are, in 
fact, where the kids are, and pedophiles know this. So we have a problem. The problem is that some of these predators are finding ways into the schools. 
Stated very clearly, last year alone, 
459 school employees—some teachers, some not teachers—459 adult school employees were arrested across Amer-ica for sexual misconduct with the kids they are supposed to be looking after; 459 that we knew enough about what they were doing and the prosecutors felt they had a strong enough case that they could actually go ahead and make the arrest. How many more are under investigation? How many more where there are suspicions but no evidence with which to pursue a case? Probably 
a lot more. But we know for sure there are 459 appalling cases, and so far this year, we are on track to have similar numbers. We are 76 days into the school year, and over 90 school employ-ees have already been arrested this year across the country. 
This is absolutely a real problem. 
Some of these predators are finding ways to slip through the cracks of the system that is meant to keep them out, and Senator M
ANCHIN and I want 
to do something about it. 
Here is our suggestion. We have a bill 
that does two simple things. It says to the State: If you are going to collect the millions of dollars in Federal fund-ing that go to primary and secondary education, then you have to do a prop-er background check and you have to make sure you are not hiring a pedophile. You have to check the Fed-eral and State databases to make sure you are doing a thorough background check. And the second requirement is you can’t engage or permit anybody to engage in this appalling practice that is known as passing the trash. It is shocking that this could even exist, but it does. 
I will tell you the story that actually 
inspired this legislation, which is a case in point of passing the trash. The story begins with a teacher teaching in Delaware County, PA. This teacher was a pedophile who was molesting boys who were in his care. The school dis-trict figured out what was going on. There was never enough evidence to ac-tually prosecute him, but they knew something was very wrong. The school district decided it would be better if this teacher became someone else’s problem, so, as appalling as it is, what they did was they wrote a letter of rec-ommendation to recommend this teacher for another job provided that he leave. Well, he leaves. He goes across the State border into West Vir-ginia, applies for and, in part on the strength of the letter of recommenda-tion he had, he gets hired at a school in West Virginia. He works as a teacher. He resumes what these people do— abusing children. Eventually, he be-comes principal, and while principal at the school, he rapes and murders a 12- year-old boy named Jeremy Bell. 
So the practice of sending a letter of 
recommendation along with a monster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:07 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.005 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1571 March 17, 2015 
such as this is known as passing the 
trash. As appalling as that is, it hap-pens enough that it has its own name. As a matter of fact, just Friday, I was in Pittsburgh and I was visiting a won-derful group of people—Pittsburgh Ac-tion Against Rape—a great group of professionals who do wonderful work, mostly helping victims cope with the aftermath of their assaults. One of the people I met there and heard from is the president of the board of directors. Her name is Beth Docherty. She told her story. Her story began when she was 15 years old. She was in the band at her school when the band instructor began to rape her. When she came for-ward and told the authorities what was happening, the school promised the teacher they wouldn’t conduct any in-vestigation if he would just quietly re-sign. Then the school wrote a glowing letter of recommendation for this guy, which he took with him, went to Flor-ida, and found a teaching job there. 
Fortunately, the prosecutors in the 
case in Pennsylvania felt confident that they had a strong enough case, and in time they were actually able to get him back from Florida. They pros-ecuted him and they locked him up, and he is in jail today, where he be-longs and might be for the rest of his life. 
The point of this is, as appalling and 
shocking as it is to our conscience that anyone would do this, I am here to say it happens. It happens, and we need to do something about it for the sake of Jeremy Bell and for the sake of Beth Docherty and who knows how many other children. 
Our legislation simply requires that 
the State have a provision in its law that makes it illegal to knowingly rec-ommend for hire someone who is at-tacking kids. This, too, strikes me as a bill that should not be controversial. It passed the House unanimously. But there are people who are trying to kill this bill. We have some of our friends on the other side of the aisle, and out-side organizations from the left have argued against this. 
I want to quote from a letter that 
was sent to all of us explaining why a number of those groups are opposing the legislation. Here is the quote. This is what they say in their letter: 
‘‘Individuals who have been convicted 
of crimes and have completed their sentences should not be unnecessarily subjected to additional punishments because of these convictions.’’ 
Well, wait a minute. Think about the 
logic of that position. By that logic, an admitted convicted child molester who serves a 10-year prison sentence for his crime should be able to walk out of the jail, walk down the street, apply for and get a job teaching elementary schoolkids. How ridiculous is that? It is completely ridiculous. 
Our kids should not be involuntary 
members of a social experiment where we are trying to see which convicted child molesters are going to be recividists. Frankly, most of them are. I am not willing to take the risk that 
our kids should be left alone with peo-ple like that. We have a National Sex Offender Registry for a reason. It is be-cause we recognize those people pose a danger that extends past the time of their incarceration. Parents need to know about that. That is why we have this national registry. Schools need to avoid the danger. 
To be clear, I am not suggesting a 
convicted child molester can never work again anywhere, but I am saying they should not work in a school. I think that is completely reasonable. I am shocked, frankly, that these orga-nizations would come out against this commonsense legislation. 
But the objection, in fairness—some 
objection comes from our side of the aisle as well. I have a colleague for whom I have all the respect in the world. The senior Senator from Ten-nessee is a wonderful Senator. I agree with him on far more than I disagree. But I have to say, I strongly disagree with his view of this particular view. He has been here on the Senate floor. He has been very upfront with me about his opposition to our bill. The basis of his opposition to my bill is he believes that passing the legislation Senator M
ANCHIN and I are proposing, 
requiring background checks and for-bidding the passing of trash, con-stitutes the equivalent of a national school board, that it is an unreasonable infringement on schools. 
Well, I could not disagree more. Now 
the idea of a national school board is a terrible idea. I have no interest in that. You will never hear me arguing that the Federal Government should impose on States and school districts things such as appropriate class size, or whether you should teach geometry be-fore algebra in middle school, or what grade should students read ‘‘The Grapes of Wrath.’’ Any of those kinds of curriculum issues or testing issues should be left to local school boards and States. But that is not what we are trying to do here. 
What I am saying with my legisla-
tion with Senator M
ANCHIN is if a State 
takes billions and billions of Federal tax dollars each year, then you cannot use that money to pay the salary of a convicted child abuser. I think that is totally different. That is nothing like a national school board. 
Furthermore, we all voted in favor of 
the substance of these background check requirements when we all passed the child care development block grant bill, which, by the way, passed this Chamber with one dissenting vote. It was 98 to 1. There was one ‘‘no’’ vote, which had nothing to do with the back-ground check provisions, by the way. The senior Senator from Tennessee was an original cosponsor of that legisla-tion. 
By the way, that also passed the 
House unanimously. It is virtually identical. It holds that children in these daycare centers should have the protection that comes with knowing the employees have gone through this 
background check system. 
So do we have a national daycare 
board? I do not think so. If it is okay to protect the youngest of kids, which it certainly is and should be, why can-not we also extend that protection to kids who are a little bit older? We are insisting on a standard that is appro-priate and rigorous for kids who are toddlers. Then when they go to kinder-garten, we are not going to have the same standard to protect them? That makes no sense to me at all. 
Then another point I would make re-
garding this idea of a national school board is this practice of passing the trash. When a school district sends a letter of recommendation for a known offender, and he takes that letter with him and goes across State lines, what can a single State do about that? The case I described of Jeremy Bell, the lit-tle boy who was killed by the teacher in West Virginia who originated in Pennsylvania—what could West Vir-ginia do to forbid Pennsylvanians from sending a letter of recommendation for that teacher? Absolutely nothing is the answer. Because West Virginia’s legis-lative authority does not reach into Pennsylvania. This happens across State lines. In fact, it is a very con-scious decision on the part of many of these predators, because they want to put as much distance between their criminal activities as they can. When they move, they move far sometimes. So this demands a Federal response. There is nothing a State can do to solve this problem. That is why we ad-dress it in our bill. 
The other point I would make is, 
look, this is not the first time we have had the Federal Government establish some employment standards. We have Federal laws that, for instance, ban discrimination in schools. Schools are not permitted, under Federal law—you cannot discriminate in your hiring on the basis of sex or race or age or reli-gion or pregnancy. Does that mean we have a national school board? Does that mean we have a national school board? Does this mean we have to re-peal all of these laws? I do not think so. I think it is perfectly reasonable to have employment standards. 
Finally, I would say do we not have 
some responsibility of oversight of how Federal tax dollars get spent by the States? I mean, do we send the money and say: Hey, here is a pile of cash, do whatever you like with it? I do not think that is a very reasonable stand-ard. What could be more reasonable than simply saying you cannot use Federal tax dollars we are responsible for if you are going to use it to pay the salaries of convicted child abusers. I think that is pretty straightforward. 
I will say there may be alternative 
amendments here. There has been some discussion that some of our colleagues may offer alternatives to the legisla-tion Senator M
ANCHIN and I have. I am 
still willing to work with anyone on our side or the other side of the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:07 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.027 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1572 March 17, 2015 
If we can constructively work—if the 
goal is to actually get something passed that is going to be helpful, that is going to be constructive, then I will work with anybody to get there. But there are a few things I will not agree to. I will not agree to a provision that, under the guise of privacy, requires a school to stay silent while a known 
child molester seeks a new teaching job. That is not reasonable. I will not agree to a bill that does nothing to change the status quo, a bill that does nothing to provide additional protec-tions for our kids. 
Unfortunately, in my view, the 
amendment that is offered by the sen-ior Senator from Tennessee fits into this latter category. He has got an amendment that I think provides abso-lutely no additional protections. It says all States have to have a back-ground check system. But guess what. All States already do. The problem is, many of them are inadequate. As I said before, there is nothing a State can do about passing the trash across State lines. So it does nothing to stop pass-ing the trash. It does nothing to stop schools from hiring a convicted child rapist. It does not say anything about the standards of the background check. The bill is so loose that if a State sim-ply decided to do a Google search, that would meet the criteria of the bill. It is completely unacceptable. It does not change the status quo. It does nothing to protect the kids. You could make the argument that this bill is arguably worse than doing nothing, because it could undermine the effort to do this right, create the illusion of having done something at the national level when, in fact, it has not done so. 
I will conclude by simply saying I am 
not prepared to settle for the status quo. I am not satisfied when we have a situation where 459 school employees are arrested in a single year—arrested for sexual misconduct with the kids they are supposed to be taking care of. Obviously we have a problem here. I am not going to settle for a pretend piece of legislation that accomplishes nothing. 
What comes home to me is my own 
three kids. I have three young children. When one of my children gets on a schoolbus in the morning, I have every right to expect the school that child is going to—the school my child is going to—is as safe an environment for him or her as it can possibly be. Every other parent in Pennsylvania and every parent in America deserves to have peace of mind. Every child deserves to have that security. So that is why I am not going to give up on this. 
I am confident at some point our 
Democratic friends are going to realize it is a huge mistake for them to con-tinue their filibuster of the trafficking bill. When they do, they will agree to let us proceed to it. When that hap-pens, I will be back. Senator M
ANCHIN  
and I will offer our legislation as an amendment. We are going to have a de-bate about it. We are going to have a vote about it. I certainly hope we win 
this vote. This, again, is legislation that passed the House unanimously. If it passes the Senate, it is sure to be-come law. If it does not pass for some reason, then I am going to come back again and again until it does. 
I hope we will take this up sooner 
rather than later. I hope we get on this bill still this week. There is still time. I know we will have an open amend-ment process when we do. I look for-ward to offering this amendment. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, yester-
day, I, along with a number of my col-leagues, filed an amendment to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This amendment, based on the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act which we filed as a stand-alone bill last Con-gress, would provide grants to States that have laws on the books that allow women to petition for the termination of parental rights based on clear and convincing evidence that a child was conceived through rape. The goal is to encourage more States to adopt such laws. 
The amendment as drafted gives 
broad discretion to the Attorney Gen-eral to determine which States are eli-gible for grants and which are not. For that reason, I would like to say a few words regarding our intention in draft-ing this amendment. 
Under the Rape Survivor Child Cus-
tody Act, the Attorney General is em-powered to make grants to ‘‘States that have in place a law that allows the mother of any child that was con-ceived through rape to seek court-order termination of the parental rights of her rapist with regard to that child, which the court is authorized to grant upon clear and convincing evidence of rape.’’ Termination is defined as ‘‘a complete and final termination of the parent’s right to custody of, guardian-ship of, visitation with, access to, and inheritance from a child.’’ 
There are a number of States that 
have such a law on the books but which also state that parental rights can be reinstated if extenuating cir-cumstances occur. And while the bill states that a determination must be final, the bill was drafted with the idea that there is a difference between a ‘‘final’’ determination and an ‘‘unmodifiable’’ one. And States with such laws on the books should still qualify because the amendment does not say the determination has to be unmodifiable, just final. 
The intention as currently drafted is 
that 10 States would be eligible under their current laws. These 10 States are Alaska, Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Illi-nois, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Pennsyl-vania, Vermont, and Wisconsin. Once this amendment is hopefully adopted as part of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking and passed into law, I am confident that the Department of Jus-tice will concur in this assessment. 
In addition to this amendment, I 
have two other amendments which I filed yesterday. The first amendment would provide help support local law 
enforcement in their efforts to track down homeless and runaway youth by providing funding for retired Federal agents who assist the local law enforce-ment in these investigations. 
In September of 2013, a group of re-
tired FBI agents in Northwest Ohio came to my office and asked for help in creating a pilot program that would allow retired agents to assist local law enforcement in finding runaway chil-dren and teens. Generally, Northwest Ohio children who become involved in trafficking do so within about 2 weeks of running away from home, so finding them quickly is critical. Overall, about one-third of runaways become victims of trafficking. 
Toledo has just one detective work-
ing on missing person’s cases, both adults and children. These retired FBI agents want to help law-enforcement officials investigate the 18,000 run-aways in Ohio every year, but they need resources. Police don’t have the manpower to track these children, but every city has retired agents who could assist the ‘‘overworked’’ departments. 
The second amendment mirrors Con-
gressman M
ALONEY ’s Human Traf-
ficking Prevention Act. This legisla-tion comes in response to a State De-partment inspector general report rec-ommended the changes made by this amendment. It would train Foreign Service officers working at U.S. Em-bassies overseas to help stem the de-mand for trafficking and spot victims before they are trafficked into the United States. It passed the House in January on a voice vote, and I am con-fident that it would find similar broad support in the Senate. 
Mr. TOOMEY. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COONS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT ANNIVERSARY  
Mr. COONS. Madam President, today 
is the 50th anniversary of the introduc-tion of the bipartisan Voting Rights Act of 1965, a day we are reminded of what is possible when we come to-gether across party lines. 
It was 50 years ago today that Repub-
lican minority leader Senator Everett Dirksen and Democratic majority lead-er Senator Mike Mansfield came to-gether on this floor to introduce land-mark legislation that sought to fulfill the promise of the 15th Amendment to the Constitution and ensure that no person would be denied the right to vote because of the color of his or her skin. 
I was reminded of the power of their 
example just 2 weeks ago when I gath-ered with Republicans and Democrats from the House and Senate in Selma, AL, to honor the Americans who came 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.028 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1573 March 17, 2015 
from across our country 50 years ago to 
march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma and demand equal vot-ing rights. Their example was one of unity, as was the example of Members from both sides of the aisle who came together to introduce and eventually pass the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
So I am concerned as I come to the 
floor this afternoon about our trou-bling inability to come together in this Chamber on issues where there clearly should be broad agreement as well. I have with me a photographic reminder that the last time the Voting Rights Act was signed into law—was reauthor-ized—it was signed by Republican President George Bush, with the sup-port of both Democrats and Repub-licans in the then Congress. 
Those of us who gathered 2 weeks ago 
at the bridge at Selma were treated both to a stirring speech by our current President, and the cheering presence of President Bush, when a challenge was issued to those Members of Congress present that we should come together, fix the Voting Rights Act, and reintro-duce it in this Chamber. 
When it comes to voting rights, it 
surely is true that today’s America is not the America of half a century ago, just as today’s hurdles to the ballot box are not the same as in the time of Jim Crow. Yet it is also true that in too many cities, towns, States, and counties across our country, new road-blocks are being built to make it more difficult for Americans to vote. 
It is clear that, as President Obama 
said to us on the Edmund Pettus Bridge 2 weeks ago, ‘‘our march is not yet finished.’’ 
In the coming weeks, as Senator 
L
EAHY , I, and others work to bring to 
the Senate a new voting rights act that reflects today’s challenges, it is my sincere hope and my prayer that Re-publican colleagues will partner with us to continue the work that remains undone. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Madam President, this was also to be 
the week that we would take up, con-sider, and vote on the nomination of Loretta Lynch to serve as Attorney General. I must say that the Senate’s proceedings this week do not portend well, because we find ourselves, yet again, stuck in regrettable partisan gridlock. 
For the past 129 days, we have had 
before us an incredibly qualified and talented nominee for Attorney Gen-eral. Loretta Lynch was first nomi-nated by President Obama in Novem-ber. She has now waited for a vote longer than any Attorney General nominee in 30 years. 
As of today, her confirmation has 
waited longer on the floor than the last five Attorneys General combined. 
That is unacceptable, and I frankly 
haven’t heard a single good reason from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for why Ms. Lynch’s nomina-tion deserves such a delay. Instead, her nomination is being used by many to continue their fight with the President 
over his immigration policy, and this is after nearly shutting down the Depart-ment of Homeland Security because of those same disagreements. 
While we do need to have a focused 
and functional debate in this Congress about immigration, it is simply irre-sponsible to hold up a highly qualified nominee for Attorney General because some don’t like that she agrees with the very President who nominated her. 
I take very seriously the Senate’s 
role to advise and consent on Presi-dential nominations. So let’s just take a minute and look at Loretta Lynch’s experience, her background. 
She is a graduate of Harvard College 
and Harvard Law School. She spent 8 years in private practice at a pres-tigious law firm, then known as Hogan & Hartson. She served on the United Nations International Criminal Tri-bunal for Rwanda. 
She has served the public and pre-
viously been unanimously confirmed by this body—twice, I should add—to be the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. That is a job where she has prosecuted drug crimes, violent crimes, and where she has taken on corrupt politicians. 
At her nomination hearing in the Ju-
diciary Committee, on which I serve, our chairman called an outside witness panel of nine witnesses. When asked, not one of them said they opposed Ms. Lynch’s confirmation to be Attorney General on the basis of her skills or ex-perience. The committee was, in fact, unable to produce one shred of testi-mony in opposition to her nomination. 
Yet we stand today in the middle of 
March and the first African-American woman ever to be nominated Attorney General of the United States, our Na-tion’s top law enforcement official, has foundered on this floor longer than the five prior nominees combined. I think this is unacceptable and sets an unfor-tunate, even dangerous precedent. We should not play political games with the Department of Justice, an execu-tive branch agency with 125,000 em-ployees and a $28 billion departmental budget that is charged with all sorts of different law enforcement functions, from running the Federal prisons to en-forcing the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act, to making sure we fight human trafficking and money laun-dering. 
Frustratingly, we find ourselves this 
week also considering a bill to combat human trafficking, which we don’t seem to be able to move forward. It is 
important legislation that includes broad bipartisan support, except for a simple, partisan, political provision that has now turned it into a divisive issue. 
The Republican leader this week has 
argued that once we finished work on this human trafficking bill, we could then move on to Loretta Lynch’s nomi-nation vote. But I am forced to wonder when the delay tactics here will end. 
Not only is it seemingly untrue that 
we can’t do human trafficking legisla-tion and this nomination at the same 
time—because if my memory serves, we just confirmed two other executive branch nominees last night—but the Republican leader knows well that if he truly wanted to move this bill forward, Democrats would be ready to partner with him with just a minor revision to the bill. 
There is, in fact, a bitter irony that, 
as was reported last night, Loretta Lynch’s confirmation is being held up over an issue—human trafficking— which she herself said she would prioritize if confirmed. 
I ask my Republican colleagues: 
Let’s find a way to move forward on all of these issues—on combatting human trafficking and confirming Loretta Lynch to serve as Attorney General and on reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act, which is such an important linchpin of civil rights in this country. 
We agree that we need to combat 
human trafficking. So let’s work to-gether on the broad areas where we are, in fact, united. Let’s confirm an Attorney General nominee who is qualified, smart, and will give the fight against human trafficking the dedica-tion it deserves. Ms. Lynch would make a superb Attorney General. 
As someone who has herself served in 
law enforcement and served in that role at the State level, I think the Pre-
siding Officer appreciates the impor-tance of having a confirmed Attorney General to lead our Federal Depart-ment of Justice. 
Loretta Lynch has demonstrated— 
throughout her confirmation process and through her many years of service to her country—that she is well and amply prepared and qualified to take on this vital and important role. 
I urge my colleagues to end the 
delays and give Loretta Lynch the vote our country deserves. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
BRINGING MONTANA SOLUTIONS TO WASHINGTON  
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, it is 
an incredible honor to represent Mon-tana in the Senate. More than 150 years ago, a young Norwegian woman named Karine Dyrud immigrated to this coun-try. She came in search of freedom and opportunity. She came to a nation where government served the people and not the other way around. After her husband passed away, this tough widow and mother of seven headed West to Montana and settled with her children about an hour north of Great Falls. 
Karine Dyrud was my great-great- 
grandmother and the beginning of my Montana story. Her perseverance is the reason why my family has called Mon-tana home for five generations. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.030 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1574 March 17, 2015 
why Cindy and I have been able to pass 
along the legacy of faith and freedom, of personal responsibility, to our four children. 
We are blessed to live in the greatest 
Nation on Earth, and it is a solemn re-sponsibility of the Senate to do every-thing in its power to keep it that way. 
Before I was elected to Congress, I 
spent 28 years in the private sector growing companies and creating jobs. In fact, I am the only chemical engi-neer in Congress. In the private sector, we understand the importance of hard work, of innovation, accountability, and not spending more than you take in. 
The freedom of ideas and trade, pri-
vate property and opportunity, are the fundamental elements of liberty and of prosperity. These are the elements that helped RightNow Technologies—a Mon-tana-based cloud computing business that I served as vice president of for 12 years—grow from a small startup into a publicly traded company and a global leader in cloud computing. We created over 1,000 high-paying jobs—jobs that support a vibrant community with good schools and quality of life for Montana families. 
Unfortunately, Washington, DC, 
under the guise of equality, is en-croaching upon these freedoms, replac-ing the constitutional rule of law through elected officials with bureau-cratic rule that is unaccountable, inef-ficient, ineffective, and far too costly. Washington is more concerned with its own self-interest and self-gain than the well-being of the American people. 
As we begin consideration of the Fed-
eral budget this week, we must hold government accountable to the people. Last year, the New York Times did an assessment of the health and wealth of every county in the Nation. You might expect folks in Silicon Valley to be doing fairly well or perhaps in the sub-urbs of New York City. What shocked me was seeing that six of the Nation’s top 10 wealthiest counties surround Washington, DC. That sends a pretty clear message about where Washington priorities are. 
During the recession, while millions 
of Americans were struggling to make ends meet amidst layoffs and economic instability, Washington, DC, thrived. The Federal Government poured mil-lions of dollars into new buildings, and salaries kept growing and growing. 
It is time for Washington to be held 
accountable to the American people, and that is why the first bill I intro-duced in the Senate was the Balanced Budget Accountability Act. It simply requires Congress to balance the budg-et or Members won’t get paid. It is not that complicated. It is easy to meas-ure. It is very simple. No balanced budget, no paycheck. 
Washington is out of touch with the 
day-to-day struggles that American farmers, ranchers, union workers, and tribal members face every day. Look no farther than President Obama’s re-cent veto of the Keystone XL Pipeline. Instead of working toward North 
American energy independence, Presi-dent Obama continues to play politics with good-paying American jobs. In-stead of advancing economic oppor-tunity for hard-working Montana fami-lies, President Obama is instead per-petuating his war on energy and stand-ing in the way of affordable made-in- Montana and made-in-America energy. 
While serving in the House, I invited 
Crow tribal chairman Darrin Old Coy-ote to testify before the Natural Re-sources Committee. The Crow Reserva-tion in Montana is home to some of the richest energy reserves in our country, but the President’s senseless agenda is preventing them from developing their resources. What Chairman Old Coyote said has stuck with me. He said, ‘‘A war on coal is a war on the Crow peo-ple.’’ 
President Obama and the EPA’s regu-
latory overreach is a direct threat to thousands of jobs and our Nation’s eco-nomic future. We shouldn’t be hitting pause on American energy production. We need to encourage it. More made- in-America energy doesn’t just mean more money in the pockets of hard- working families. It also means more jobs. It means energy independence. 
Our energy security, though, isn’t 
just about jobs and low energy prices. It is tied directly to our national secu-rity. I am happy to report the United States will become the largest oil and gas producer in the world this year, surpassing both Russia and Saudi Ara-bia. As we see the growing threat of ISIS and a nuclear Iran, one thing is clear: We need more made-in-America energy, not more made-in-the-Middle East oil. 
We have tremendous opportunities to 
develop our Nation’s energy resources and create new jobs across the entire Nation, but we must allow the States to take the lead. Rather than moving forward with commonsense, job-cre-ating solutions, such as the Keystone Pipeline, Washington continues to put barrier after barrier up to prevent job creation and the responsible manage-ment of our resources. 
We see that in our national forests 
and our public lands. Our public lands out West are a tremendous asset to our tourism economy and our way of life. It is one of the many reasons people come to Montana in the first place. But the Federal Government’s perpetual failure to properly manage our na-tional forests has led many of Mon-tana’s forested counties into economic despair. Like many Western States, Montana once boasted a robust timber industry. Now timber harvests in our national forests have declined 82 per-cent. In fact, I had dinner one evening with a couple from Eureka, MT, up in the northwest corner of our State, in Lincoln County. They said: S
TEVE , ba-
sically we describe this area now as poverty with a view. 
We must implement meaningful for-
est management reforms that get our timber industry up and running again. It improves the health of our forests 
and it ensures our rural counties aren’t dependent on the whims of the Federal Government’s annual budget. But we must ensure that States have primacy in these decisions. We must ensure the hard-working farmers, the ranchers, the loggers, and the sportsmen who live, work, and recreate on these lands every day have their voices heard, and that those closest to the land are guid-ing management practices, not bureau-crats in Washington, DC, or lawyers in San Francisco, who would be hard pressed to find Montana on a map. 
But Washington’s overreach doesn’t 
just affect our natural resources. We are seeing it in our technology sector and the Internet. I worked in the tech-nology sector for more than 12 years. I know firsthand how the Internet has removed geography as a constraint for countless businesses in Montana and across our Nation. 
I know technology has created jobs 
and economic opportunities in commu-nities where little previously existed. We must encourage the growth of these high-tech jobs in Montana and across our country. These are good-paying jobs that will help us grow economi-cally and allow us to remain globally competitive. 
The Internet is a laboratory of inno-
vation, yet DC wants to tie our entre-preneurs’ hands by placing more regu-lations on the Internet. The FCC re-cently approved a 300-plus-page plan to regulate Americans’ Internet access as a title II utility, in short, a govern-ment takeover of the Internet. That is like putting a buggy whip manufac-turer in charge of Tesla. 
The Internet is unconstrained inno-
vation. That is why I will stand strong against DC’s attempts to tax the Inter-net, to regulate the Internet, and to stifle innovation. If we want to remain the greatest Nation in the world, we need to remain globally competitive, and technology plays a key role in that. 
We also must implement meaningful 
tax reforms that encourage American businesses, incentivize American busi-nesses to grow and create jobs here at home, not overseas. During my time at our software company, in the last 5 years I managed Asia Pacific, and I had offices in Tokyo and Sidney, but headquartered in Bozeman, MT, as we were growing and competing against some of the world’s best technology companies. 
We must expand our trade opportuni-
ties, certainly for our farmers and ranchers across our country. So it is important that innovation and entre-preneurship are encouraged, not hin-dered. Unfortunately, Washington, DC, is more interested in issuing press re-leases and headlines than getting re-sults. 
As an engineer, I was trained to solve 
problems, find solutions, and get re-sults. It is time for Washington to look to the States for these solutions—to adhere to the principles of federalism 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.033 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1575 March 17, 2015 
and States rights, as clearly found in 
our Constitution—and empowering local communities, State legislatures, Governors, and tribes to manage their resources, to grow economic oppor-tunity, and to find and determine their own destiny. 
In fact, it is time for Washington to 
listen to the States and it is time for Washington, DC, to listen to Montana. 
I have always said one of the best de-
cisions I ever made in my life was when I picked my great-great-grandmother. She got her family out to Montana, and she is buried in a small country cemetery just east of a small town called Conrad, MT. On her headstone, in this very remote small country cem-etery, reads three simple words: ‘‘saved by grace.’’ She placed her ultimate faith in her God, not in her govern-ment. 
It is an honor to stand here today on 
the Senate floor to serve as Montana’s voice in Washington. I will continue working to bring more Montana solu-tions to Washington and get it working again for all Montanans. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR DAINES  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I want to congratulate our freshman colleague from Montana on his initial speech, and particularly to second his observations about the devastation in the coalfields of America. We have a depression in the eastern part of my State as a direct result of this adminis-tration and the EPA, and I know it has affected the great State of Montana as well. So among the many insightful ob-servations the Senator from Montana made, I particularly appreciate his thoughts about energy. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Madam President, I send a cloture 
motion to the desk for the committee- reported amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom 
Cotton, James Lankford, David Vitter, Richard Burr, Chuck Grassley, Joni Ernst, Pat Roberts, Mike Rounds, James E. Risch, Daniel Coats, James M. Inhofe, Shelley Moore Capito, Mark Kirk, Cory Gardner, Thom Tillis. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I send a cloture motion to the desk for the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom 
Cotton, James Lankford, David Vitter, Richard Burr, Chuck Grassley, Joni Ernst, Pat Roberts, Mike Rounds, James E. Risch, Daniel Coats, James M. Inhofe, Shelley Moore Capito, Mark Kirk, Cory Gardner, Thom Tillis. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls be waived with re-spect to these cloture motions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be al-lowed to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak on two topics. The first topic is to urge my colleagues to bring up the vote on Loretta Lynch right away. The delay on her nomina-tion to be Attorney General has gone on long enough, and there are no longer any legitimate excuses. She is by all accounts an excellent candidate. She is highly qualified, and she has bi-partisan support in the Committee on the Judiciary. No one has questioned her stellar credentials. Her nomination has been held up for too long. In fact, Republicans have held up her nomina-tion longer than the five most recent Attorney General nominees combined. But now her nomination has been tied to a piece of legislation that Repub-licans themselves have poisoned. Why are they putting poison pills in their own legislation? They took a perfectly good bipartisan bill and ensured it would go nowhere. Then they took a perfectly qualified Attorney General nominee and tied her vote to their poisoned legislation. 
The majority party is getting in its 
own way when it comes to the major responsibilities of governing. It is time for the Republicans to act like the ma-
jority and govern. This is the dif-ference between being in the majority and being in the minority. Putting poi-son pills in legislative vehicles may be an odious practice, but it is normally reserved for the minority party—the party that is not in charge. Generally speaking, you do not poison your own piece of legislation. 
The American people have given the 
keys to the car to the Republican Party, and now they need to drive the car. This is the difference between being in the minority and the major-ity. Governing includes giving advice and consent on nominations. This is a particularly important nomination. The Attorney General is the top law enforcement official in the country. He or she is responsible for enforcing our Nation’s laws, protecting national se-curity, and upholding our constitu-tional rights. 
This last role is vital at a time when 
the DOJ is investigating violations of constitutional rights by local law en-forcement agencies. Just last week, DOJ released a scathing report on the deep and pervasive racism in the Fer-guson, MO, police force. In that report, the Department described shocking practices: systematic targeting of Afri-can Americans and an abuse of power to collect enormous amounts in fees. In a city with a population of 21,000 peo-ple, 16,000 people have outstanding ar-rest warrants—16,000 people. That is three-quarters of Ferguson’s popu-lation. Those arrest warrants are over-whelmingly issued to Ferguson’s Afri-can-American population—92 percent, to be exact. Emails and other docu-ments DOJ collected prove the Fer-guson police force acted with racial animus. 
If confirmed, Ms. Lynch would con-
tinue DOJ’s task of investigating un-constitutional policing across the country. She faces weighty issues—the over-militarization of our police, our policing practices, and reforming our sentencing guidelines, just to name a few. 
As the first African-American woman 
to serve as Attorney General, this would be a historic nomination and a crucial one. 
At a time when the public’s trust in 
law enforcement is badly eroded, we need to confirm Ms. Lynch as our At-torney General and let her get to work on fighting for our civil rights. 
f 
THE HOUSE BUDGET 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, 
today the House released its budget proposal. It is a proposal divorced from reality that seeks to balance the budg-et on the backs of those in the country who can least afford it. It takes from 
the middle class and gives to the ultrawealthy. 
Without a doubt, my colleagues and I 
will have much more to say about the Republican budget in the coming weeks and months, but today I want to dis-cuss a section of the budget that seeks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.034 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1576 March 17, 2015 
to deny the very real and very current 
threat of climate change to our public health and military readiness. 
The Department of Defense is respon-
sible for protecting the security of the United States, and that requires taking into consideration every threat and every threat multiplier that affects the global security environment and our national interests, including climate change. That is why the military spends considerable time assessing the effects climate change could have on its facilities, capabilities, and mis-sions, and how those effects could un-dermine its ability to protect our na-tional security. It is unfortunate that today in their budget proposal House Republicans said that this planning is wasteful spending. I am as against wasteful spending as anyone, but pre-paring for threats to our national secu-rity planning and operations is the op-posite of wasteful. It is prudent. 
Today, I want to talk about how a 
climate change prohibition would tie the hands of our national defense strat-egy. 
Climate change affects our national 
security in two major ways. 
First, the DOD has warned that cli-
mate change is likely to impact the military’s facilities and capabilities. In particular, America’s military bases may be particularly vulnerable to cli-mate change. 
According to a 2008 National Intel-
ligence Council finding, ‘‘more than 30 U.S. military installations were al-ready facing elevated levels of risk from rising sea levels.’’ In my home State of Hawaii, for example, Navy and Marine Corps installations such as Pearl Harbor and Marine Corps base Kaneohe Bay are literally on the water’s edge. 
According to the Department of De-
fense, the combination of decreasing sea ice, rising sea levels, and thawing permafrost along the coast of Alaska has increased coastal erosion at several Air Force radar early warning and communication installations. This coastal erosion has already damaged roads, seawalls, and runways at our bases. 
Second, climate change exacerbates 
the drivers of global instability, in-cluding drought, food shortages, water scarcity, and pandemic disease. 
ADM Sam Locklear III, commander 
of the USPACOM, said that the biggest long-term security threat in the region is climate change because ‘‘it is prob-ably the most likely thing that is going to happen . . . that will cripple the security environment.’’ 
I would like to make a point here. 
The Department of Defense is in no po-sition to get caught up in our partisan or ideological battles. The Department of Defense has to deal with what is. The Department of Defense has to pre-pare for and contend with reality. And we should have debates on the Senate floor. We should talk about whether the President’s clean powerplant is the right approach. We should talk about how we should approach international 
agreements coming into the Paris Ac-cords. Let’s have that debate about whether a carbon fee is the most pru-dent approach. But what we should not do is make it impossible for the De-partment of Defense to do its planning and preparation. That is what the House budget does. 
In its 2014 QDR, the Department of 
Defense warned that the effects of cli-mate change ‘‘are threat multipliers that will aggravate stressors abroad such as poverty, environmental deg-radation, political instability, and so-cial tensions—conditions that can en-able terrorist activity and other forms of violence.’’ The stresses could break the backs of weak governments and in-stitutions in countries around the world where the United States has en-during interests. In particular, the Na-tional Intelligence Council stated in its ‘‘Global Trends 2030’’ report that cli-mate change will pose stiff challenges to governance in places such as Af-ghanistan and Pakistan. 
That is why I find it ironic that 
many of my Republican colleagues who are so committed to slowing the pace of our withdrawal from Afghanistan on the premise that doing so will preserve our security gains and keep Afghani-stan stable are now tying the hands of the national security community so that they are unable to study the secu-rity effects of climate change on Af-ghanistan and the region. Again, I don’t think we should tell them how to study it, what conclusions to draw, what preparations to make, except to say that we should stay out of their way as they do their security planning, as they do their security preparation. I am not suggesting that they take my view on climate change; I am sug-gesting that they be allowed to deal with what is and that they not be sucked into a partisan ideological bat-tle over climate change. They don’t have the luxury of getting sucked into a partisan ideological battle when it comes to climate change. They have to deal with what is because they are re-sponsible for our national defense. 
Fortunately, while some in Congress 
play politics, our military leaders are clear-eyed about the current and present threats posed by climate change, and they are making the nec-essary investments in knowledge of im-pacts to their readiness and to regional 
and global conflicts. We need to back them up and make sure that climate deniers do not tie one hand behind their back while they work to under-stand the threats to defend our coun-try. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with the senior Senator from Il-linois and the junior Senator from New Jersey, as well as the junior Senator from Arizona. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SMARTER SENTENCING ACT 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, we rise 
today to speak in favor of the Smarter Sentencing Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation that would make targeted reforms to mandatory minimum sen-tences for nonviolent drug offenders. 
I was proud to join my distinguished 
colleague from Illinois, Senator D
UR-
BIN, in introducing this legislation. He 
and I wish to thank our cosponsors, Senators J
EFF FLAKE , CORY BOOKER , 
TEDCRUZ, PATLEAHY , RAND PAUL, 
SHELDON WHITEHOUSE , JOHNNY ISAKSON , 
and C HRIS COONS . 
I also wish to thank the lead sponsors 
of the House version of the Smarter Sentencing Act, Congressmen R
AU´L 
LABRADOR and B OBBY SCOTT. 
It is not often that you see a political 
coalition such as this one on Capitol Hill. It reflects the importance of an issue whose time has come—reforming our Federal sentencing laws. We come to the floor today to explain what the Smarter Sentencing Act does and to address some common misconceptions about our bill that have been expressed on the Senate floor. 
I ask my friend and colleague Sen-
ator D
URBIN : What problems does the 
Smarter Sentencing Act seek to ad-dress? 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I 
thank the Senator from Utah not only for his leadership on this issue but for the fact that we have been able to work together on an issue that is not consid-ered to be simple in nature. It is chal-lenging, complex, and controversial in some respects. As the Senator men-tioned at the outset, we have done it on a bipartisan basis. If one looks at the cosponsors of the Smarter Sen-tencing Act, they span the political spectrum. 
I was standing at our press con-
ference—as the Senator from Utah was speaking—next to Senator T
EDCRUZ. 
Some said: D URBIN and C RUZare on the 
same bill? As the saying goes around here, obviously one of us has not read it. The fact is that we both read it, and we both understand the importance of this undertaking. 
Our criminal justice system in Amer-
ica is in crisis. The United States of America holds more prisoners, by far, than any other country in the world. The Federal prison population has grown by 750 percent since 1980 and our Federal prisons are approximately 30 percent over capacity. 
Over the past 30 years, spending on 
Federal incarceration has increased more than 1,100 percent. Our exploding prison population now consumes a quarter of the Justice Department’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.036 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1577 March 17, 2015 
discretionary budget. These runaway 
expenditures are undermining other law enforcement efforts. The U.S. at-torney’s office and the Drug Enforce-ment Administration have already lost hundreds of positions, and resources for State and local law enforcement have decreased dramatically. 
The biggest drivers of growth in the 
Federal prison population are drug sen-tences. There are almost 50,000 more drug offenders in Federal prisons now than 20 years ago—50,000. This problem is made even worse by mandatory min-imum sentences which have grown by 155 percent over the past 15 years. One- third of all Federal prisoners are now subject to mandatory minimums and 50 percent of those are drug offenders. 
These mandatory penalties don’t 
allow our courts to distinguish between the big-time career offenders, who ought to be the focus of our effort, and lower-level offenders. Now, that just is not very smart, and it is not effective when it comes to holding offenders ac-countable and protecting public safety. 
We are expected to be joined at any 
minute by the Senator from New Jer-sey, Mr. B
OOKER , and I thank my friend 
for joining us in this effort to spotlight this important issue of criminal justice reform. 
I will turn the floor over for my col-
league and the lead sponsor of this bill, Senator L
EE, to respond to the ques-
tion of the importance of this under-taking. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, we have 
new research that shows there are two big problems we face as a result of these mandatory minimum sentences within our Federal system. First, they are not needed to ensure public safety in many instances, and second, they are having a very negative impact on certain disadvantaged communities. 
Last year, the National Research 
Council of the National Academies issued a major study of incarceration in the United States. One of their main conclusions is that mandatory sen-tencing and excessively long sentences generally do not have a significant de-terrent effect and are ineffective unless targeted at offenders with a very high rate of recidivism or extremely dan-gerous offenders. 
The National Research Council con-
cluded: ‘‘[We] have reviewed the re-search literature on the deterrent ef-fect of such laws and have concluded that the evidence is insufficient to jus-tify the conclusion that these harsher punishments yield measurable public safety benefits.’’ 
And recent data from the U.S. Sen-
tencing Commission, an independent and bipartisan Federal agency, shows that shorter sentences can accomplish the same goals without compromising public safety. 
Our communities have paid a high 
cost for the stiff sentences that manda-tory minimums require. The National Research Council found that high in-carceration rates are concentrated in poor, minority neighborhoods, and that the incarceration of significant num-
bers of residents in these neighbor-hoods actually compounded existing social and economic problems such as unemployment, poverty, family disrup-tion, poor health, and drug addiction. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, if I 
could ask the Senator from Utah if he would yield for a moment. 
Mr. LEE. Yes. Mr. DURBIN. Senator B
OOKER has 
joined us, and we are happy to have his cosponsorship on this legislation. I hope he might be able to make some of his own observations on the very issue the Senator from Utah has been dis-cussing. 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I 
wish to pick up where my friend left off. I thank, from the bottom of my heart, the leadership of Senator L
EE 
and Senator D URBIN on what is an ex-
traordinary piece of legislation in terms of its impact. 
My colleagues have made it clear 
time and again—in the last Congress and in this Congress—that the applica-tion of mandatory minimum sentences, especially in drug cases, feeds the per-ception of pervasive unfairness in our criminal justice system just for the points that Senator L
EEwas making. 
This perception is based in that re-ality. 
When I was mayor, I used to always 
say, ‘‘In God we trust,’’ but everyone else, ‘‘Bring me data.’’ The data is clear from the U.S. Sentencing Com-mission, which shows that mandatory minimums have a disparate impact on minority communities. 
Let’s be clear. The majority of illegal 
drug users and dealers in our country are white, but three-quarters of all the people incarcerated for drug offenses are Black and Latino, and the large majority of individuals subject to Fed-eral mandatory minimum penalties are African American and Hispanic. That perception is fed by this reality: Afri-can Americans are granted relief from mandatory minimum penalties as are other citizens under the so-called safe-ty valve, but Blacks get the safety valve far less than other groups. 
For example, the data shows that in 
2010, 63.7 percent of White offenders re-ceived the safety valve relief while only 39.4 percent of Black offenders re-ceived that benefit. 
In 2012, Blacks were 26.3 percent of 
all drug offenders, but they were 35.2 percent of the drug offenders who re-ceived no safety valves whatsoever—no relief from the mandatory minimum penalties. 
I will now yield back for Senator 
L
EE, again, the lead sponsor of this bi-
partisan legislation, and I ask the Sen-ator: What does this legislation do, spe-cifically, to address mandatory mini-mums? 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I thank 
the Senator from New Jersey for this question, which really cuts to the heart of many of the most important reasons why we feel this bill needs to become law. First, the Smarter Sentencing Act 
would reduce Federal mandatory min-imum penalties for drug offenses in a very targeted way. Our bill would allow Federal judges to determine—on a case-by-case basis—when the harshest penalties should apply. We don’t repeal any mandatory minimum sentences, and we do not lower any maximum sen-tences. This approach maintains a floor below which no offenders can be sen-tenced, but it gives judges the discre-tion to determine when the very harshest penalties should apply in a particular case. 
These changes in mandatory min-
imum sentences do not apply to violent offenses, and they do not apply to of-fenders who import drugs into the United States unless, of course, the of-fender’s role is limited solely to trans-porting or storing drugs or money. 
Second, the Smarter Sentencing Act 
would modestly expand the Federal safety valve, which allows Federal judges to sentence a limited number of nonviolent drug offenders at levels below the mandatory minimum sen-tence. Our bill would expand the safety valve to nonviolent offenders with only a minor criminal history. Individuals who use weapons or play a leadership role in the offense in question would be ineligible for the safety valve in those circumstances. 
I ask the senior Senator from Illi-
nois, Mr. D
URBIN , to explain other im-
portant provisions of our bill. 
Mr. DURBIN. I thank the Senator 
from Utah. 
When I was a Member of the House of 
Representatives many years ago, we were told there were some dramatic changes when it came to the use of nar-cotics in America. In fact, they came to us and said: We are worried. There is a new form of cocaine called crack co-caine. It is dirt cheap. It is $5 for a hit. It is deadly addictive, and if a woman is addicted to it and happens to be pregnant, it could seriously damage the baby she is carrying. 
We did something at the time which 
seemed like the right thing to do. What we did was to establish a sentencing standard for crack cocaine dramati-cally larger than powder cocaine—100 times larger. I voted for it, and the be-lief was that we were sending a clear message to anyone in America: If you get caught with crack cocaine, we are going to throw the book at you. That is what we voted for. 
I remember that the rollcall in the 
House of Representatives was bipar-tisan. We felt—all across the spectrum: Let’s get the message out and get it out now before crack cocaine causes its damage. 
Under the law at the time, it took 100 
times more powdered cocaine than crack to trigger the same mandatory minimum sentences—100 times. For ex-ample, possessing 5 grams of crack car-ried the same 5-year mandatory min-imum sentence as selling 500 grams of powdered cocaine. That was the 100-to- 1 crack-powder sentencing disparity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.038 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1578 March 17, 2015 
The crack-powder disparity dispropor-
tionately affected African Americans, who made up more than 80 percent of those convicted of Federal crack of-fenses. 
At a hearing I held in 2009, former 
Bush administration DEA head Asa Hutchison, known to many of us as a former colleague in the House, testi-fied: ‘‘Under the current disparity, the credibility of our entire drug enforce-ment system is weakened.’’ 
What was happening? African Ameri-
cans were noting what was going on here. They were being sent, as Senator B
OOKER said, over to the prison system 
and put away for years and years for the use of a tiny amount of crack co-caine because of the sentencing guide-lines that we established in the House of Representatives. The Smarter Sen-tencing Act addresses this issue. 
I might add that in 2010, I joined with 
Senator J
EFF SESSIONS , a Republican 
from Alabama, in sponsoring the Fair Sentencing Act. We decided that we would address this issue of the 100-to-1 disparity and try to make sense out of it. I support 1 to 1. I think that is what the science backs. But we reached a po-litical agreement—that is the nature of the Senate and the House. The bill unanimously passed the Senate and the House and was signed into law by the President. The Fair Sentencing Act re-duced the sentencing disparity between crack and powdered cocaine. 
The Smarter Sentencing Act—the 
bill we are considering today—address-es this again. It would allow some in-mates who were sentenced before the Fair Sentencing Act to petition for the sentence reductions that this law put in place in 2010. This provision would not automatically reduce a single sen-tence of anyone serving under the old 100-to-1 standard, but it would allow Federal judges and prosecutors to con-duct a case-by-case, singular, indi-vidual review as to whether the indi-vidual should have their sentence re-duced. Responding to our decreased re-liance on prisons, the Smarter Sen-tencing Act would direct the Justice Department to report to Congress on how the cost savings from our bill would be used to reduce crime and pre-vent recidivism. 
Let’s respond to a few misstatements 
that have been made about the Smart-er Sentencing Act. One of our col-leagues said: ‘‘We are not sending huge numbers of nonviolent drug offenders to Federal prison under lengthy man-datory minimum sentences.’’ 
I ask the Senator from New Jersey 
how he would respond to that com-ment? 
(Mr. GARDNER assumed the Chair.) Mr. BOOKER. I appreciate that, and I 
hope we all in the Senate can deal with the same set of facts. We are entitled to different opinions and different con-clusions regarding the facts, but we should not be debating facts when we have them here before us. 
So let’s take a look at those facts. In 
2011, the sentencing commission issued a comprehensive study about manda-
tory minimum sentences. The study found that almost 55,000 people were in Federal prisons serving mandatory minimum sentences for a drug crime. That was more than 50 percent of all Federal drug offenders and more than a quarter—25 percent—of all Federal prisoners, period. 
Second, the great majority of Federal 
drug offenders do not use violence. Let me say that one more time because it is very important. We are talking about in this bill nonviolent offenders, and the great majority do not use vio-lence. The sentencing commission’s most recent data shows that less than 1 percent of offenders used or threat-ened violence in committing their crime, and no weapons—no weapons— were involved in more than 80 percent of drug cases. 
Third, many of those serving manda-
tory minimum drug sentences are low- level offenders. It is true that certain low-level offenders such as the couriers don’t often receive mandatory mini-mums. But other low-level offenders frequently are sentenced to mandatory minimums. 
For example, among those who are 
most likely to receive a mandatory minimum sentence are street-level dealers—those who sell less than 1 ounce of a drug. Almost 45 percent of street-level dealers are serving manda-tory minimums in Federal prison. 
Finally, these mandatory minimum 
sentences are lengthy. They are costly. They drain taxpayer resources. A re-cent sentencing commission study shows that the average sentence for mandatory minimums was 132 months—11 years in Federal prison without parole. 
Some claim also that mandatory 
minimum prison sentences are not a major factor in the massive increase in the Federal prison population and over-crowding in Federal prisons. Remem-ber, in the last 30 years, we have had an explosion in our Federal prison popu-lation—800 percent. Some people say that mandatory minimums have had nothing to do with that. I look to my colleague from Utah to respond. Is that true? 
Mr. LEE. It is not true. It is simply 
inaccurate. So those who insist that our exploding Federal prison popu-lation somehow has nothing to do with the explosive use of mandatory min-imum prison sentences within our Fed-eral system are simply wrong. 
In its 2011 report, the U.S. Sen-
tencing Commission concluded that mandatory minimums have had ‘‘a sig-nificant impact on the Federal prison population.’’ 
From 1995 through 2010, the number 
of Federal prisoners serving a manda-tory minimum sentence grew from 29,603 to 75,579. That is a 155-percent in-crease. It represents over one-third of all Federal prisoners. 
As of December 2014, over 59 percent 
of the 210,567 Federal inmates—125,000 inmates over all—had been convicted of an offense carrying a mandatory 
minimum. Of these, 74.3 percent, which represents 91,806 inmates, were re-quired to serve that mandatory min-imum sentence or more. 
In 2013, 62.1 percent of all drug of-
fenders were convicted of an offense carrying a mandatory minimum. Over 60 percent of them received no safety valve relief and 70 percent of them did not receive relief for cooperating with authorities. 
Some have argued that those serving 
sentences for nonviolent drug offenses have long and violent criminal his-tories, but sentencing commission data shows this is inaccurate. In 2013, 49.6 percent of drug offenders had little or no criminal history, and only 7 percent of drug offenders were sentenced under the ‘‘career offender’’ sentencing guide-line, which requires two prior convic-tions for a drug offense or a crime of violence. 
But here is the important point: The 
Smarter Sentencing Act reduces cer-tain mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent drug offenses, but we do not lower the maximum sentence. That means a judge can sentence offenders all the way up to the statutory max-imum if she determines it is appro-priate under the circumstances. 
Some have raised concerns about how 
reducing mandatory minimum sen-tences might impact serious problems such as the heroin epidemic or narco-terrorism. Can the Senator from Illi-nois address that? 
Mr. DURBIN. I want to address that 
because it is a problem in my State and across the United States. We are find-ing that high school students are turn-ing to heroin. It is affordable, sadly. It is affordable, and they are using it as an alternative to other drugs. We cer-tainly know the peril and dangers from narcoterrorism. The Smarter Sen-tencing Act which we are cosponsoring only reduces mandatory minimum sen-tences for nonviolent drug offenses. There is a separate mandatory min-imum of 20 years that applies when the drugs have resulted in death or serious bodily injury. Any dealer who sells drugs that killed or hurt someone, such as an accidental overdose, will still be subject to the same mandatory min-imum of 20 years. Our bill does not touch that provision of the law. 
As for narcoterrorism, a special Fed-
eral sentencing guideline applies. The truth is charges under that statute are very rare. Between 2008 and 2012, only three cases—three—out of almost 200,000 were sentenced under that guideline. But the Smarter Sentencing Act does not change the sentencing guideline enhancement for narcoter-rorism or any of the enhancements for terrorism. We don’t cut corners when it comes to that serious crime. 
In fact, our bill directs the sen-
tencing commission to ensure that se-vere sentences for ‘‘violent, repeat, and serious drug traffickers who present public safety risks remain in place.’’ Also, there will continue to be dozens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.039 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1579 March 17, 2015 
of statutory penalties and sentencing 
enhancements in the sentencing guide-lines allowing judges to impose height-ened sentences for violent and repeat offenders. 
The Smarter Sentencing Act which 
we are describing doesn’t automati-cally reduce a single sentence and it doesn’t eliminate any mandatory min-imum or reduce any maximum sen-tence at all. Our bill simply restores the traditional authority of a Federal judge to impose a sentence that fits the crime and the criminal, based on the circumstances of the case, while main-taining a floor below which no one per-son can be sentenced. 
Can the Senator from New Jersey 
discuss the impact the Smarter Sen-tencing Act will have on communities that have been most negatively im-pacted by the crisis in our Federal jus-tice system? 
Mr. BOOKER. I appreciate that ques-
tion. This is one of the reasons I am so passionate about the legislation origi-nally introduced by Senator L
EEand 
the Senator from Illinois, because the mandatory minimums are patently un-fair to people all across America. Whether one is White or Black, to have a disproportionate sentence unneces-sary to punish a person and prevent a person from doing a future nonviolent crime is bad enough, but when we are talking about, as the Senator from Illi-nois was before, so negatively con-centrated in certain urban areas, it creates an invasive belief that begins to undermine faith in our criminal jus-tice system alone. As we said earlier, the overwhelming majority of drug users and sellers are White, but the overwhelming number of people incar-cerated and arrested for it are Black, as well as those receiving mandatory minimums. 
But what people have to understand 
is that this has a punishing effect on us all. No. 1, it is hurting families. A friend of mine brought to my attention a ‘‘Sesame Street’’ clip where even the educators in public broadcasting are seeing that certain communities have so many of their men—nonviolent of-fenders—being sucked into the prison system for these long sentences that we have created a generation of chil-dren growing up without their parents. That has a difficult impact when it comes to the poverty of that family, when it comes to the challenges of hav-ing a provider pull away. So the Smart-er Sentencing Act is a tool to help to relieve that problem, as well as the costs to us all. 
What is wonderful—at a time when 
we have debt, when we need to invest in infrastructure and many other needs, the current system is costing us hundreds of billions of dollars annu-ally. This legislation I have signed on to as a cosponsor offers a savings that can be redirected to community efforts that prevent crime in the first place— evidence-based programs that under-mine crimes in the first place—as well as to helping people coming out of pris-on stay out of prison. We can save 
money and still protect public safety with lower rates of incarceration and a greater reliance on community revi-sion and treatment. 
The wonderful thing about this is 
that what I am saying is not specula-tion. It is the facts we are experiencing in States that have already embraced reducing mandatory minimums. In fact, many of these States—and it is wonderful that this is bipartisan legis-lation—many States are red States. We are seeing this path of reducing crime, reducing prison populations, creating savings, being shown to us in State after State model that the Federal Government should follow—models seen in Texas and in Georgia. 
Senator F
LAKE encouraged us to pay 
attention to overcriminalization in the Federal system. He too is a champion of reforming the system and making it better. I wish to ask the Senator from Arizona: How does the Smarter Sen-tencing Act address the problem of overcriminalization? 
Mr. FLAKE. I thank the Senator 
from New Jersey, and I thank Senator D
URBIN and Senator L EE. It is great to 
be a part of this bipartisan effort, the Smarter Sentencing Act. 
This is important because this sec-
tion requires the Attorney General and the heads of certain Federal agencies to each submit a public report that identifies all criminal offenses that are established by statute or regulation that each agency enforces. These re-ports must provide information on the elements of each offense, the potential penalty and the required intent for each offense, and the number of pros-ecutions for each offense for the last 15 years. This is valuable information. 
This section also requires the Attor-
ney General and the relevant agencies to establish a publicly accessible index for these offenses. This information is an important step toward under-standing the scope of the overcriminal-ization problem. When we have this in-formation, we will have a better idea of why these sentences are being imposed and we can make better recommenda-tions moving ahead. 
There are some who argue that long 
mandatory prison sentences encourage defendants to plead guilty and to co-operate with prosecutors. They claim that by reducing mandatory minimum sentences, our bill will reduce the in-centive for defendants to plead guilty and thus cooperate. 
How would the Senator from Utah re-
spond to that complaint? 
Mr. LEE. Those who make that argu-
ment—those who suggest that by pass-ing this bill we would reduce the bar-gaining power of prosecutors—are mis-taken. 
The sentencing commission data on 
this point shows that the longer a man-datory minimum sentence is, the more likely a defendant is not to plead guilty and to cooperate and instead to insist on going to trial. 
Sentencing commission data also 
showed that rates of cooperation for crimes that have no mandatory min-
imum sentence are the same and even higher for drugs that do have rigid mandatory minimum sentences. 
The reality is that defendants are 
most likely to cooperate when they have information to give. That is why high-level drug offenders receive relief of mandatory minimum sentences at much higher rates than lower offend-ers. Defendants who organize or man-age a drug trafficking enterprise have the most information with which to bargain as they enter into discussions with prosecutors. Low-level offenders who have less responsibility and less knowledge often don’t have much in-formation to offer, no matter how long a mandatory minimum sentence they might face in a particular case. 
Judge William Wilkins, who was ap-
pointed to the bench by President Reagan and served as the first chair of the U.S. Sentencing Commission, said the following: 
There are few Federal judges engaged in 
criminal sentencing who have not had the disheartening experience of seeing major players in crimes before them immunize themselves from the mandatory minimum sentences by blowing the whistle on their minions, while the low-level offenders find themselves sentenced to the mandatory min-imum prison term so skillfully avoided by the kingpins. 
Some of them claim the Smarter 
Sentencing Act will add up to $1 billion in Federal spending. 
Senator F
LAKE , is that true? 
Mr. FLAKE. That is creative ac-
counting, to put it mildly. Here is the reality. The Congressional Budget Of-fice has taken a look at this and has analyzed the impact of passing the Smarter Sentencing Act. It is true there will be costs incurred mainly be-cause of benefits that are paid to peo-ple who are not in prison for so long, but the CBO estimated that in the first 10 years alone, our bill would save ap-proximately $4 billion, for a net sav-ings of about $3 billion. Those savings can be redirected to efforts to reduce and prevent crime in the first place. 
Senator B
OOKER , I think it is partly 
because of this reason, the cost sav-ings, that we have such broad support of the bill. Would the Senator discuss some of the groups that are supporting this legislation? 
Mr. BOOKER. This incredible conver-
gence of people from all different stripes in our country, all different backgrounds, races, religions, and po-litical philosophy—let’s just start with the bipartisan U.S. Sentencing Com-mission and the Judicial Conference have both urged Congress to reduce mandatory minimum penalties and both have stated their support for this legislation, the Smarter Sentencing Act. 
It is supported by faith leaders such 
as the Justice Fellowship and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. It is supported by advocacy groups across the political spectrum and has been endorsed by conservative leaders such as Grover Norquist and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.041 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1580 March 17, 2015 
Americans for Tax Reform, Eli Lehrer 
and the R Street Institute, Pat Nolan, former president of the Justice Fellow-ship, Marc Levin of the Texas Public Policy Institute, and Freedom Works. 
It is supported by law enforcement 
leaders, including the Major Cities Chiefs Association and the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, which rep-resents many of the largest district at-torney’s offices in the country—big cit-ies. They represent county, Federal, State, and local prosecutors—prosecu-tors at every level. 
The bill is supported by the Council 
of Prison Locals, which represents more than 28,000 correctional workers in the Federal Bureau of Prisons. The bill is also supported by crime victims themselves, including the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domes-tic Violence, a coalition of more than 1,000 different organizations that advo-cate on behalf of victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual as-sault, and stalking. As they explain, mandatory minimum drug sentences are draining the resources needed for victims. Women who are victims of do-mestic violence sometimes end up serv-ing long sentences that the Congress intended for kingpins and other drug organization leaders. All of that unity in this country supports this act. 
I wonder, is there anything else Sen-
ator L
EEwould like to say about this 
bipartisan, widely supported by both the data and the advocates across the quantum spectrum—is there anything else the Senator would like to add? 
Mr. LEE. Yes, and I would like to 
conclude my remarks in a moment by wrapping up. Before I do that, though, I notice on the floor with us is my friend Senator W
HITEHOUSE , who hap-
pens to be another supporter and co-sponsor of this bill and who is also the ranking member on the Senate Judici-ary Committee, and I would ask Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE to say a few words 
about this bill. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Thank you, Sen-
ator L EE. I am glad to be a part of this 
conversation. I share the concern that we all have for a Federal prison system that is 30 percent over capacity and costs $6 billion a year already. We have to add, if we are going to take care of the 30 percent over capacity—that is $6 billion under the present cir-cumstances, and that $6 billion comes out of law enforcement budgets and community support budgets that could be making our streets safer. 
At the beginning of every sentence, a 
judge imposes the duration of the sen-tence, and at the end of every sentence, a prisoner makes a decision about how he or she is going to engage with the public upon their release. There is a bill that deals with the latter part, helping prisoners make better deci-sions and be better prepared to re-engage with the public once they are released. I hope very much the bill Sen-ator C
ORNYN and I are leading in the 
Senate Judiciary Committee can, as this moves forward, be connected be-cause the two are linked thematically, 
and it makes a big difference. 
The reason we care about how people 
at the end get back into regular soci-ety is because if they reoffend they go back to prison again and add to the prison population and add to the costs. If they are in longer than they should be, then we are not getting any public safety benefit out of all of this. 
So I look very forward to working 
with all my colleagues to try to see if we can get together in the Senate a comprehensive piece of sentencing re-form legislation. Having been a pros-ecutor myself, having used mandatory minimums, I appreciate that they can, in certain circumstances, have value, but I think if one looks at the big pic-ture, this sentencing reform legislation is important and will serve the public interest in a great variety of respects, including safer communities. So that is why I am cosponsoring it and that is why I am an ardent supporter of it. 
In closing, let me thank Senator 
D
URBIN and Senator L EEfor their lead-
ership as the lead coauthors of this leg-islation and Senator F
LAKE and Sen-
ator B OOKER for their efforts on behalf 
of this as fellow cosponsors. 
Mr. LEE. I thank Senator W HITE-
HOUSE . 
Mr. President, I would like to con-
clude by thanking my colleagues for their help. First of all, thanks to Sen-ator D
URBIN for working with this Sen-
ator over the last couple of years in de-veloping this legislation. I thank my other cosponsors as well. I thank Sen-ator B
OOKER , Senator W HITEHOUSE , and 
Senator F LAKE , who have joined us 
today. 
This is truly a bipartisan, bicameral 
effort that brings support from across the political spectrum. Excessive man-datory minimums do not make us safer. The last 30 years have shown us that they are applied unevenly and they leave a gaping hole in the commu-nities they impact most heavily. Now we as a society have to pick up the tab. We must decide if we will continue to pay the high fiscal and social costs that mandatory minimums impose. It is important for us to remember these costs do have many manifestations. 
Sometimes in this body we focus only 
on the fiscal pricetag that can be ex-pressed in raw numbers, but doing that allows us to ignore too often the high human costs—the families and the communities that have lost brothers, sons, fathers, uncles, and nephews, peo-ple who could be back in their commu-nities contributing meaningfully to their success, who are instead sent away for sometimes far too long of a prison sentence. We can continue down this current path or if we could try something smarter, that perhaps would be better. 
The Smarter Sentencing Act gives us 
an opportunity to do precisely that—to do something smarter, to rely less on 
prison, and to do more with scarce re-sources. Instead of just paying for pris-ons, it would allow us to work smarter in pursuit of justice. I hope all my colleagues will join us 
in supporting the Smarter Sentencing Act. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, to 
change the subject from sentencing re-form to climate change, I come to the floor today for the 93rd consecutive week that the Senate has been in ses-sion to urge that my colleagues wake up to the urgent threat of what results from our levels of carbon pollution. It is an opportune time now to consider a step-up in American corporate respon-sibility on climate change. Call it cor-porate climate responsibility 2.0. 
Americans can celebrate and applaud 
the fact that America’s corporate lead-ers have taken so many important steps on climate change. Companies such as Walmart and Coca-Cola, to pick just two, see the problem clearly and have done great things. Walmart, for instance, has taken exemplary re-sponsibility for its carbon footprint not only within its facilities but out be-yond its corporate walls into its inter-national supply chain. Walmart has led the move for consumers away from in-candescent bulbs and into high-effi-ciency lighting. If you have ever used that machine where you have to crank electricity in order to light up an in-candescent bulb and then do the same thing for a high efficiency bulb, you have an unforgettable experience of how much more efficient those modern bulbs are. Walmart has strong and re-sponsible carbon policies and Walmart has made a successful business model of saving money by reducing carbon emissions. Walmart even has an inter-nal price on carbon so it can properly evaluate its internal processes in its own facilities against its climate standards. 
This is not new for Walmart. A dec-
ade ago, Walmart’s then-CEO Lee Scott said: 
The science is in, and it is overwhelming. 
We believe every company has a responsi-bility to reduce greenhouse gases as quickly as it can. 
Coca-Cola, the other company I men-
tioned, has exemplary carbon policies too. Coca-Cola knows how disruptive climate change can be on the water supply that is Coca-Cola’s most basic need in its bottling facilities. They, too, have found the sweet spot of sav-ing money by reducing their carbon output. 
As the Arctic melts, Coca-Cola even 
put a polar bear on its iconic Coke can. Muhtar Kent, Coca-Cola’s CEO, has said: 
It is absolutely imperative that our com-
mitment to a low-carbon future be fully un-derstood. We’re here to lend a Coca-Cola voice to the public and political debate on getting to a fair framework, an inclusive framework, and an effective framework so that we can achieve climate protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.042 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1581 March 17, 2015 
Many other major corporations have 
too. There is Google and Apple, apparel giant VF Corporation and Nike, Mars, Nestle, and Cargill, General Motors and the Ford Motor Company, UPS and Federal Express, Unilever and Starbucks. All are in different ways clear-eyed and responsible climate champions. 
So there is a lot to celebrate from 
America’s corporate leaders, but there is also more to be done. We are right now at a societal and political tipping point on climate change, where cor-porations that are already good on cli-mate change—corporations that are sensible and responsible on climate change—can make a big difference by taking it up one more step and putting their politics where their policies al-ready are. 
So what is putting your politics 
where your policies are? First, it is making climate change an issue, some-thing we talk about when we come to Congress. I don’t know whether Walmart has ever spoken to Senator B
OOZMAN or Senator C OTTON , from 
their home State of Arkansas, about climate change. I know they never spoke to Senator Pryor when he was in the Senate because he told me so. I don’t know whether Coca-Cola has ever spoken about climate change to Sen-ators I
SAKSON or P ERDUE from Coca- 
Cola’s home State of Georgia. 
It is not just them. I pick out 
Walmart and Coca-Cola because they are two of the best companies on car-bon reduction. I actually don’t know of one major American corporation that makes climate change a priority when it comes here to Washington and lob-bies Congress, not one. 
America’s corporate leaders have 
great carbon reduction policies, but when they come to Congress, that is not on the agenda of their politics. If it were, it would make a difference. I know it is not easy. Senior corporate leaders in major American companies have told me and others that they fear retribution if they lobby Congress on climate change; that they will be pun-ished on tax or trade or liability or reg-ulatory or other issues they have in Congress. 
That is how ugly and rough the fossil 
fuel lobby plays around here. But there is an answer: group up. The fossil fuel industry and its allies in Congress can-not punish everyone. They cannot pun-ish Coke and Pepsi and Walmart and Target and VF Corporation and Nike and Apple and Google and Ford and GM and Mars and Nestle and Unilever. They cannot punish them all. 
So, please, I ask our corporate lead-
ers: Make an agreement with one an-other that you will not abandon your climate principles when you come to Congress. If good corporations will not speak up, the only corporate force lob-bying and politicking Congress on cli-mate change is the fossil fuel industry. You will get exactly what you have now: a Congress in which Members fear to take action on climate because they know one side, the fossil fuel boys, will 
punish them. They do not know any other side that will help them. 
So the first part of corporate climate 
responsibility 2.0 is: Do not abandon hope all ye who enter here. Do not check your principles at the door. A second part of corporate climate re-sponsibility 2.0 would be to stand by your principles with those who advo-cate for you. The best corporate citi-zens push their good climate policies out beyond their corporate walls into their supply chains. They insist that their suppliers comply with those cli-mate principles. They will not do busi-ness with suppliers that do not abide by their climate principles. 
So it would be consistent to push 
their good climate policies out into their advocacy organizations, too, and insist that their advocates comply with those same climate principles, just like their suppliers must. 
They ought not to do business with 
advocacy groups that will not abide by their climate principles. What am I talking about? I have described how good Coca-Cola has been on climate issues. It is terrific on climate issues. Coca-Cola and its bottlers are also im-portant vital members of the American Beverage Association, which sits on the board of the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, which is one of the worst cli-mate denial organizations and which is a persistent obstacle to any responsible action on carbon emissions. 
Similarly, Verizon, 3M, and Ford, all 
with good climate policies, all sit on the board of this organization with op-posite policies. If they would not put up with it from their suppliers, if their suppliers flouted their principles, why put up with it from a corporate mouth-piece they support but that flouts their principles? 
If corporate climate change policies 
are important enough to push beyond the corporate walls and into the supply chain, they should be important enough to push beyond the corporate walls and into the corporation’s advo-cacy organizations. It does not make sense for corporations to speak out of one side of their mouths on climate change and then contradict them-selves, through their corporate mouth-pieces, their advocacy organizations. 
Some do not. Nike resigned from the 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce board of di-rectors over the chamber’s horrible cli-mate policies. Apple left the chamber altogether. So have big electric utili-ties such as Exelon and PG&E and so have many local chambers of com-merce. Google left the American Legis-lative Exchange Council, known as ALEC. When Google left ALEC last year because of that group’s bad cli-mate position, Google CEO Eric Schmidt said of the group: ‘‘They are literally lying’’ about climate change. You do not need to support an organi-zation that is ‘‘literally lying’’ about climate change—not under corporate climate responsibility 2.0. It is not nec-essary to have your own trade associa-tion or legislative organization arguing 
against you. 
The same should be true of opinion 
outlets. For decades, the Wall Street Journal editorial page has been an im-portant and respected voice of the busi-ness community. But now on climate change, the Wall Street Journal edi-torial page never reflects the views on climate change of most of America’s corporate leaders, only its fossil fuel corporate leaders. 
That page has become exclusively the 
voice of the fossil fuel industry, and of their climate denial front organiza-tions. In fact, in some ways we could say the Wall Street Journal editorial page has actually become a climate de-nial front organization. The fossil fuel companies have co-opted the Wall Street Journal editorial page. Where is the objection from American corpora-tions, big well-known American cor-porations that have spent millions and millions of dollars addressing their car-bon emissions, that have spent enor-mous corporate effort, all the way up to the CEO level, dedicated to a carbon solution and that have developed great policies on climate change? Why be si-lent when the voice of the business community is saying the exact oppo-site of what you have worked so hard for and care so much about? 
Under corporate climate responsi-
bility 2.0, companies such as that could stand up for their own well-established climate principles and against the op-position to their own corporate prin-ciples from the Wall Street Journal editorial page. I feel we are so close to getting something done, something big done on climate change. Our corporate sector has shown so much leadership. The great American corporate leader-ship on climate change aligns exactly with what America’s science leadership is also saying. 
The great American corporate leader-
ship on climate change aligns exactly with what America’s military and na-tional security leaders are also saying. The great American corporate leader-ship on climate change aligns exactly with what so many of our religious leaders are saying all the way up to Pope Francis. Of course, American cor-porate leadership on climate change aligns with what Americans, the cus-tomers of these corporations, want and expect. 
So let’s take it up a step. Let’s ask 
our corporate leaders to step it up to corporate climate responsibility 2.0 and take their existing good policies and line them up with their politics, take what they demand of their suppliers and demand the same of their advo-cates. That would be a big way for America’s corporate leaders to help this body wake up. 
I yield the floor and suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.043 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1582 March 17, 2015 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING SAM SMITH 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the life of Sam Smith from Las Vegas, NV. Mr. Smith passed away last month. 
Mr. Smith was a retired firefighter 
and the founder of the bookstore and treasured community establishment, Native Son. Native Son operated in West Last Vegas for 17 years, and throughout that time Mr. Smith was its heart and soul. Mr. Smith offered free math and reading classes and helped many students prepare for fire department entrance exams. He had a saying, ‘‘People who study calculus don’t go to jail.’’ Mr. Smith cared about the people in his community, and he worked to improve their lives. 
Mr. Smith helped people like Trina 
Jiles become the first Black woman in the Clark County Fire Department. When she came into Native Son in 1995 he told her there were no Black women firefighters and asked how many push-ups she could do. When she did 20, he told her she would be all right and began teaching her in his free math and reading classes. Soon after, she passed all of her tests and became Clark County’s first Black female fire-fighter. She went on to work her way up the department to become an arson investigator. 
Through his years of service, Sam 
Smith was a fixture in the West Las Vegas community. I appreciate all he has done, and I celebrate his life. 
f 
CONSERVING LA MOSQUITIA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
briefly draw the Senate’s attention to a recent announcement made by Hon-duran President Juan Orlando Herna ´ndez concerning his govern-
ment’s efforts to secure and preserve a newly discovered archaeological site in the eastern part of his country. The area is part of La Mosquitia, a large swath of tropical rain forest along the Mosquito Coast in eastern Honduras, which also extends into northeastern Nicaragua. 
Reaching the remote forest is accom-
plished primarily by air or water, and it was airborne sensing technology in 2012 that first uncovered the ancient site, now revealed to be as much as 1,000 years old. The site is believed by some to be the location of the mythic White City, a safe haven where indige-nous populations took refuge from Spanish conquistadores. However, ar-cheologists Christopher Fisher of Colo-rado State University and Oscar Neil Cruz of the Honduran Institute of An-thropology and History and ethno-bot-anist Mark Plotkin of the Amazon Con-servation Team who reached the site earlier this month believe the dis-covery could be even more significant 
as just one of many sites that may re-veal an entire lost civilization. 
La Mosquitia is also the home of the 
Rı´o Pla ´tano Biosphere Reserve, a 
World Heritage Site that has twice been placed on UNESCO’s world herit-age in danger list, most recently in 2011. The designation was the result of an investigation that revealed rampant deforestation, primarily by cattle herd-ers seeking to meet the demand for beef in the United States, in addition to illegal hunting and fishing. Perhaps one of the most significant aspects of the Rı ´o Pla ´tano Biosphere Reserve’s 
designation is that it is representative of the threats to all of La Mosquitia. 
That is why President Herna ´ndez’s 
announcement is so important. La Mosquitia is not just a treasure of the Honduran people; it has preserved cen-turies of cultural artifacts and is now home to a multitude of plant and ani-mal life that has remained largely un-disturbed by the outside world. 
President Herna ´ndez’s commitment 
to preserve these archeological sites from looters and other criminal activ-ity and to protect the broader forest area by replanting the jungle and coun-tering deforestation deserves our sup-port. I look forward to working with the Government of Honduras on how the United States may be able to assist its conservation efforts. 
f 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY 
COMMISSION 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks at 
the Senate Appropriations Sub-committee on Energy and Water Devel-opment. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
We’re here today to review the president’s 
fiscal year 2016 budget request for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, the inde-pendent federal agency responsible for regu-lating the safety of our nation’s commercial nuclear power plants and other nuclear ma-terials. 
This is the first time in many years that 
the subcommittee has held a hearing to ex-amine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s budget. 
It is also the first of several hearings that 
the subcommittee will hold this year on nu-clear power. These hearings are important because nuclear power provides about 20 per-cent of our nation’s electricity and more than 60 percent of our carbon-free elec-tricity. 
I plan to focus my questions today on four 
main areas: 
1. Licensing nuclear waste repositories; 2. Avoiding excessive regulations; 3. Licensing for new and existing reactors; 
and 
4. Making sure the agency is running effec-
tively 
First, we must solve the 25-year-old stale-
mate about what to do with used fuel from our nuclear reactors to ensure that nuclear power has a strong future in this country. 
Later this year, I will reintroduce bipar-
tisan legislation with Senators Feinstein, Murkowski and perhaps others, to create 
both temporary and permanent storage sites for nuclear waste. Also, Senator Feinstein and I plan to include a pilot program for nu-clear waste storage in the Energy and Water appropriations bill, as we have for the past three years. 
The new sites we’d seek to establish 
through the legislation Senator Feinstein and I are reintroducing this year would not take the place of Yucca Mountain—we have more than enough waste to fill Yucca Moun-tain to its legal capacity—but rather would complement it. 
This legislation is consistent with the 
president’s Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future. 
But let me be clear: Yucca Mountain can 
and should be part of the solution. Federal law designates Yucca Mountain as the na-tion’s repository for used nuclear fuel. 
The Nuclear Waste Fund, which is money 
that utilities have paid the government to dispose of their used nuclear fuel, has a bal-ance of about $36 billion and there are still several steps to go in the licensing process for Yucca Mountain. 
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has a 
balance of unspent funding that you are sup-posed to use to continue the licensing proc-ess. But more resources will be required, so I think it’s fair to ask the question: 
Knowing that there are additional steps 
and they will cost money, why would you not request additional funds in your budget? 
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission re-
cently completed the Safety Evaluation Re-port that said Yucca Mountain met all of the safety requirements through ‘‘the period of geologic stability.’’ 
The commission and the Environmental 
Protection Agency define the ‘‘period of geo-logic stability’’ as one million years. To con-tinue to oppose Yucca Mountain because of radiation concerns is to ignore science—as well as the law. 
The next steps on Yucca Mountain include 
completing a supplemental environmental impact statement and restarting the hear-ings before the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board, which were suspended in September 2011. 
Money is available for these activities, and 
I want to hear why there is no request to use it. 
Federal law requires that nuclear power 
plants be built safely, but the law doesn’t say it should be so hard and expensive to build and operate reactors that you can’t do it. 
A 2013 report by the Center for Strategic 
and International Studies found that up to 25 of our 99 nuclear reactors could close by 2020. 
The decision to close a reactor could be 
due to a number of factors, including the low price of natural gas, and the wasteful wind production tax credit, which is so generous that in some markets wind producers can lit-erally give their electricity away and still make a profit. 
But the decision to close a reactor can also 
have to do with excessive and unnecessary regulations. I want to work with the com-mission to address this. 
Over the next several decades, most of our 
99 nuclear reactors will go through the com-mission’s license renewal process to extend their licenses, which is critical to the future of nuclear power. I want to make sure that the commission is prepared for this addi-tional work. 
I also want to make sure the commission 
has devoted the appropriate resources to the licensing process to keep new reactors—like Watts Bar 2 in Tennessee—on time and on budget. 
I have proposed that we build 100 new reac-
tors, which may seem excessive, but not if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.045 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1583 March 17, 2015 
about 20 percent of our current capacity 
from coal goes offline by 2020 as projected by the Energy Information Administration. If this capacity were replaced entirely by nu-clear power it would require building an-other 48 new, 1,250-megawatt reactors— which, by the way, would reduce our carbon emissions from electricity by another 14 per-cent. Add the reactors we may need to re-place in the coming decades due to aging and other factors, and my proposal for 100 may not seem so high. 
Additionally, the commission needs to 
move forward with new small modular reac-tors. 
This subcommittee has provided funding to 
help small modular reactors get through the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s licensing process. I’d like to get your views on what you need to continue your efforts. 
One of the challenges for the Nuclear Reg-
ulatory Commission is to ensure that the agency is running effectively and focusing staff on the right goals. 
In fiscal year 2000, Congress appropriated 
about $470 million for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. The budget request this year is more than $1 billion. 
Much of the increase was due to the sig-
nificant number of new reactor licenses that were anticipated—however most were never actually submitted. So, it is fair to ask whether this additional funding is being used for unnecessary regulation. 
The best way to understand the impor-
tance of nuclear power is to look at the sto-ries of three countries: Japan, Germany and the United Arab Emirates. 
Japan and Germany have recently experi-
enced what happens when a major manufac-turing country loses its nuclear capacity. In Japan, the cost of generating electricity has 
increased 56 percent and Germany has among the highest household electricity rates in the European Union—both because they moved away from nuclear power. 
The United Arab Emirates has shown what 
a country can do when a country decides to take advantage of nuclear power. By 2020, the Emirates will have completed four reac-tors that will provide nearly 25 percent of its annual electricity. 
It will take building more nuclear reactors 
to avoid the path of Japan and Germany, and today’s hearing is an important step to mak-ing sure the United States does what it must to unleash nuclear power. 
I look forward to working with the com-
mission and our Ranking Member, Senator Feinstein, who I will now recognize for an opening statement. 
f 
CUBA’S CULTURE OF POVERTY 
CONUNDRUM 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
submit for inclusion in the C ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD the following article re-
garding the early years of the Castro regime, the policies of which created a culture of poverty in Cuba, and con-verted a previously developing country into an underdeveloped, closed society. 
The author, Professor Roland Alum, 
is a Garden State constituent, a long- time participant in civic activities, and has been a personal friend for three decades. He is a respected anthropolo-gist and author whose writings have appeared in both major newspapers and academic journals. 
This article, which appeared in Pano-
ramas, an electronic journal at the University of Pittsburgh, touches upon sensitive topics apropos to the current U.S.-Cuba relationship. I ask unanimous consent that the ar-
ticle be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Panoramas, Feb. 14, 2015] 
THECUBAN CULTURE OF POVERTY CONUNDRUM  
(By Roland Armando Alum) 
INTRODUCTION  
I propose here to re-examine certain as-
pects of life in ‘‘Socialist Cuba,’’ principally the so-called culture of poverty, as gauged relatively early in the Castro brothers re-gime by two U.S. socio-cultural anthropolo-gists, the legendary Oscar Lewis and his prote´ge´e/associate Douglas Butterworth, 
whose research project 4.5 decades ago was surrounded by controversy and enigmas. 
Unquestionably, the Fidel and Rau ´l Castro 
‘‘Revolutionary Government’’ enjoyed an ex-traordinary initial popularity in 1959. Yet, the enthusiasm vanished as the duo hijacked the liberal-inspired anti-Batista rebellion that had been largely advanced by the then expanding middle-classes. Instead of deliv-ering the promised ‘‘pan con libertad’’ (bread with liberty), the Castro siblings converted Cuba into a socio-spiritually and fiscally bankrupt, Marxist-Stalinist dystopia in which both, bread and liberty are scarce (Botı´n, 2010; Horowitz, 2008; Moore, 2008). 
Cuba was the last Ibero-American colony 
to attain independence (1902); yet, by the 1950s, the island-nation was a leader in the Americas in numerous quality-of-life indica-tors. This record was reached notwith-standing instability and governmental cor-ruption during the republican era (1902–58), including the 1952–58 bloody authoritarian dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista. However, under the (now anachronistic octogenarian) Castros, Cuba became an impoverished, Or-wellian closed society beleaguered by unproductivity, rampant corruption, humiliating rationing, human rights abuses, and—understandably—unprecedented mass emigration (Dı ´az-Briquets & Pe ´rez-Lo ´pez, 
2006; Horowitz, 2008). 
CUBA ’S CULTURE OF POVERTY CONUNDRUM  
The Lewis and Butterworth project in 1969– 
70 is still, oddly, among the little known ac-counts of the early effects of the Castro fam-ily’s regimentation. Supported by a Ford Foundation’s nearly $300,000 grant, the pro-fessors intended to test Lewis’s theory of the ‘‘culture of poverty’’ (or rather, sub-culture of poverty). They had innocently hypoth-esized that a culture of poverty (hereafter CoP) would not exist in a Marxist-oriented society, as they presupposed that the so-cially alienating conditions that engender it could develop among the poor solely in capi-talist economies. Influenced by Marxism, Lewis in particular had cleverly problem-atized the commonalities of the poor’s elu-sive quandary in well-known prior studies across different societies, notably among Mexicans and Puerto Ricans. 
While poverty is defined in relative terms, 
the CoP was conceptualized as an amorphous corpus of socially transmitted self-defeating beliefs and interrelated values, such as: abandonment, alcoholism, authoritarianism, deficient work ethic, domestic abuse, fatal-ism, homophobia/machismo, hopelessness, il-legitimacy, instant, gratification/present- time orientation, low social-civic conscious-ness, mother-centered families, sexism/mi-sogyny, suspicion of authorities while hold-ing expectations on government dependency, and so forth. 
This ‘‘psychology of the . . . oppressed . . . 
poor’’ is considered a key obstacle to achiev-ing vertical socio-economic mobility even in fluid social-class, more open societies, such as the U.S. Not all poor individuals develop 
a CoP, but being poor is a sine qua non con-dition. 
Ever since its early stages as a separate 
discipline in the mid–1800s, anthropology’s cornerstone has been the concept of ‘‘cul-ture.’’ A century later, the notion drifted to everyday language; to wit, statements such as ‘‘a culture of corruption’’ became common in the media in reference to mindsets in gov-ernment and corporations. I prefer the inter-pretation of culture by my own Pitt co-men-tor, ‘‘Jack’’ Roberts (1964): ‘‘a system for storing and retrieving information,’’ which fits with the Lewis-Butterworth approach. 
With initial high-level governmental wel-
come, one of the Lewis-Butterworth inves-tigations entailed comprehensive interviews of former Havana slum-dwellers resettled in new buildings. In the research project’s fourth book, The People of Buena Ventura, Butterworth (1980) admitted with dis-enchantment that his research project found sufficient social symptoms that met the CoP criteria, thus disproving the initial hypoth-esis expecting an absence of the CoP under socialism. 
THE PROJECT ’S SIGNIFICANCE  
The Lewis-Butterworth ethnographic (de-
scriptive, qualitative) work has various addi-tional implications. It shed light for an eval-uation of the Guevarist ‘‘New Socialist Man’’ archetype. Similarly, it informed an under-standing of the dynamics that led to the spectacular 1980 Mariel boat exodus, when over 120,000 Cubans (some 1.2% of Cuba’s pop-ulation) ‘‘voted with their feet.’’ Ironically, the regime and its insensitive fans abroad still refer to the raggedy refugees with dis-dainful discourse as ‘‘escoria’’ (scum) and with the Marxist slur ‘‘lumpen proletariat.’’ Significantly, most Marielistas were born and/or enculturated under socialism, i.e., they personified the presumed ‘‘New Man.’’ Many of them, moreover, had been military conscripts, and/or had served time in the in-famous gulag-type ‘‘U.M.A.P.’’ forced-labor camps created for political dissidents (par-ticularly intellectuals and artists), Beatles’ fans, gays, the unemployed, long-haired bo-hemians/hippies, Trotskyites, would-be emi-grants (considered ‘‘traitors’’), and religious people (including Jehovah’s Witnesses and Afro-Cuban folk-cults’ practitioners), etc. (Nu´n˜ez-Ceden ˜o, et al., 1985). In fact, the 
Marielistas encompassed also an over-rep-resentation of Afro-Cubans, the demographic sector traditionally viewed as most vulner-able, and thus, among the expected prime beneficiaries of socialist redistribution. 
Certainly, there were always poor Cu-
bans—of all phenotypes—and conceivably, some version of the CoP existed pre–1959; but in my exchanges with Butterworth, he recon-firmed another remarkable finding. While acknowledging the social shortcomings of pre-revolutionary times, he could not docu-ment (for ex., through the collection of oral life-histories), a case for a pervasive, pre-rev-olutionary Lewisian CoP. 
This in situ scrutiny of daily life fairly 
early in the Castros era corroborates pre-vious and subsequent accounts by many Cubanologists and the much vilified and ever-expanding exile community. There ex-ists a widespread CoP in Socialist Cuba, though not necessarily as a survivor of the ancien re ´gime, but—as Butterworth de-
duced—a consequence of the nouveau re ´gime. 
The authorities must have suspected, or ascertained through surveillance, about the prospective conclusions, given that the an-thropologists were suddenly expelled from the country. They were accused of being U.S. spies, most of their research material was confiscated, and some ‘‘informants’’ (interviewees) were arrested and/or harassed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.022 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1584 March 17, 2015 
Additionally, their Cuban statistician, 
A´lvaro I ´nsua, was imprisoned. 
Comfortably from abroad, academic and 
media enthusiasts of the Castros’ ‘‘dynasty’’ customarily replicate party-line cliche ´s in 
their penchant to ‘‘launder’’ the dictator-ship’s excesses and the centralized econo-my’s dysfunctions by blaming external fac-tors. Topping the excuses is the ending of the defunct COMECON’s subsidies circa 1990. Some apologists—notably a few anthro-pology colleagues—even absurdly refer to the 1959–90 epoch as a ‘‘utopia,’’ while the gov-ernment labeled the current calamitous post-1990 years the ‘‘Special Period.’’ 
Yet, the undertaking by Lewis & 
Butterworth, who were initially eagerly sim-patico to the Castros, provided remarkable revelations that regime’s defenders conven-iently still continue to overlook. It showed that life for average Cubans toward the end of the regime’s first decade—long before the Special Period—was already beset with cor-ruption, consumer scarcities, and time-wast-ing food-lines. All this is characteristic of what is branded ‘‘economies of shortage,’’ standard for Soviet-modeled societies (Eberstadt, 1988; Ghodsee, 2011; Halperin, 1981; Verdery 1996). 
Likewise, Butterworth portrayed how ordi-
nary Cubans—‘‘los de a pie’’ (those on foot)— were by then engaging in what nowadays we call ‘‘everyday forms of resistance,’’ a social weapon of subjugated people anywhere. As also depicted by other observers and Cuban former participant-resisters (now exiled, my own informants or ‘‘cultural consultants’’), Butterworth reported how Cubans were al-ready undermining the hegemonic police- state through taboo actions, such as absen-teeism, black-marketeering, briberies, pil-fering, and even vandalism. Apparently, this project remains the only conventional test-ing of the CoP in a totalitarian socialist country, although numerous researchers have chronicled the pitiable quality of life under such socio-political systems (Eberstadt, 1988; Halperin, 1981). 
Indeed, the Cuban reality of widespread 
misery—except for the privileged top one- percent (now an elitist gerontocracy)—as well as of indignities and hushed quotidian defiance, evokes narratives about similar, though faraway communist ‘‘experiments’’ that collapsed a quarter-century ago. Among these comparable accounts are ethnologist Verdery’s (1996) descriptions of despot Ceaus ¸escu’s Romania and Ghodsee’s (2011) 
Bulgarian ethnographic vignettes. 
EPILOGUE  
A number of experts have been reporting 
about certain kinds of behavioral traits among Cubans, both islanders and recent e´migre ´s, which may reflect CoP patterns 
(Botı´n, 2010; Horowitz, 2008). This is not sur-
prising, as the CoP worsened with time as impoverishment augmented (Hirschfeld, 2008). 
One can surmise that, despite its human 
and material toll, the Castros regime not only failed to solve traditional social prob-lems, but exacerbated at least some of them, and moreover created new ones (Dı ´az-Bri-
quets & Pe ´rez-Lo ´pez, 2006; Eberstadt, 1988). 
Much of this was already manifested in the 1960s (Edwards, 1973; Halperin, 1981), as re-flected in the Lewis-Butterworth venture. 
Lewis died, heart-broken, at age 56 in De-
cember 1970 upon his repatriation. Butterworth also took ill—especially emo-tionally—dying in 1986 (at 56 too). The I ´nsuas 
were abandoned in Cuba to their own lot. A´lvaro languished in jail for six years; in 
1980 he was ‘‘allowed’’ to leave for Costa Rica with wife Greta (who had also worked for the project), and son Manolo. They reached the U.S. soon thereafter, coinciding with the ar-rival of the Mariel expatriates and 
Butterworth’s book publication. After a brief staying in northern New Jersey, where I as-sisted them, they settled in Miami. 
In assessing the legacy of the Lewis- 
Butterworth project on Cuba’s culture of poverty, there remain several intriguing puz-zles pending exploration. Hopefully, someday A´lvaro and Greta will write their own eluci-
dating memoirs. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO BILL BREWER 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to congratulate Bill Brewer on his re-tirement after serving the great State of Nevada for over 30 years. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of hard work and dedication to enhancing the lives of many across rural Nevada. 
Mr. Brewer stands as a shining exam-
ple of someone who has devoted his life to serving his State and his local com-munity. After earning his degree from Oklahoma State University, Mr. Brew-er started working in the housing in-dustry for the Farmers Home Adminis-tration, FmHA. In 1994, he became the first housing program director for the new Nevada State office of FmHA. This was later named the State office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, USDA, Rural Development. During his tenure as program director for the USDA, Mr. Brewer invested more than $1 billion in rural Nevada, assisting hundreds of families and seniors in home ownership and affordable rental housing. Mr. Brewer spent recent years continuing his work in public service as leader of the senior management team of Nevada Rural Housing Author-ity, working to make goals of the orga-nization a reality. His positive legacy in the rural Nevada housing industry will be felt for years to come. 
His unwavering commitment to the 
State is noble and has not gone with-out notice. Mr. Brewer was appointed to the Nevada Housing Division Advi-sory Committee and the Community Development Block Grant Advisory Committee as a result of his accom-plishments. His hard work earned him the County Supervisor of the Year for Nevada and the State Director’s Going the Extra Mile Award in 2011. His acco-lades are well deserved. 
It is not only Mr. Brewer’s commit-
ment to his local community in the housing sector that places him amongst the most notable in his com-munity but also his devotion to chari-table service. Mr. Brewer has served on the board of directors for the Nevada Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America for 10 years and is a longtime member of the organization. In 2004, he received the Boy Scouts Silver Beaver Award in recognition of his service and was awarded the President’s Volunteer Service Award in 2009. 
I am grateful for his dedication to 
the people of Nevada. He exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and community service and should be proud of his long and meaningful career. 
Today, I ask that all of my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Brewer on his retirement, and I give my deep-est appreciation for all that he has done to make Nevada a better place. I offer him my best wishes for many suc-cessful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:16 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, without amendment: 
S. Con. Res. 7. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 284. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require State licen-sure and bid surety bonds for entities sub-mitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisi-tion program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 639. An act to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing. 
H.R. 647. An act to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 648. An act to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to section 803(a) of the Con-gressional Recognition for Excellence in Arts Education Act (2 U.S.C. 803(a)), the Minority Leader appoints the fol-lowing member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Con-gressional Award Board: Mr. Romero Brown of Acworth, Georgia. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 1011c, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following in-dividuals on the part of the House of Representatives to the National Advi-sory Committee on Institutional Qual-ity and Integrity for a term of six years: Upon the recommendation of the Minority Leader: Dr. George T. French of Fairfield, Alabama, Dr. Kathleen Sullivan Alioto of New York, New York, and Mr. Ralph A. Wolff of Oak-land, California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.024 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1585 March 17, 2015 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 284. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require State licen-sure and bid surety bonds for entities sub-mitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisi-tion program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
H.R. 639. An act to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
H.R. 647. An act to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
H.R. 648. An act to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. COATS, from the Joint Economic 
Committee: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘2015 Economic 
Report of the President’’ (Rept. No. 114–5). 
By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee 
on Intelligence, without amendment: 
S. 754. An original bill to improve cyberse-
curity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cyber-security threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 749. A bill to require dynamic scoring of 
major legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ): 
S. 750. A bill to achieve border security on 
certain Federal lands along the Southern border; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , 
Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. E NZI, 
Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. V ITTER , 
and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 751. A bill to improve the establishment 
of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. S HELBY , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. CORKER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. V ITTER , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. K IRK, Mr. H ELL-
ER, Mr. S COTT, and Mr. M ORAN ): 
S. 752. A bill to establish a scorekeeping 
rule to ensure that increases in guarantee fees of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shall not be used to offset provisions that increase the deficit; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. 
COONS ): 
S. 753. A bill to amend the method by 
which the Social Security Administration determines the validity of marriages under title II of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BURR: 
S. 754. An original bill to improve cyberse-
curity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cyber-security threats, and for other purposes; from the Select Committee on Intelligence; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mr. C
ORKER ): 
S. 755. A bill to designate as wilderness cer-
tain public land in the Cherokee National Forest in the State of Tennessee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
R
UBIO, and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. 756. A bill to require a report on ac-
countability for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. 
B
URR): 
S. 757. A bill to modify the prohibition on 
recognition by United States courts of cer-tain rights relating to certain marks, trade names, or commercial names; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. G
RAHAM ): 
S. 758. A bill to establish an Interagency 
Trade Enforcement Center in the Office of the United States Trade Representative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. 
G
ARDNER ): 
S. 759. A bill to establish procedures for the 
expedited consideration by Congress of the recommendations set forth in the Cuts, Con-solidations, and Savings report prepared by the Office of Management and Budget; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 760. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to authorize a bipartisan majority of Commissioners of the Federal Communications Commission to hold non-public collaborative discussions; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. G
RASSLEY ): 
S. 761. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to designate certain medical fa-cilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs as health professional shortage areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. C ASEY , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. 762. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish an innovation in surface transportation program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mrs. 
M
URRAY ): 
S. 763. A bill to amend title XII of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): 
S. 764. A bill to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
G
ARDNER ): 
S. 765. A bill to appropriately determine 
the budgetary effects of energy savings per-formance contracts and utility energy serv-ice contracts; to the Committee on the Budg-et. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 766. A bill to limit the retrieval of data 
from vehicle event data recorders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 767. A bill to eliminate the payroll tax 
for individuals who have attained retirement age, to amend title II of the Social Security Act to remove the limitation upon the amount of outside income which an indi-vidual may earn while receiving benefits under such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. Res. 102. A resolution requiring author-
izing committees to hold annual hearings on Government Accountability Office investiga-tive reports on the identification, consolida-tion, and elimination of duplicative Govern-ment programs; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and 
Mr. B
OOZMAN ): 
S. Con. Res. 10. A concurrent resolution 
supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the ‘‘International Year of Soils’’ and sup-porting locally led soil conservation; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 15 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Wyo-
ming (Mr. B ARRASSO ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 15, a bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to recognize the authority of States to regulate oil and gas operations and promote American energy security, development, and job creation, and for other purposes. 
S. 142 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 142, a bill to require the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safe-ty packaging for liquid nicotine con-tainers, and for other purposes. 
S. 153 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.009 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1586 March 17, 2015 
KING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
153, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize addi-tional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient services. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose ad-ditional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Arkan-
sas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), the Senator from 
Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ), the Senator from 
Iowa (Mrs. E RNST ), the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the 
Senator from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ), 
the Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ), 
the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ), 
the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. R ISCH) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in com-memoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 308 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 308, a bill to reauthorize 21st century community learning cen-ters, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 332 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 332, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make per-manent the extension of the Medicare- dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hospital pro-gram. S. 335 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 335, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 338, a bill to permanently reauthor-ize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 388 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 388, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to require humane treatment of animals by Federal Gov-ernment facilities. 
S. 418 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 418, a bill to support and en-courage the health and well-being of el-ementary school and secondary school students by enhancing school physical education and health education. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from 
Kentucky (Mr. P AUL) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written pri-vacy notice requirement. 
S. 430 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 430, a bill to prohibit the mar-keting of electronic cigarettes to chil-dren, and for other purposes. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 483 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
483, a bill to improve enforcement ef-forts related to prescription drug diver-sion and abuse, and for other purposes. 
S. 502 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAK-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 502, 
a bill to focus limited Federal re-sources on the most serious offenders. 
S. 526 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 526, a bill to sunset the 2001 Author-ization for Use of Military Force after three years. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to repeal the Medicare out-patient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
559, a bill to prohibit the Secretary of Education from engaging in regulatory overreach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 577 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
577, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act to eliminate the corn ethanol mandate for renewable fuel. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordina-tion of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 599 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 599, a bill to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 626 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 626, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physician services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Medicaid beneficiaries to appro-priate quality foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to mod-ify the requirements for diabetic shoes to be included under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 634 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.007 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1587 March 17, 2015 
(Mr. B ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 634, a bill to prohibit the Federal Emergency Management Agency from recouping certain assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 650 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 650, a bill to extend the positive train control system implementation deadline, and for other purposes. 
S. 667 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 667, a bill to ensure that organiza-tions with religious or moral convic-tions are allowed to continue to pro-vide services for children. 
S. 674 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 674, a bill to expand pro-grams with respect to women’s health. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 683, a bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, pro-vide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
697, a bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 297 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 297 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a bill to provide jus-tice for the victims of trafficking. 
AMENDMENT NO . 300 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 300 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a bill to pro-vide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself 
and Mr. G RAHAM ): 
S. 758. A bill to establish an Inter-
agency Trade Enforcement Center in the Office of the United States Trade Representative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
want to take a moment to discuss the importance of international trade and the enforcement of international trade agreements. 
We talk a lot about international 
trade in this Chamber and frame it in terms of opening new markets with new trade agreements. But as the dis-tinguished Presiding Officer under-stands, while it is important to ensure future agreements are fair for busi-nesses and workers, we should also be devoting more time to the 290 trade agreements we already have and ask ourselves; are we doing all we can to ensure we are enforcing these trade agreements on behalf of American businesses and workers who are af-fected by trade agreements, on behalf of communities that are affected by trade agreements? 
I do not think we are, despite strong 
efforts by the Obama administration. I say that because this particular re-port—which I have in my hand, which is very heavy—is a report from the U.S. Trade Representative that has 384 pages detailing all of the trade barriers we face around the globe. Those are 384 reasons why we need to do more to fight for our manufacturers, our farm-ers, our innovators, our workers—ev-eryone employed in all of the indus-tries that are affected by trade bar-riers. 
So today, Senator G
RAHAM and I are 
introducing the Trade Enforcement Act, which would make permanent the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center at the USTR. 
The Center was created in 2012 by Ex-
ecutive order. I appreciate that very much. Senator G
RAHAM and I have been 
working for a number of years to get a trade enforcement office, and I appre-ciate that President Obama put in place by Executive order this new Cen-ter with responsibilities to coordinate the enforcement powers of multiple Federal agencies. 
It has already demonstrated its value 
in helping our Nation win major trade enforcement cases. We just need to make it permanent. 
Around the same time as the Center’s 
creation, China began imposing illegal duties on American cars and SUVs in defiance of World Trade Organization rules. These duties threatened the jobs of America’s 850,000 automobile work-ers and had a direct impact on more than $5 billion of U.S. auto exports. 
With the help of the Interagency 
Trade Enforcement Center, the U.S. Trade Representative challenged this practice by China at the WTO. The WTO agreed with the United States that China’s duties breached numerous international trade rules, and last June the duties were terminated. They ended. 
Another case, Argentina was restrict-
ing imports of U.S. goods—blocking en-ergy products, electronics and machin-ery, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, cars and parts—billions of dollars in potential sales. The Center helped to challenge that practice by Argentina, 
and, again, the WTO ruled in favor of the United States. 
The Center helped to challenge Chi-
na’s practice of imposing duties on ex-ports of rare Earth materials—so im-portant, again, to our basic technology and manufacturing. In fact, in that case, the United States won. The Cen-ter helped to challenge India’s ban on U.S. agricultural products, and we won again. 
So what we are learning is that when 
the U.S. Trade Representative works with the Interagency Trade Enforce-ment Center—with an entity that is laser-focused on enforcing trade laws— to challenge unfair trade practices around the world, the United States wins. 
We can continue winning if only we 
devote more time and more attention to enforcing the rules in our existing trade agreements. Again, we have a lot of work that needs to be done with all the trade barriers stopping us from having the opportunities to the mar-kets that would allow us to export our goods. 
For example, the USTR’s report on 
nontariff trade barriers highlights how China provides export subsidies to its auto parts manufacturers so they can sell their parts to other countries at below market value and still turn a profit. This makes it impossible for our parts manufacturers—many of them small businesses—to compete in those markets. 
In a letter I wrote to the President— 
which I was pleased to have 188 Mem-bers of Congress sign—I asked the ad-ministration to take action. I was very pleased when the USTR announced later that year that the United States was formally challenging China’s ille-gal practices on autos and auto parts. Without the investigation and the technical work done by the Inter-agency Trade Enforcement Center, that challenge would not have been possible. 
We have a free-trade agreement with 
Korea. Yet that nation continues to erect new trade barriers that make it more difficult for U.S. automakers to do business there. Even today, despite best efforts to open things up, Korea is one of the most closed auto markets in the world. 
Our legislation is based on the fact 
that our enforcement needs to go fur-ther and faster, and we need to support it. We need to give the USTR the re-sources it needs to take swift, decisive action to crack down on unfair trade practices. I very much appreciate the work that is being done by that Center, and they are showing what happens when we are focused, when we as a country are focused on those things that our businesses and workers need in terms of eliminating unfair trade practices. 
But I think it is very important that 
this Interagency Trade Enforcement Center become permanent, and that is what the bill that Senator G
RAHAM and 
I are introducing would do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.008 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1588 March 17, 2015 
Our bill would also establish a Chief 
Trade Enforcement Officer to lead the Center so we have one person being held accountable on enforcement who would be accountable to the Senate and to the American people. 
We also do something that I think is 
very important that will help manufac-turing. Right now we have at the USTR a Chief Agricultural Negotiator. I sup-port that. They are somebody helping to lead our efforts in agricultural pol-icy. But we know to have a strong economy, it is about making things and growing things, and the making things part of it does not have a chief negotiator. That is why we in our bill create a Chief Manufacturing Nego-tiator to focus squarely on the inter-ests of manufacturers in our country. That will clearly send a message that when we talk about growing the middle class, growing the economy, we are going to be laser-focused on manufac-turing, as well as on agriculture. 
We know that for every $1 billion in 
goods we export, we support 5,800 American jobs. By passing the Trade Enforcement Act, we will remove more trade barriers, meaning we will export more goods and create more American jobs, and we all want to create jobs and grow the economy. 
So I am looking forward to working 
with my colleagues in the months ahead to ensure that in this global marketplace where we find ourselves, there is, in fact, a level playing field and we have an agency and individuals who are laser-focused on making sure we have fair trade. 
In the end, our goal should be to ex-
port our products, not our jobs. That is what Senator G
RAHAM ’s and my bill 
would do. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 763. A bill to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
pleased to introduce the Trauma Sys-tems and Regionalization of Emer-gency Care Reauthorization Act with Senator M
URRAY . Timely and effective 
trauma care is critical to ensuring life-saving interventions for those who have serious injuries. 
Nationally, trauma is the leading 
cause of death in the United States for individuals aged 44 and younger. Ac-cording to the National Trauma Insti-tute, trauma accounts for 41 million emergency room visits and 2.3 million hospital admissions across the country each year. The nation’s trauma and emergency medical systems are de-signed to respond quickly and effi-ciently to get seriously injured individ-uals to the appropriate trauma center hospital within the ‘‘golden hour,’’ the time period when medical intervention is most effective in saving lives and preserving function. Achieving this standard of access requires mainte-
nance and careful coordination be-tween organized systems of trauma care. 
The Trauma Systems and Regional-
ization of Emergency Care Reauthor-ization Act builds on my previous ef-forts to improve trauma care, which is an essential component of our care sys-tem. Last year, the President signed into law legislation I introduced, the Improving Trauma Care Act, which in-cludes burn injuries in the definition of trauma care. Previously, the statutory definitions of trauma were inconsistent and outdated. Most notably, the law defined trauma in a way that excluded burn injuries, preventing burn centers from being able to apply for funding made available under trauma and emergency care programs. The Improv-ing Trauma Care Act updated the Fed-eral definition of trauma to include burns, a change that more appro-priately reflects the relationship be-tween burns and other traumatic inju-ries. 
This was an important step, but more 
must be done. The legislation we are introducing today would reauthorize two important grant programs: Trau-ma Care Systems Planning Grants, which support State and rural develop-ment of trauma systems, and Regional-ization of Emergency Care Systems Pilot Projects, which provide funds to design, implement, and evaluate inno-vative models of regionalized emer-gency care. The bill would also direct States to update their model trauma care plan with the input of relevant stakeholders. These critical programs support emergency care in commu-nities across the country. 
I urge our colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to join us in cosponsoring this legislation and working toward its ex-peditious passage. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 102—REQUIR-
ING AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES TO HOLD ANNUAL HEARINGS ON GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE INVESTIGATIVE RE-PORTS ON THE IDENTIFICATION, CONSOLIDATION, AND ELIMI-NATION OF DUPLICATIVE GOV-ERNMENT PROGRAMS 
Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 102 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Con-
gressional Oversight to Start Taxpayer Sav-ings Resolution’’ or the ‘‘COST Savings Res-olution’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRING COMMITTEE HEARINGS ON 
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE REPORTS. 
(a) D UPLICATION REPORTS .—Not later than 
90 days after the date on which the Comp-troller General of the United States trans-mits each annual report to Congress identi-
fying programs, agencies, offices, and initia-tives with duplicative goals and activities within the Government under section 21 of the joint resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolu-tion increasing the statutory limit on the public debt’’ (Public Law 111–139; 31 U.S.C. 712 note), each standing committee of the Senate (except the Committee on Appropria-tions) with jurisdiction over any such pro-gram, agency, office, or initiative covered by that report shall conduct hearings on the recommendations for consolidation and elimination of such program, agency, office, or initiative. 
(b) H
IGHRISKLIST.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States publishes a High Risk List, or any successor thereto, each standing committee of the Senate (except 
the Committee on Appropriations) with ju-risdiction over any agency or program area on the High Risk List shall conduct hearings on the vulnerabilities to fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement, or need for trans-formation, of the agency or program area. 
(c) J
OINT HEARINGS .—For any program, 
agency, office, initiative, or program area over which more than 1 standing committee of the Senate (except the Committee on Ap-propriations) has jurisdiction, to the extent determined beneficial and appropriate by the Chairmen of the committees, the commit-tees may hold joint hearings under sub-section (a) or (b). 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 10—SUPPORTING THE DES-IGNATION OF THE YEAR OF 2015 AS THE ‘‘INTERNATIONAL YEAR OF SOILS’’ AND SUPPORTING LO-CALLY LED SOIL CONSERVATION 
Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ) submitted the following con-
current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry: 
S. C ON. RES. 10 
Whereas many of the international part-
ners of the United States are designating 2015 as the ‘‘International Year of Soils’’; 
Whereas soil is vitally important for food 
security and essential ecosystem functions; 
Whereas soil conservation efforts in the 
United States are often locally led; 
Whereas 2015 also marks the 80th anniver-
sary of the signing of the Soil Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act (16 U.S.C. 590a et seq.) on April 27, 1935; 
Whereas soils, as the foundation for agri-
cultural production, essential ecosystem functions, and food security, are key to sus-taining life on Earth; 
Whereas soils and the science of soils con-
tribute to improved water quality, food safe-ty and security, healthy ecosystems, and human health; and 
Whereas soil, plant, animal, and human 
health are intricately linked; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress— 
(1) supports the designation of 2015 as the 
‘‘International Year of Soils’’; 
(2) encourages the public to participate in 
activities that celebrate the importance of soils to the current and future well-being of the United States; and 
(3) supports conservation of the soils of the 
United States, through— 
(A) partnership with local soil and water 
conservation districts; and 
(B) landowner participation in— (i) the conservation reserve program estab-
lished under subchapter B of chapter 1 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.017 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1589 March 17, 2015 
subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security 
Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831 et seq.); 
(ii) the environmental quality incentives 
program established under chapter 4 of sub-title D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa et seq.); 
(iii) the conservation stewardship program 
established under subchapter B of chapter 2 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838D et seq.); 
(iv) the agricultural conservation ease-
ment program established under subtitle H of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865 et seq.); 
(v) the regional conservation partnership 
program established under subtitle I of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871 et seq.); and 
(vi) the small watershed rehabilitation 
program established under section 14 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1012). 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 317. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 307 submitted by Mr. T
ILLIS and intended 
to be proposed to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 318. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 291 submitted by Mr. T
OOMEY (for himself 
and Mr. M ANCHIN ) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill S. 178, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 317. Mr. TILLIS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 307 submitted by Mr. T
ILLIS and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1, strike line 5, and all 
that follows through page 2, line 6, and insert the following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—If a covered alien is con-
victed of human trafficking or any con-spiracy related to human trafficking, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— 
(1) revoke any immigration benefit granted 
to the covered alien or relief from removal provided pursuant to policies implemented under, or substantially similar to policies implemented under, an Executive action set out under subsection (c); and 
(2) place the covered alien in expedited pro-
ceedings for removal from the United States after the covered alien completes any term of imprisonment for such a conviction. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED ALIEN .—The term ‘‘covered 
alien’’— 
(A) means an alien present in the United 
States; and 
(B) does not include an alien lawfully ad-
mitted for permanent residence. 
(2) L AWFULLY ADMITTED FOR PERMANENT  
RESIDENCE .—The term ‘‘lawfully admitted for 
permanent residence’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). 
SA 318. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 291 submitted by Mr. T
OOMEY (for himself and Mr. M ANCHIN ) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the vic-tims of trafficking; which was ordered 
to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 6, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘or the ‘Jeremy Bell Act’.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘TSA Oversight and Examination of the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Building a Competitive U.S. Inter-national Tax System.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Health IT Transformation: Translating the Promise of Electronic Health Records Into Better Care.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Securing the 
Southwest Border: Perspectives from Beyond the Beltway.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Immigration Reforms Needed to Protect Skilled American Workers.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FISHERIES , WILDLIFE , AND 
WATER  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Fisheries, Wildlife, and Water of the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON WESTERN HEMISPHERE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Western Hemisphere be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Deepening Political and Economic Crisis in Venezuela: Implications for U.S. Interests and the Western Hemi-sphere.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Benji McMurray, a detailee to the Antitrust Subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee, be granted floor privileges for the duration of this Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to grant floor privileges to a member of my staff, Derek Brown, through the end of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 
18, 2015 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MR6.015 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1590 March 17, 2015 
March 18; that following the prayer and 
pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of 
morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and that the time be equally divided, with the Democrats 
controlling the first half and the ma-jority controlling the second half; fi-nally, following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of S. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:33 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, March 18, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MR6.047 S17MRPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E339 March 17, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO WADSWORTH, OHIO 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a city I am proud to call home: Wads-worth, Ohio. 
This past year, Wadsworth celebrated its bi-
centennial. It was an opportunity to reflect on how far our city has come and how much we can achieve in the years ahead. 
Founded in 1814, the city was named after 
Elijah Wadsworth, a Revolutionary War hero. Though he never lived in Wadsworth, he was an active member of his community and served as the postmaster, sheriff, and the commander of the 4th Division State Militia. He led by example and showed us just how important it is to give back to a community that has given you so much. 
Wadsworth is important to me not only be-
cause it’s where I have called home for more than 30 years, it’s also where I raised my three children. That is why, over a span of 18 years, I served the city in capacities as a vol-unteer firefighter, a member of the Board of Zoning appeals, a member of the Planning Commission, president of the city council, and as mayor. 
Now, as a member of the U.S. House of 
Representatives, I am working on behalf of the people of Wadsworth and Ohio’s 16th District to encourage economic growth in our region and solutions that hold the promise of a bright-er future. 
President Lincoln once said, ‘‘The best way 
to predict the future is to create it.’’ I came to Washington to fight to pass on a better Amer-ica with more opportunities to our children and grandchildren, and each day I work toward that goal. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 100TH EAGLE SCOUT 
OF TROOP 67 
HON. REID J. RIBBLE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the efforts of Patrick McCormick. Mr. McCormick has selflessly dedicated much of his life to Boy Scout Troop 67. Since found-ing the Troop in 1966, Mr. McCormick has mentored 100 Eagle Scouts. An Eagle Scout himself, Mr. McCormick is a role model for each and every member of Boy Scout Troop 67. 
I need not go into detail of the importance 
Eagle Scouts have played in our country’s his-tory with men such as Neil Armstrong and President Gerald Ford. Under the leadership of Patrick McCormick, Troop 67 has ten Eagle Scouts whom are veterans of the United States of America’s Armed Forces. One is a Boy Scouts of America District Scout Execu-
tive, one is a minister, thirty-two Scouts that have earned their Eagle Scout Award are now registered as Assistant Scoutmasters and twenty-five have earned their Eagle Scout Palms. The Eagle Scouts, throughout their community service, have identified projects and built the necessary relationships to move those projects forward. These Eagle projects enhance the communities in which they are performed, and provide a road map of encour-agement to the scouts that follow in their foot-steps. 
I commend Mr. McCormick for his many 
years of service, dedication and mentorship to the young men of this nation. It is men like Mr. McCormick that inspire and engage the youth of our country to grow and do great things. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM OF CONGRESSMAN 
DONALD ‘‘DON’’ HOLST CLAUSEN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I honor the 
memory of former Congressman Donald ‘‘Don’’ Holst Clausen, who passed away on February 7, 2015, at the age of 91. Mr. Clau-sen, a native of Humboldt County, California attended several colleges, including St. Mary’s College. From there, he joined the V5 Naval Aviation Cadet Program and enlisted in World War II. His service in aviation during the war carried over to starting a flight school and am-bulance service at the Del Norte airport. 
Mr. Clausen served on the Del Norte Coun-
ty Board of Supervisors from 1955 to 1962. He was elected to Congress in 1963 following the death of Congressman Clement Woodnutt Miller. During his time in the U.S. House of Representatives, he worked on the formation and expansion of Redwood National Park, and was an ardent supporter of the Klamath, Eel and Russian Rivers. He also worked to estab-lish a 200-mile fishing boundary to prevent the exploitation of ocean fisheries by foreign fleets. 
Following his defeat for reelection in 1982, 
Mr. Clausen was appointed by President Ron-ald Reagan to be director of special projects for the Federal Aviation Administration, in which he served until 1990. 
It is with deep respect that we mourn the 
passing of Mr. Don Clausen and extend con-dolences to his daughters Dawn Marie Baumgartner and Bev Mendenhall. His pres-ence will be sorely missed. HONORING MR. WILLIE THOMAS 
GRAY 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a great community leader, Mr. Willie Thomas Gray. 
Mr. Gray is a native of the Citronelle area in 
north Mobile County, where he graduated from Citronelle High School. He is the owner and publisher of two weekly newspapers in the area: The Call News and the Washington County News. Under his leadership, the pa-pers have consistently received various press association awards. He is also an active mem-ber of the Alabama Press Association and the National Newspaper Association. 
After his local chamber of commerce went 
inactive a number of years ago, Willie Gray stepped up to the plate. He arranged meetings of local business, civic, church, and education leaders to promote the continuation of civic in-volvement and formed the Citronelle Business Association. Today, Mr. Gray remains active in economic development efforts in the commu-nity. His work has included the execution of a professional study, including following-up on the results and planning for development based on its findings. 
Mr. Gray has also taken an active role in 
the betterment of the north Mobile County schools. As a foremost advocate for edu-cation, he worked with the Mobile County Pub-lic School System to move ahead with con-struction of a new Citronelle High School and Calcedeaver Elementary School and an exten-sive renovation of historic Rosa A. Lott Middle School. The renovations and new construc-tions were critical, as some of the buildings were over 100 years old. 
Mr. Speaker, we need more people like 
Willie Gray in our nation. His commitment to the local schools, businesses, and civic orga-nizations serves as a bright example of com-munity involvement. I look forward to a contin-ued partnership with Mr. Gray as we work to-wards the common goal of making Southwest Alabama a better place to live, work, and raise a family. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF THE 
CITY OF FINDLAY, OHIO ON BEING NAMED THE 2014 TOP MICROPOLITAN COMMUNITY IN THE UNITED STATES 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to recognize the City of Findlay, which is located in Ohio’s Fifth Congressional District. Findlay was recently named the 2014 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MR8.001 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E340 March 17, 2015 
Top Micropolitan Community in the United 
States by Site Selection magazine, the official publication of the Global FDI Association and the Industrial Asset Management Council. 
The magazine ranked 576 of the nation’s 
micropolitan areas, cities with populations ranging from 10,000 to 50,000 that cover at least one county. While Findlay has ranked well for many years, placing fourth in 2013, this is the first time the city has topped the list. 
The City of Findlay has focused its efforts 
on economic development within the commu-nity, and this year’s recognition is a testament to the collaboration among local, county and state leaders, the Findlay-Hancock County Economic Development office and the city’s community partners. Their efforts continue to make Findlay a great place to live, work, and raise a family. Findlay’s future remains bright for the years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the City of Findlay, Ohio, on being named the 2014 Top Micropolitan Com-munity in the United States. I am extremely proud of the growth and investment that have occurred in Findlay over the past year, and am excited about the potential this develop-ment brings to the city’s residents and busi-nesses who are proud to call Findlay home. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. 
ALEXANDER E. ‘‘AL’’ TEODOSIO 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to remember the life of Mr. Alexander E. ‘‘Al’’ Teodosio, 90, who passed away on Tuesday, February 10, in the presence of his loving family. 
Al dedicated his life to spending time with 
his family and friends, showing compassion to others, and while serving his country in the armed forces. Al honorably served during World War II as a Private First Class in the Army Air Corps Squadron in the Pacific The-ater and demonstrated tremendous strength and courage throughout his tenure. After his service Al returned to the states and became a widely respected attorney and practiced for many years in the city of Akron, Ohio with his late brother, Ernie. In 1950, Al married the love of his life Anna and the two shared over 64 years of love and happiness together. Re-gardless of his official title, Al aimed to make his community a better place to call home; and he undoubtedly succeeded. From 1976 to 1990, he served as Chairman of the Summit County Democratic Party, and made it a pri-ority to inspire and mentor other local public servants. 
Al was preceded in death by his loving par-
ents; dear siblings; son, Alan; and grand-daughter, Andrea. He is survived by his loving wife Anna Marie; children, Mary Anne, Thom-as, Carol Anne, Robert, Alex; grandchildren, Christine, Kathleen, Joseph, Christopher, David, Lexi, Nicholas, Joseph, Ellen, and Alice. Perhaps the most fitting tribute to Al was written by his own children commemo-rating the Teodosio’s 60th wedding anniver-sary in 2010. ‘‘Thank you mom and dad,’’ it read, ‘‘for teaching us the meaning of love, commitment, and family.’’ My dear friend Al helped to make the world a brighter place and 
he will be dearly missed. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SANDRA 
CARAVELLA—28TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Sandra Caravella of Atwater Village, a unique neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. 
Born and raised in the Atwater Village area 
of Los Angeles, Ms. Caravella attended 
Atwater Elementary School, Irving Junior High School and John Marshall High School. With the exception of a few years when she and her husband, Joe, also an Atwater Village na-tive, resided in Michigan, Sandra has been a lifetime resident of Atwater Village, where she and Joe raised their family. While a young mother, Sandra volunteered at her sons’ school, Atwater Avenue Elementary School as a teacher’s aide, and became involved in the Parent Teacher Association. When her young-est son was six years old, she took a part time job at the Los Angeles Convention and Visi-tors Bureau working as a registration super-visor at conventions, seminars and trade shows, where she remained for over two dec-ades. 
Well regarded in her community, Ms. 
Caravella is a passionate and dedicated vol-unteer. She is a founding member and current Board member of the Friends of Atwater Vil-lage (FAV), whose first venture was to suc-cessfully save the historic Van de Kamp Bak-ery building. As a FAV Board member, Sandra has been instrumental in attaining grants for community beautification projects that include murals illustrating the area’s history, flower containers, and a decorative gate at the Los Angeles River and Acresite Street. With three other FAV Board members, she produced cal-endars featuring local history and a book enti-tled: Images of America: Atwater Village. Ms. Caravella is a member of the Atwater Village Chamber of Commerce, was the chamber’s project manager of the sign committee, and serves on the Tree Lighting and River Com-mittees for the Atwater Village Neighborhood Council. 
Married for nearly half a century, Sandra 
and her husband, Joe, have two sons, Jeff and Brian, two grandsons, Vincenzo and Nico, all of whom live in Atwater Village. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Sandra Caravella. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was absent 
for votes on Tuesday, March 17, 2015, due to my attendance at the funeral of my close friend, John Rainey. By any account he lived an extraordinary life based on the lives he touched, the difference he made and the de-gree to which he was a great friend to all those blessed to call him just that. I was one of those so fortunate, and accordingly I will miss him dearly. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: 
Roll call no. 116: Previous Question on H. 
Res. 138—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 1029—EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2015 and consideration of H.R. 1030—Secret Science Reform Act of 2015: Yea 
Roll call no. 117: Rule providing for consid-
eration of H.R. 1029—EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 and consideration of H.R. 1030—Secret Science Reform Act of 2015: Yea 
Roll call no. 118: H.R. 1191—Protecting 
Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Re-sponders Act: Yea 
Roll call no. 119: McKinley Amendment: 
Yea 
Roll call no. 120: Motion to recommit H.R. 
1029 with instructions: Nay 
Roll call no. 121: H.R. 1029—EPA Science 
Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015: Yea 
f 
THE BATTLE WAGES ON: SECUR-
ING EQUAL VOTING RIGHTS IN THE UNITED STATES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, this year, we celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It is an historic piece of legislation that was signed with the pride, humility and blood of brave men and women whose courage has watered the soil of our nation’s democracy. For decades, it has been revered as a pillar of America’s transformative society. It rep-resented the promise of our forefathers. 
Yet, fifty years after its passage, the laws’ 
promises are unfulfilled. And, reflective of the nation’s climate during the civil rights era, we are witnessing divisive political forces rally to resurrect the abhorrent practices of racial dis-crimination and disenfranchisement. 
Fifty years after the passage of the Voting 
Rights Act, minorities across the country are fighting against state voter i.d. laws for the right to vote. Despite the Supreme Court’s er-roneous holding that ‘‘[o]ur country has changed,’’ and there is no longer a need for federal preclearance for changes in voting laws, minorities are facing increased barriers to the ballot box. 
While there have certainly been great 
progress, we still have a long way to go. In the 1960’s, our nation was marked by mo-ments of crises, war, poverty and mass social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MR8.005 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E341 March 17, 2015 
injustices. Fifty years later, our nation bears 
the same markings. We met the challenges then. It is time we rise to that challenge once more. Despite the current climate, when it ap-pears that we are fighting a lost cause, we must remember that it is our patriotic duty to continue to fight. We must fight to honor the legacy of those who fought for us. Not only is it our duty to vote—it is also our constitutional right: one that should be protected and re-stored by Congress. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MARIE PULLIN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of this one woman, Dr. Marie Pullin, who gave of herself in order for others to stand; and 
Whereas, her legacy of dedicated service to 
enrich the children and others in her commu-nity through her volunteerism, creative ability and unwavering advocacy for the youth, the elderly, the poor and the arts are present in DeKalb County, Georgia for all to see; and 
Whereas, this remarkable, positive woman 
with a beautiful smile gave of herself, her heart and her talent; never asking for fame or fortune but only to uplift, expose and inspire those in need; and 
Whereas, she led by example from behind 
the scenes, as well as front and center for the state of Georgia, DeKalb County and the City of Atlanta, multiple ministries, homeowner as-sociations, the Atlanta Edgewood-Kirkwood Neighborhood Center; and in her beloved church, Israel Baptist Church; and 
Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman 
was a mother, a wife, a daughter, a friend, a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great in-tegrity; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Dr. Marie Pullin for her leadership, friendship and 50 years of service to all of the citizens in Georgia and throughout the Nation; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., 
do hereby attest to the 114th Congress that Dr. Marie Pullin of DeKalb County, Georgia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Con-gressional Honor’’ Dr. Marie Pullin, U.S. Cit-izen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 14th day of March, 2015. IN RECOGNITION OF RUTH HYMAN 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Ms. Ruth Hyman as she is honored by the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group at their Ruth Hyman Spiritual Support in the Jewish Tradition Hospice Program Tree of Life Donor Wall Dedication. 
A lifelong resident of Long Branch, New Jer-
sey, Ruth Hyman continues her philanthropic endeavors to improve the well-being of New Jersey’s residents. As the recipient of a gen-erous donation by Ms. Hyman, the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group has named its hospice program’s special services for Ju-daic pastoral care in her honor. The Ruth Hyman Spiritual Support in the Jewish Tradi-tion program will continue to provide important spiritual and pastoral care and comfort to indi-viduals and their families. The Visiting Nurse Association Health Group’s mission to make the community a better place reflects Ms. Hyman’s passion for helping others. 
The largest non-profit visiting nurse associa-
tion in New Jersey, the Visiting Nurse Asso-ciation Health Group provides an invaluable service to our communities through compas-sionate home health care and support serv-ices. Its skilled health aides continue to meet the needs of over 120,000 individuals in the comfort and security of their homes each year. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
thanking Ruth Hyman and the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group for their immeas-urable contributions to our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MONSIGNOR 
JOHN BENDIK, RECIPIENT OF THE ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE GREATER PITTSTON FRIENDLY SONS OF SAINT PAT-RICK 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Monsignor John Bendik, who will receive the Achievement Award from the Greater Pittston Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. 
Monsignor Bendik was ordained on May 27, 
1967, by Bishop J. Carroll McCormick, after studying at St. Meinrad Seminary and School of Theology in Indiana. His first assignment was to St. Matthew’s Parish in East 
Stroudsburg. He taught at Notre Dame High School and served as Director of Campus Ministry at East Stroudsburg University. In 1970, he was assigned full-time to serve the University students where he developed an ecumenical and inter-faith United Campus Ministry. 
In 1981, Monsignor Bendik was assigned as 
Chaplain at Misericordia University in Dallas where he organized student, faculty, and staff programs to outreach to the needy. His first assignment as a pastor was in 1986 at the parish of Our Lady of the Snows in Clarks Summit. Today, Monsignor Bendik is the pas-tor of St. John the Evangelist in Pittston. 
In addition to serving as the current pastor 
for St. John’s, Monsignor Bendik is also on a variety of boards within the community. He is the Dean for the priests and deacons of North-ern Luzerne County. Monsignor Bendik and his parishioners also operate Care and Con-cern Ministries. Care and Concern provides the Greater Pittston Area with a free health clinic and a food pantry. 
It is an honor to recognize Monsignor 
Bendik for his many accomplishments. I com-mend him for his service to our local commu-nities throughout his career. I offer my deepest congratulation on receiving the Achievement Award from the Greater Pittston Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MINDY BOCKEWITZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Mindy Bockewitz for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.001 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E342 March 17, 2015 
As a member of the Nationwide Mutual In-
surance Co., Mindy created a program under-writing team that has grown to more than $17 million in premiums She sits as co-chair for the Education Leadership Initiative and has initiated a volunteer project at Nationwide for the company to donate catering and cafeteria leftovers to food pantries. In all aspects of her life Mindy is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Mindy in the United States 
Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud Mindy for utilizing her tal-ents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Mindy on receiving this esteemed designation, thank-ing those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. SAMUEL BARBER 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of this one man, Samuel Barber, Jr., who has given so much to our state and na-tion; and 
Whereas, Samuel Barber has been instru-
mental as a pioneer in the information tech-nology industry with his talents, his high stand-ards and innovating mind; and 
Whereas, this giant of a man accomplished 
so much during his lifetime; he served our country honorably in the U.S. Navy for eleven years and was honored with the National De-fense Service Medal; he was a successful en-trepreneur with multiple businesses and he was recognized as Honorary Consul General for the Embassy of Ghana; and 
Whereas, he was a strong community advo-
cate, a motivator, a mentor, and a friend to all; he was dedicated to God, his church, his fam-ily and his community; and 
Whereas, Samuel Barber was a husband, a 
father and a grandfather; he was our warrior, our patriarch, a man of great integrity who re-mained true to his childhood nurturing by his maternal grandparents in Alabama; and 
Whereas, Samuel Barber was an ambas-
sador of goodwill who will be truly missed; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia recognizes Samuel Barber as a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. 
‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby attest to the 
114th Congress that he is deemed worthy and deserving of this Congressional Honor by de-claring Mr. Samuel Barber, Jr. U.S. Citizen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 6th day of March, 2015. A TRIBUTE TO LYNDA RESCIA— 
28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my congressional district. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Lynda Rescia of Silver Lake, a unique neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. 
Lynda Rescia was born in Ludlow, Massa-
chusetts, and attended Ludlow High School. She went on to study Communications with a specialization in Film at Wayne State Univer-sity in Detroit, Michigan. When Lynda moved to Los Angeles, California, she worked for a few years in the film industry in editing, and then for a commercial house working on tele-vision commercials. 
In 1984, Lynda married Michael Miller, who 
is a freelance photographer, and had a son, Byron, in 1986. Ms. Rescia continued to work freelance on commercials until the birth of her daughter, Haviland, in 1988. Soon after, Lynda went back to school part time to complete a degree in Child Development, and graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts and received her teaching credential in 1994. 
Ms. Rescia has been passionate about edu-
cation for many years. She worked in the Pasadena Unified School District and did sub-stitute work for the Los Angeles Unified School District, before she was hired by Ivanhoe Elementary School as a kindergarten teacher in 1995. Since then, she has re-mained at Ivanhoe Elementary School spend-ing most of her years as a primary teacher, then as a coach/coordinator, and currently as Principal. Under her leadership, the school, which is well-known for its high level of parent involvement, was honored as a ‘‘California Distinguished School’’ in 2014, and has main-tained its glorious reputation for academic ex-cellence. In addition to dedicating herself to Ivanhoe Elementary School, Lynda has volun-teered with The Great Los Angeles River CleanUp. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Lynda Rescia. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO N UVISION FEDERAL 
CREDIT UNION 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, today I wish to recognize NuVision Federal Credit Union, a financial institution based in Orange County, California, for 80 years of outstanding service to their members and for their organization’s philanthropic sup-port of the communities in which they operate. I would also like to recognize Roger Ballard, who has provided exemplary leadership as Chief Executive Officer of NuVision Federal 
Credit Union since 2004. 
NuVision Federal Credit Union is one of 
Southern California’s leading credit unions with over $1.3 billion in assets and 87,000 members. Headquartered in Huntington Beach, California, NuVision Federal Credit Union was founded in 1935 to serve employ-ees of Douglas Aircraft Company. Additions to the NuVision family have resulted in a diverse group of sponsor companies in their field of membership in industries including aerospace, utilities, municipal, retail, automotive, housing, engineering, and healthcare. NuVision con-tinues to serve aerospace employees from Boeing, employees of Sempra Energy/The Gas Company, and employees of Tesoro. 
NuVision Federal Credit Union has been 
very active in giving back to the communities they serve. In fact, NuVision Federal Credit Union employees and members have donated over $75,000 since 2010 to support the Chil-dren’s Hospitals of Orange County and Los Angeles, and the Leukemia & Lymphoma So-ciety. The credit union also participates in nu-merous philanthropic activities every year such as adopting military families for the holidays, sponsoring toy drives in their branches for Toys for Tots, providing backpacks and school supplies for underprivileged children, and rais-ing money for the victims of natural disasters. 
As a not-for-profit financial cooperative, 
NuVision remains proudly owned by the mem-bers it serves. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the members and employees of NuVision Federal Credit Union for their strong history of success in the community, and I wish them the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JARAD BERNSTEIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Jarad Bernstein for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Jarad is the Director of Public Relations and 
Media Management at Drake University. Jarad previously worked in San Francisco in various public relations positions, however he found the community was not as enriching as he would have liked. He visited Des Moines, Iowa, and was welcomed by the Midwestern charm and the community involvement that he had been missing in San Francisco. Not to mention his future wife, Lilliana, was in the area as well. Since arriving, Jarad’s commu-nity service has flourished. He now serves as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.006 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E343 March 17, 2015 
the chairman for the Jewish Community Rela-
tions Commission, and has served as treas-urer of the Central Iowa chapter of the Public Relations Society of America. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Jarad in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud Jarad for utilizing his tal-ents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Jarad on receiving this esteemed designation, thank-ing those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FATHER HAROLD 
RAHM 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to rise today to recognize Jesuit Father Harold Rahm, whom holds a commendable record of service to the El Paso community. 
Father Rahm arrived in El Paso, Texas in 
July 1952 and served at Sacred Heart Parish until 1964. He was often seen traveling around the streets of South El Paso on his bicycle and was named, ‘‘the Bicycle Padre.’’ Father Rahm used this modest technique to reach out to the youth of the Segundo Barrio in ef-forts to deter them from joining youth gangs. 
During his fourteen years in El Paso, Father 
Rahm established organizations such as Our Lady’s Youth Center, the Guadalupe Employ-ment Office, the Guadalupe Way of Life Homes for young people and adults, and Camp Juan Diego for children who could not afford to go to summer camp. Father Rahm played an instrumental role in pacifying youth gang warfare in the 1950’s by encouraging teens to spend their time in the youth center and resolving their violence through safe inter-action and exercise. 
Father Rahm also established the Guada-
lupe Employment Office in 1953, the Guada-lupe Thrift Store in 1954, the Tepeyac Credit Union, and advocated for decent housing for South El Paso residents. 
In trying to reach people that were unable to 
attend mass, Father Rahm would often cele-brate mass in people’s backyards and take breakfast to the elderly on his bicycle. Be-cause of his devout actions, 5th Avenue was renamed Father Rahm Avenue in his honor. Father Rahm’s legacy lives on through in-spired El Pasoans that have carried on his work. 
I thank Father Rahm for being an honorable 
man of God to our community and to the world through his notable service. Father Rahm represents the ambition, dedication, perseverance and resilience that is so indic-ative of the many great El Pasoans I have the distinct privilege to represent. IN RECOGNITION OF MR. 
NICHOLAS J. IVANS 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I along with 
Mr. C OSTA rise today to honor the life and ac-
complishments of Nicholas J. Ivans, who passed away on February 15, 2015. 
Mr. Ivans was born in Hanford, California on 
February 17, 1924 to Peter Ivancovich and Danitza Ninkovich, immigrants from Boznia- Heregovina. He attended Hanford High and Visalia Junior College before he was drafted into the United States Armed Services during World War II. Mr. Ivans was a member of the H Company, 101st Regiment of the 26th Yan-kee Division and saw combat duty in France, Belgium, Luxemberg, Germany, Austria, and Czechoslavakia. 
After the war, Mr. Ivans returned to the 
United States and attended California State University, Fresno for his undergraduate de-gree and the University of Southern Califor-nia’s (USC) Pharmacy School for his graduate degree. While at USC, Mr. Ivans met Edna Logan. The two married in 1949 and would have three of their own children and five foster children. 
Mr. and Mrs. Ivans returned to the Central 
Valley after they received their Doctor of Phar-macy degrees. Not long after their return, Mr. Ivans purchased Tomer Drug Store in Avenal, California, launching his career as Avenal’s community pharmacist. 
Throughout his life, Mr. Ivans was a dedi-
cated member of his community. He was in-volved in the Avenal Rotary Club and the Avenal Chamber of Commerce, where he served multiple terms as President. He was responsible for several improvements and ad-ditions to Avenal, including house to house mail delivery in unincorporated communities, a lighting district in an area with no street lights, and a state prison. 
Mr. Ivans passed away just two days short 
of his 91st birthday on February 15, 2015. He touched the lives of many and will be dearly missed by his family, friends, and community. 
Mr. Speaker, we ask our colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join us in commemorating the life of Nicholas J. Ivans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. XERNONA 
CLAYTON 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, many years ago a virtuous 
woman of God accepted her calling to serve the citizens across our nation and the inter-national community; and 
Whereas, Ms. Xernona Clayton began her 
career in service working diligently to assist in the Civil Rights Movement alongside Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., she has served as the first Southern African American to host a daily prime time talk show, ‘‘The Xernona Clayton Show’’; she served as the Corporate Vice 
President for Urban Affairs at Turner Broad-casting; she is the President and CEO of the Trumpet Awards Foundation wherein she is the Creator and Executive Producer of the Trumpet Awards honoring individuals that give of themselves to make the world better; Ms. Clayton continues to assist individuals and families across the world through education and service; and 
Whereas, this phenomenal Proverbs 31 
woman has shared her time and talents, giv-ing the citizens of our district a friend to help those in need, a fearless leader and a servant to all wanting to ensure that the system works for everyone; and 
Whereas, Ms. Xernona Clayton is a corner-
stone in our community that has enhanced the lives of thousands for the betterment of our district and nation; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Ms. Xernona Clayton for her outstanding leadership and service to our district and to congratulate her for an exemplary life of leadership and service to all; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ 
JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim March 14, 
2015 as Ms. Xernona Clayton Day in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 14th day of March, 2015. 
f 
NO SUCH THING AS AN HONOR 
KILLING 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, right now, 
this very moment, a woman in Pakistan is hid-ing from her husband in a squat brick house. 
She is covered from head to toe, only show-
ing her eyes. 
She lives in constant fear, every second of 
the day. 
Why is she hiding? Because her husband is trying to kill her. An honor killing, it is deemed. 
And sadly she is not alone. Honor killings in Pakistan are a common 
practice. 
When it is believed a woman has brought 
dishonor to her family or gone against their will, she is murdered. 
But there is nothing honorable in hacking, 
beating or stoning a woman—a wife, a moth-er, a sister—to death. 
The existing laws do not protect women 
from this unthinkable crime, because the idea is supported by the local community. 
No woman should have to live in constant 
fear of the man she married, because Mr. Speaker, there is no such thing as an honor killing. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO KATHERINE 
BARTON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Katherine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.009 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E344 March 17, 2015 
Barton for being named a 2015 Forty Under 
40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
I would like to start by extending my grati-
tude to Katherine for her tour in Iraq and her service in the Iowa National Guard. Her lead-ership and selflessness to her country have continued in Iowa, with a focus on veterans. With her support, Iowa Workforce Develop-ment, the Iowa Economic Development Au-thority, the Iowa National Guard and other state organizations worked out the framework of the Home Base Iowa program, which helps veterans find jobs in Iowa. 
Katherine also impacts state policy as the 
Iowa National Guard’s government relations officer, which occasionally brings her to the halls of Congress. Katherine’s commitment to service, community and country is a prime ex-ample of service and Iowa work ethic that makes our state deeply proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Katherine in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud Katherine for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Kath-erine on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and suc-cessful career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KENSINGTON VIDEO 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, on 
February 28, 2015, a San Diego institution closed its doors. After more than 30 years in business the curtain came down on Ken-sington Video. 
Kensington Video premiered in 1984 with 
Winnie and Rich Hanford and their children, Guy and Pam, rolling out the red carpet for its customers. 
Since then, their video library has grown to 
an astounding 70,000 titles—perhaps one of the largest in the country. 
Among the stacks of VHS, Beta, and DVDs, 
you could find not only the latest blockbusters but also that rare, special-interest film or for-eign-language movie. 
Amazingly, they never computerized. They 
just knew where every film title was, like sea-soned shopkeepers familiar with their stock. 
If the movie you wanted was not in their li-
brary, they would track it down for you. 
It was that commitment to film and their cus-
tomers that had people coming from miles away to Kensington Video. Like a classic black and white movie, Ken-
sington Video had the feel of a classic Amer-ican small business. Customers came for the people behind the counter as much as they came for the films on the shelf. 
They came to rent a movie and also get the 
latest news and gossip of what was happening in the neighborhood. 
I was a proud member of Kensington Video 
and just as proud of my low membership num-ber—74. 
In 1948, mystery writer Raymond Chandler, 
who was also a Hollywood screenwriter, wrote: ‘‘Not only is the motion picture an art, but it is the one entirely new art that has been evolved on this planet for hundreds of years.’’ 
Kensington Video was the curator of that art 
for San Diego. 
I hope the House of Representatives will 
join me in recognizing and thanking Ken-sington Video for years of service to the neighborhood of Kensington and city of San Diego. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. HUGH R. 
WILLIAMS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of this one man . . . who has given of himself in order for others to stand; and 
Whereas, U.S. Air Force retired TSG. Hugh 
R. Williams III served our nation with honor and valor during his tours in Vietnam, Korea, Guam and Germany; and 
Whereas, Mr. Williams never asked for fame 
or fortune, nor found a job too small or too big; but gave of himself, his time, his talent and his life to uplift those in need by dem-onstrating unwavering commitment to pro-tecting and serving the citizens of the United States of America; and 
Whereas, he was a husband, a father, a 
son and a friend; he was also our warrior, a man of great integrity who remained true to the uplifting and service to our nation; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia recognizes Mr. Hugh R. Williams as a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. 
‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby attest to the 
114th Congress that Mr. Hugh R. Williams is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Con-gressional Honor’’ by declaring Mr. Hugh R. Williams III, U.S. Citizen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 2nd day of February, 2015. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KATHLEEN 
CRAMPSIE FOR RECEIVING THE 2015 PVIAA SHAMROCK AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Kathleen Crampsie. On March 17, 2015, Kathy will receive the Shamrock Award during the Panther Valley Irish Amer-
ican Association’s 67th Annual Banquet. Kathy is a well-known musician throughout the Pan-ther Valley. She uses her musical talent to bring joy to the people whether it is at church services, nursing homes, or public events. She also is a mentor of young men and women as-piring to musical careers. 
Kathy began her music career, in 1977 
when she volunteered her time to play guitar at her parish church, St. Joseph Catholic in Summit Hill. After joining, Kathy started the church’s guitar group, which became known as ‘‘Kathy’s Angels.’’ Mrs. Crampsie became an active and leading participant in the St. Jo-seph Catholic Church choir and its music pro-gram. She also started a children’s choir that has performed at area nursing homes around the holidays. The children’s choir even had the opportunity to sing the national anthem at a Philadelphia Phillies game. 
Kathy’s service to the community does not 
stop at music. She volunteers as a CCD for the Catholic community of the Panther Valley. As the secretary of the Summit Hill Lions Club, Kathy coordinates the organization’s eye glass program. In the past, she has coached cheerleading at Panther Valley High School, Our Lady of the Valley School, and for the Summit Hill Knee Hi Association. Kathy also coached girls softball for Summit Hill and volleyball for Our Lady of the Valley. 
Kathy has been married to Bob Crampsie 
for four decades, and the couple has raised four children and been blessed with eight grandchildren. 
I congratulate Mrs. Crampsie on receiving 
the Panther Valley Irish American Associa-tion’s Shamrock Award, and I commend her for all the selfless work she has done for her community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE FIFTIETH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE SELMA TO MONTGOMERY MARCH ON THE STEPS OF THE ALABAMA STATE CAPITOL, MONTGOMERY, ALA-BAMA 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-
lowing: 
REMARKS BY PEGGY WALLACE KENNEDY  
Montgomery, Alabama, a city that bears 
the scars of struggle and the nobility of change. A city that sits on the soil of shared sorrows for those that suffered and died for equality. A place of repose. Monuments of stone that connect us to each other. A place of hope and promise. A place to lay our grief down and shoulder the burden of moving be-yond the sunset of despair to the place we call home. 
All of us come to this moment and to this 
place on the road of our own life’s personal journey. We are diverse, both in our experi-ences and our aspirations and our dreams. But we are united in the common belief that a vision for a Just America is worth the sav-ing. 
Stepping away from a painful past has not 
always been easy, but it has always been right. None of us can be held responsible for the circumstances of our birth, but each one of us will be held responsible for who we have become. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.014 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E345 March 17, 2015 
When my son Burns was young, my hus-
band and I took him to the Martin Luther King Historic Site in Atlanta. As we moved through the exhibits we came across the pho-tographs of fire hoses in Birmingham, the 16th Street Baptist Church, Governor Wal-lace standing in the Schoolhouse Door and the Edmund Pettus Bridge. 
Burns stood still as the truth of his fam-
ily’s past washed over him. He turned to me and asked, ‘Why did Paw Paw’ do those things to other people? I realized that at that moment I was at a crossroad in my life and the life of my son. The mantle had passed, and it was now up to me to do for Burns what my father never did for me. It was the first step in my journey of building a legacy of my own. I knelt down beside my son, drew him close and said, ‘Paw Paw never told me why he did those things, but I know that he was wrong. So maybe it will just have to be up to me and you to help make things right.’ 
Standing here before you today is yet an-
other day for the fulfillment of the promise that I made to my son. For today and for all the tomorrows to come there are opportuni-ties for all of us to raise the call for justice in our lifetime. 
Montgomery, Alabama, Dexter Avenue and 
the State Capitol are enshrined in the annals of American history. A historic place for his-toric times. But for me, it is much more per-sonal, for it brings to mind the events that shaped my life. 
It was here that I attended four inaugura-
tions of my father and one of my mother. 
It was here that I heard my father say the 
words ‘‘segregation now, segregation tomor-row and segregation forever.’’ 
It was here that my father fought to sup-
port a culture of exclusion, riding on the wings of fear rather than seeking justice on the wings of eagles. 
It was here that my mother Governor 
Lurleen Wallace lay in state following her death at the age of 41 while thousands of Alabamians both white and African Amer-ican stood in line for hours to pay their last respects. 
It was here that my father met Vivian Ma-
lone for the second time and told her that she was an icon of the civil right movement. 
It was at the Dexter Avenue King Memo-
rial Church that my father went to ask for forgiveness for his racist past. A moment that could not rewrite his personal history but an opportunity brought about by my fa-ther’s own suffering that allowed him to see the hurt of history in the eyes of African American men and women who had been de-nied the right to live the American Dream. 
But on March the 25th of 1965, as Ralph 
Abernathy, Juanita Abernathy, Martin Lu-ther King and thousands more gathered in the shadow of this Capitol, there was never an opportunity to address their concerns or state their grievances to the one person who could have changed the course of American History then and there. For Governor Wal-lace watched through a window in the pri-vacy of his office, while others persevered and changed the history of America without him. 
Today, we must not allow others to make 
the right choices for us. We must have cour-age each day to stand up for equality and the rights of all Americans. We must lead by ex-ample and live our lives with inspiration, al-ways aspiring to make the choices that lead us to higher ground, that guides us to under-standing and purpose of not just who we are but who we can become. An opportunity for each of you, an obligation for all of us, to see others, feel others and celebrate others, re-specting their humanity for who they are. 
Working each day to inspire the nobility 
that lies in the heart of each of us, Martin Luther King taught that there is power in all 
of us to reach out, to support and stand firm in the belief that all of our lives count for something. There is no better time than now for Americans to hold hands, rather than holding down, the inherent rights of the common man. 
One can never measure the true worth of a 
mended heart that beats again because some-one cared. How many more anniversaries of the struggle for civil rights can we celebrate by looking over our shoulder rather than 
standing shoulder to shoulder to face the challenges that lay ahead? How can Ameri-cans reach for higher ground if we do not in-spire others with what we do? We cannot ex-pect the next generation of Americans to do something to change the world, if we aspire to do nothing to protect liberty and recog-nize our individual obligations to service. 
How can we teach future generations about 
positive social change if we see injustice and turn our backs? For injustice knows no death. It rises like a dark mist on the hori-zon, laying low in the hearts of those that are unwilling to accept the notion of uncon-ditional love. 
We must promise that when we say all men 
are created equal, it means something, pro-tects something and encourages us to em-brace the belief that the diversity among us has nothing to do with equality, but has ev-erything to do with strength. Tolerance must be more than what we believe, it must be what we live and leading by example is what we must do. Tolerance does not always mean agreement, but tolerance always re-quires understanding and compassion for others. 
Very few of us will have monuments built 
to honor us after we are gone, but ALL OF US can do monumental things each day to help America be better. Those moments in Selma yesterday will stand as a testament to all of our lives. For there is power in moving forward, there is joy in an unburdened heart and there is strength in stepping away from beneath the shadows of your lives. 
I sometimes wonder what my mother and 
father would think of their daughter that stands here today, and my mind’s eye re-turns to a wood framed house on Eufaula Street in Clayton, Alabama, when life was uncomplicated and happiness was something you lived not something you just hoped for. And my father would smile at me and say ‘‘little girl, you’re doing just fine, I sure am proud of you.’’ 
But for today, I am most thankful for the 
life and inspiration of Congressman John Lewis. 
Congressman Lewis, in March of 2009 you 
held my hand and walked with me across the Edmund Pettus Bridge; the very bridge where, as a young man, you were beaten by Alabama State Troopers. That walk with you helped me understand the power of for-giveness and gave me the courage to speak with my own voice. Since that time I have looked for an opportunity to return, in some small measure, the gift of love and under-standing you gave to me. 
Fifty years ago, you stood here in front of 
your State Capitol and sought an oppor-tunity as a citizen of Alabama to be recog-nized and heard by your Governor and he re-fused. But today, as his daughter and as a person of my own, I want to do for you what my father should have done and recognize you for your humanity and for your dignity as a child of God, as a person of goodwill and character and as a fellow Alabamian and say ‘‘Welcome Home.’’ 
TRIBUTE TO MS. DORIS WELLS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, Ms. Doris Wells’ service to 
DeKalb County can be seen in the programs instituted in the Public Library System in our district; and 
Whereas, her dedicated service touched the 
lives of many in our district from the moment she was hired as the first African American employee for the DeKalb County Library Sys-tem in 1974, she has innovated the service of the Wesley Chapel-William C. Brown Library by introducing programs such as the Kwanzaa Awareness Festival and the Jubilee of Read-ing Adult Book Club Conference; and 
Whereas, this remarkable, positive woman 
gave of herself, her time and her talent; edu-cating and assisting those in need; and 
Whereas, she led by example as the man-
ager of the Scott Candler Library and the Wesley Chapel-William C. Brown Library; she was dedicated to her family, community, her church Clifton United Methodist Church and her beloved Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.; and 
Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman 
was a mother, a daughter, a friend, a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great integrity; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Ms. Doris Wells for her leadership, friendship and service to all of the citizens in Georgia and throughout the Nation; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby at-
test to the 114th Congress that Ms. Doris Wells of DeKalb County, Georgia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’: Ms. Doris Wells, U.S. Citizen of Dis-tinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 4th day of March, 2015. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO NICK ACKERMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Nick Ack-erman for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Nick has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all that he does. At the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.018 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E346 March 17, 2015 
Prosthetics & Orthotics Inc., Nick works as a 
technician, where he is passionate in providing prosthetic limbs for those in need. Nick’s com-mitment to his work is evident in his philan-thropic activities. As a member of the Ampu-tee Golf Association he assists annually in a golf event to raise money for charity. Nick also organizes a Wounded Warrior softball game for veterans of our military. In all aspects of his life, Nick gives his full effort, it is that effort and dedication that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Nick in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Nick on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, on February 27, 
2015, I was unable to vote on roll call votes 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, and 105. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 129, ‘‘yea’’ on H. Res. 129, ‘‘yea’’ on the Motion to Re-quest a Conference on H.R. 240, ‘‘nay’’ on Approving the Journal, ‘‘yea’’ on H.J. Res. 35, and ‘‘nay’’ on a Motion to Instruct Conferees on H.R. 240. 
Mr. Speaker, on March 16, 2015, I was un-
able to vote on roll call votes 113, 114, and 115. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 647, ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 648, and ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 876. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. NANCY 
MCDARMENT 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Nancy McDarment on her retire-ment after 40 years of working for the Tule River Tribe and its members. 
Ms. McDarment was born on March 2, 1947 
to Joe Vera and Bonnie Kambick. She has been married to her husband, Willie McDarment, for over thirty years and is blessed with four children, eight grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren. 
Around 1968, Ms. McDarment began her 
service to the Tule River Tribe in a position with the Tule River Indian Health Center. In September 1974, she went on to work for the Tule River Tribal Council, where she would spend the rest of her career in a variety of dif-ferent positions. She began as a secretary for the Tule River Tribe, before going on to serve as the Contract and Grant Manager for many years with intermittent terms as both the Sec-retary of the Tule River Tribal Council and the Acting Tribal Administrator. After a final two year term as Secretary of 
the Council and forty years of service to the Tule River Tribe, Ms. McDarment is retiring. 
The Tule River Tribe has been extremely 
fortunate to have had someone as talented and dedicated as Ms. McDarment working on their behalf. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Nancy McDarment for her 40 years of dedicated service to the Tule River Tribe and congratulating her on her re-tirement. 
f 
LOUISIANA NATIONAL 
GUARDSMEN REMEMBERED 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to remember the lives and service of eleven Guardsmen and Marines who were lost to us on March 10, 2015, when their UH– 60M Black Hawk helicopter crashed off the coast of Florida during a training exercise. 
The lives of these brave service personnel, 
who perished while serving our country, are remembered by my colleagues Congressman W
ALTER JONES of North Carolina and the 
North Carolina delegation, the state which is home to those Marines who trained at Camp Lejeune, and Congressman J
EFF MILLER of 
Florida and the Florida delegation, the location of the sad incident. 
I am joined by the Louisiana delegation on 
the House floor today to share with our col-leagues the memory of our Louisiana Guards-men, to stand silently in a moment of prayer, and to state for the record the poignant words of Louisiana Adjutant General, Major General Glenn Curtis, who eloquently memorialized the honorable service of our Louisiana Guards-men in his March 16, 2015, statement, which is submitted for the R
ECORD herein: 
Four Louisiana National Guardsmen from 
the 1st Assault Helicopter Battalion, 244th Aviation Regiment who died in a training ac-cident, March 10, have been identified. 
Chief Warrant Officer 4 George Wayne Grif-
fin Jr, 37; Chief Warrant Officer 4 George David Strother, 44; Staff Sgt. Lance Bergeron, 40; and Staff Sgt. Thomas Florich, 26; died when a UH–60M Black Hawk they were riding on crashed into the Santa Rosa Sound, Florida. 
‘‘These Guardsmen represent the best of 
us,’’ said Maj. Gen. Glenn H. Curtis, the adju-tant general of the Louisiana National Guard. ‘‘These are brave men, true men. These Heroes’ names will forever be etched on our hearts and in our minds.’’ 
Griffin, of Delhi, joined the Louisiana Na-
tional Guard in 1994. He deployed to Iraq in 2004–2005 and again in 2008–2009. He also served during state deployments during Hur-ricanes Katrina, Rita and Isaac as well as in support of Operations River Guardian and Deepwater Horizon. 
Griffin commissioned as a warrant officer 
in 1999 before going on to become the bat-talion standardization pilot with over 6,000 flight hours, including more than 1,000 com-bat hours. 
‘‘G Wayne Griffin was born to be an Army 
Aviator,’’ said Chief Warrant Officer 5 Reggie Lane, commander of Detachment 38, Oper-ational Support Airlift Command. ‘‘As one of the most talented and respected Warrant Of-
ficers in the Louisiana National Guard, he had a tremendous passion for flying, and a God-given natural ability to fly both heli-copters and airplanes and to teach others to be the best aviators and crewmembers that they could be. 
‘‘He was a great friend and brother to all. 
With his loss, there will be a void that may never be filled.’’ 
Griffin is survived by his wife, four chil-
dren and father. 
Strother, of Alexandria, served in the Lou-
isiana National Guard from 1988–2007, and again from 2009 until his death. He deployed to Iraq in 2004–2005, Afghanistan in 2011 and 
Kosovo in 2014. He also served during state deployments for Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Isaac. 
Strother commissioned as a warrant offi-
cer in 1994 before going on to become an in-structor pilot with over 2,400 flight hours, in-cluding more than 700 combat hours. 
‘‘To describe Dave Strother as a big per-
sonality would not be accurate. He was more like a force of nature that could best be ob-served and marveled at, never opposed or al-tered,’’ said Maj. Andre Jeansonne, com-mander, F Co., 2nd Battalion, 135th Aviation Regiment. ‘‘His huge heart touched the lives of all he met.’’ 
Strother is survived by his wife, son and 
step-daughter, and mother. 
Bergeron, of Thibodaux, enlisted into the 
U.S. Marine Corps in 1998 before joining the LANG in 2001 as a Black Hawk repairer. His extensive experience as a qualified enlisted flight instructor, graduate of the aircraft crewmember standardization instructor course, aircraft maintainer course, and war-rior leader course made Bergeron a crew chief others aspired to be, according to mem-bers of his unit. 
The combat veteran deployed to Iraq 
twice, in 2004–2005 and 2008–2009. Bergeron also served during state deployments for Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Isaac and Oper-ation River Guardian. 
According to Sgt. 1st Class Brian Marquez, 
platoon sergeant, A Co., 1–244th AHB, Bergeron was one of the most qualified crew chiefs in the Guard, with more than 1,300 flight hours, including 377 combat hours. 
‘‘Lance was one of the most dedicated crew 
chiefs that I have ever had the pleasure of serving with during my leadership,’’ Marquez said. ‘‘As the senior most standardization crew chief instructor in the Battalion, he was a subject matter expert in his job who exhibited an excitement of learning new skills and educating new unit members on the UH–60 aircraft, pilots and crew chiefs alike. 
‘‘Lance was a very family oriented father 
and husband, and he impacted many in the ranks. He will be greatly missed.’’ 
Bergeron is survived by his wife, two chil-
dren and his parents. 
Staff Sgt. Thomas Florich, of Fairfax 
County, Virginia, enlisted in the LANG in 2007 as a Black Hawk repairer. He was post-humously promoted from sergeant to staff sergeant. 
Florich served during state deployments 
for Operation Deepwater Horizon and Hurri-cane Isaac. He earned more than 125 flight hours and was a graduate of the warrior lead-er course. 
‘‘Tom was full of life, and his personality 
could light the room,’’ said Marquez. ‘‘He was ‘family’ with unit members and felt at home working with his brothers in Alpha Company. His dedication to duty and loyalty was without equal, always ready to accept any mission and extra duty in order to help the unit meet the mission. He will be greatly missed by the unit and the flight facility.’’ 
Florich is survived by his wife, father and 
stepmother. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.020 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E347 March 17, 2015 
‘‘These are not ordinary men. They were 
extraordinary people, as well as amazing avi-ators and crew chiefs,’’ said Lt. Col. John L. Bonnette II, commander of the 1–244th. When I say they were heroes, I mean it many times over. They risked their lives under difficult conditions flying in combat, and during na-tional emergencies, to ensure our security and help save thousands of people. I don’t have the words to sum up their lives in a few sentences. You just can’t. 
‘‘Our whole aviation family is reeling from 
this loss, the hole that is left is enormous. They were part of the fabric of this unit, the difference they made with everyone they served with will be a lasting legacy. Person-ally flying with all of them was a privilege and honor—I am a better person for having known them.’’ 
These aviators had a camaraderie that was 
second to none in the military. 
‘‘This crew was made up of larger-than-life 
men who had a passion for Army Aviation that was so evident in the dedication that they had towards their profession,’’ said Col. Patrick R. Bossetta, commander of the State Aviation Command. I know this as I have personally flown with each one of them. They were driven by their intense desire to selflessly serve their country, fellow Soldiers and Marines. 
‘‘Whether flying in combat or during na-
tional emergencies, this crew arose everyday with a fever to serve and keep safe the citi-zens of this great Nation. While their fami-lies and our aviation community are heart-broken and immensely suffering over their tragic loss, these heroic men would want us to catch their fever to honorably serve the citizens of this Nation and continue to grow.’’ 
‘‘These brave men died doing something 
they loved. May we all be so lucky, and may they always fly high,’’ said Curtis. 
The Louisiana Army National Guard was 
participating in a routine night-time train-ing exercise with the Marine 2nd Special Op-erations Battalion. The Black Hawk car-rying the four aircrew and seven Marines crashed into the Santa Rosa Sound in Navarre, Florida, March 10. 
Griffin’s awards and decorations include 
the Meritorious Service Medal, Air Medal (2nd Award), Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal (6th Award), National Defense Service Medal with Bronze Service Star, Iraq Campaign Medal with two Cam-paign Stars, Global War on Terrorism Expe-ditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal (2nd Award), Armed Forces Reserve Medal with Silver Hour Glass and M Device, Noncommissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Rib-bon (2nd Award), Army Reserve Component Overseas Training Ribbon (4th Award), Lou-isiana War Cross (2nd Award), Louisiana Emergency Service Medal (3rd Award), Lou-isiana General Excellence Ribbon and Lou-isiana Longevity Ribbon. He had earned the Combat Action Badge, Senior Army Aviator Badge and Basic Aviation Badge. 
Strother’s awards and decorations include 
the Air Medal (3rd Award), Army Commenda-tion Medal (3rd Award), Army Reserve Com-ponent Achievement Medal (7th Award), Na-tional Defense Service Medal with Bronze Service Star, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Campaign Star, Iraq Campaign Medal, Glob-al War on Terrorism Service Medal, Humani-tarian Service Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal with Silver Hourglass and M Device, Noncommissioned Officer Professional De-velopment Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon (3rd Award), NATO Medal, Louisiana War Cross (3rd Award), Louisiana Cold War Victory Ribbon, Lou-
isiana Emergency Service Medal (3rd Award), Louisiana General Excellence Rib-bon and Louisiana Longevity Ribbon (4th Award). He had earned the Combat Action Badge and Master Aviator Badge. 
Bergeron’s awards include the Meritorious 
Service Medal, Air Medal, Army Commenda-tion Medal (3rd Award), Army Good Conduct Medal, Army Reserve Components Achieve-ment Medal (3rd Award), National Defense Service Medal with Bronze Service Star, Iraq Campaign Medal with 2 Campaign Stars, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, Human-itarian Service Medal (2nd Award), Armed Forces Reserve Medal with Bronze Hour Glass and M Device, Noncommissioned Offi-cer Professional Development Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon (2nd Award), Army Reserve Components Overseas Training Ribbon, Sea Service De-ployment Ribbon (Navy), Louisiana War Cross (2nd Award), Louisiana Emergency Service Medal (3rd Award), Louisiana Gen-eral Excellence Ribbon (3rd Award) and Lou-isiana Longevity Ribbon (2nd Award). He had also earned the Combat Action Badge and Senior Aviation Badge. 
Florich’s awards include the Army 
Achievement Medal, Army Reserve Compo-nents Achievement Medal (2nd Award), Na-tional Defense Service Medal, Noncommis-sioned Officer Professional Development Rib-bon, Army Service Ribbon, Army Reserve Components Overseas Training Ribbon, Coast Guard Special Operations Service Rib-bon, Louisiana Emergency Service Ribbon 
(2nd Award), Louisiana General Excellence Ribbon and Louisiana Longevity Ribbon. He had also earned the Basic Aviation Badge. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WHITE’S CHAPEL 
UNITED METHODIST 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, White’s Chapel United Methodist 
Church has been and continues to be a bea-con of light to our district for the past one hun-dred forty-five years; and 
Whereas, Pastor Lillian Owens and the 
members of the White’s Chapel United Meth-odist Church family today continues to uplift and inspire those in our district; and 
Whereas, the White’s Chapel United Meth-
odist Church family has been and continues to be a place where citizens are touched spir-itually, mentally and physically through out-reach ministries and community partnership to aid in building up our district; and 
Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious 
Church of God has given hope to the hope-less, fed the needy and empowered our com-munity for the past one hundred forty-five (145) years, being organized in 1870 after Captain White donated two acres of land to a small group of former slaves in order for them to continue to worship together as a congrega-tion; and 
Whereas, White’s Chapel has produced 
many spiritual warriors, people of compassion, people of great courage, fearless leaders and servants to all, but most of all visionaries who have shared not only with their Church, but with Rockdale County their passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize the White’s Chap-el United Methodist Church family for their leadership and service to our District on this the 145th Anniversary of their founding; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do 
hereby proclaim March 1, 2015 as White’s Chapel United Methodist Church Day in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 1st day of March, 2015. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ANNETTE ADAMS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Annette Adams for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Annette Adams currently works for Nation-
wide Mutual Insurance Co., and she has cer-tainly left her mark. She has founded Women Aiming for Success in 2012, to create a pas-sion for women to aspire to leadership roles. She has served as a Greater Des Moines Partnership Diversity Council member, as well as, serving as a mentor for Nationwide’s Emerging Leaders Program. Annette is a lead-er and an example of the hard work and serv-ice that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Annette in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud Annette for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating An-nette on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and suc-cessful career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE OCEAN CHAPTER OF DRIFTERS, INC. 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize the Ocean Chapter of Drifters, Inc. as its members gather to commemorate its 40th anniversary at a luncheon on March 14, 2015. This milestone and its commitment to service is truly deserving of this body’s rec-ognition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.023 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E348 March 17, 2015 
Sponsored by the Montclair Chapter, the 
Ocean Chapter of Drifters, Inc. was founded by Marilyn Joyce of Morganville, New Jersey, who was also one of the eight charter mem-bers. Forty years later, there are thirteen members of the Ocean Chapter, including four of the charter members, Ms. Joyce, Marjorie Clark, Mary Inge and Yvonne Russell. 
Since its inception, the Ocean Chapter of 
Drifters, Inc. has provided opportunities for women to engage in charitable and civic in-volvement to enrich the lives of others. In this endeavor, its members work closely with var-ious agencies, organizations and individuals such as Meridian Health, the Special Olym-pics, Monmouth University and I.C.C.C. Mon-mouth County Head Start. The Ocean Chapter of Drifters, Inc. also aims to improve the well- being of seniors and promote opportunities for youth, through special programs and scholar-ships for graduating high school seniors. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
congratulating the Ocean Chapter of Drifters, Inc. on its 40th anniversary and thanking its members for their dedication to volunteerism and community involvement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD FISHER ON 
HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF DALLAS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pleasure to recognize Mr. Richard Fisher of Dallas, Texas. 
Mr. Fisher has served as president and 
CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas since 2005. He will be retiring this month after ten years of tireless service. During his tenure, Mr. Fisher aimed to create sensible solutions to the economic problems of Dallas residents. 
Molded from humble beginnings, Richard 
Fisher is no stranger to hard work. He is a first generation American, who persevered to earn an economics degree from Harvard University and an MBA from Stanford University. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Fisher has built 
quite an impressive resume. He began his ca-reer on Wall Street working at investment bank, Brown Brothers Harriman & Co in 1975. He specialized in fixed income and foreign ex-change markets. From there, he went on to become an assistant to the secretary of Treas-ury during the Carter Administration. He later returned to Brown Brothers to found their Texas operations, which was based in the city of Dallas. 
He later returned to public service as a trail-
blazer for expanded trade agreements. From 1997 to 2011, Richard Fisher served as dep-uty trade representative where he oversaw the implementation of NAFTA and various trade agreements of Vietnam, Korea, Japan, Chile and Singapore. He was a senior negotiator for the bilateral accords for China’s and Taiwan’s accession to the World Trade Organization. 
More than forty years ago, Richard Fisher 
married the love of his life, Nancy Collins, the daughter of the late U.S. Congressman Jim Collins. They are the parents to three children. In the future, Mr. Fisher hopes to someday re- enter the financial world in the hopes of 
spreading financial literacy throughout South Dallas. 
Mr. Speaker, Richard Fisher is truly a phe-
nomenal leader. A man fueled by dedication and committed to public service, Mr. Fisher has set the bar high for his successor. He is the 2006 recipient of the Service to Democ-racy Award and the Dwight D. Eisenhower Medal for Public Service from the American Assembly. He was inducted into the Dallas Business Hall of Fame in 2009 and received the Woodrow Wilson Award for Public Service in 2014. I stand today to honor Mr. Richard Fisher and to thank him for his work in service to the people of Dallas and to everyone within and beyond our borders who benefit from his economic vision and exemplary public service. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ASHLEY 
DANIELSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Ashley Danielson for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honour based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honourees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Ashley has the determination and drive to 
be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with the Trilix Marketing Group is a testament to that. As a project manager with Trilix, Ashley is passionate about going the extra mile for her clients. Ash-ley is active and passionate about serving or-ganizations that help children and animals, and was also a member of this year’s Greater Des Moines Leadership Institute class. In all aspects of her life, Ashley is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Ashley in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Ashley on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. TRIBUTE TO REV. DR. GEORGE 
MOORE 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of this one man, Rev. Dr. George W. Moore who has given so much of himself in order for others to stand; and 
Whereas, his work is present across our na-
tion for all to see; the retired pastor of Saint Philip AME Church in DeKalb County, Geor-gia, who was instrumental in spreading the gospel and enriching the lives of many in the Atlanta area and beyond; and 
Whereas, this giant of a man accomplished 
so much during his time on earth; he was a Master Pastor, a business owner, a commu-nity advocate and a friend to all; and 
Whereas, he gave of himself, his time, his 
talent and his life to uplift those in need never expecting fame or fortune; his calling was to be a motivator and to inspire others through-out the community by spreading the gospel and leading by example; and 
Whereas, Rev. Dr. George W. Moore led by 
doing both behind the scenes and on the front lines; he was an ambassador of goodwill who will be truly missed; and 
Whereas, Rev. Dr. George W. Moore was a 
husband, a father, a grandfather, and a friend; he was our warrior, our patriarch, a man of great integrity who remained true to his divine mission until his end; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia recognizes Rev. Dr. George W. Moore as a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby at-
test to the 114th Congress that he is deemed worthy and deserving of this Congressional Honor by declaring Rev. Dr. George W. Moore, U.S. Citizen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 13th day of February, 2015. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THOMAS J. 
REILLY, SR., THE GREATER PITTSON FRIENDLY SONS OF ST. PATRICK MAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Thomas J. Reilly, Sr., who will be named Man of the Year by the Greater Pittston, Pennsylvania Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. 
Mr. Reilly is chairman of Reilly Associates, 
an engineering firm that operates in Pennsyl-vania and New York. With more than 50 years of experience, Reilly has built a reputation as a leader in civil engineering. Early in his ca-reer, he worked on stabilizing large dams for the Pennsylvania Gas and Water Company. When Hurricane Agnes hit in 1972, Reilly worked to restore infrastructure and rebuild roads throughout Pennsylvania’s Wyoming Valley. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.026 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E349 March 17, 2015 
In the 1980s and 1990s, Mr. Reilly replaced 
highway bridges, designed the six mile-long Casey Highway, and constructed a new wastewater treatment plant serving the Wyo-ming Valley that processes 50 million gallons of wastewater a day. Mr. Reilly’s work in re-cent years includes a flood control system in the Keyser Valley and Green Ridge sections of Scranton; infrastructure for the Center Point Commerce and Trade Park; improved water quality through the separation of storm and sanitary sewer lines in West Pittston and Pittston; and plans for the revitalization of Pittston’s Main Street. 
Mr. Reilly is a parishioner of St. John the 
Evangelist and serves on the Church’s finance council. He has volunteered his expertise on many of his parish’s construction projects. He is also a member of the Knights of Columbus. Reilly previously served as the president of the Greater Pittston Chamber of Commerce and the Pittston Kiwanis Club, and as a trust-ee of his alma mater, Scranton Preparatory School. 
It is a distinct privilege to honor Thomas 
Reilly on receiving the Greater Pittston Friend-ly Sons Man of the Year Award, and I com-mend him on his lifetime of public and com-munity service. 
f 
U.S. MUST DO EVERYTHING TO 
CONTAIN RADICAL ISLAM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it was a 
cold winter morning in Paris just before lunch-time. Two masked men armed with AK–47s approached a woman standing outside the door of the Charlie Hebdo office, forcing her to let them inside. Once inside the doors, they gunned down the security guard in the lobby and ran up to the second floor shouting, ‘‘Where is Charb? Where is Charb?’’ Charb was the nickname for the newspaper’s editor, Mr. Charbonnier. After reaching their target, they executed him and 10 others. They exited the building shouting, ‘‘Allah Akbar’’ or ‘‘God is the Greatest.’’ 
They killed a police officer outside, fled the 
scene and continued to yell: ‘‘We have re-venged the Prophet Muhammad!’’ before get-ting in their car and speeding away. Over the next two days, the French government con-ducted a massive manhunt for the two masked gunmen. The brothers were on the run for two days until January 9th when police cornered them in a standoff near the Paris’ airport where they held one hostage. Later that day, police rescued the hostage and the terrorists were killed, going out just like they wanted in a massive firefight as ‘‘martyrs’’. 
The two men responsible for the initial at-
tack were Cherif and Said Kouachi, brothers with a long history of terrorist connections. A decade ago, Cherif and Said were involved in a Paris jihadi outfit that worked to send French Muslim men to Iraq to fight Americans. 
Cherif tried to go to Iraq but never made it 
because French law enforcement arrested him before he could leave the country. 
In his trial, Cherif said he dreamed of at-
tacking Jewish targets in France before decid-ing to try to fight in Iraq. Having already spent 3 years in pre-trial detention, Cherif was re-
leased. While in detention, Cherif befriended Djamel Beghal, a French-Algerian champion of jihad who was jailed in 2001 for planning an attack on the American Embassy in Paris. Cherif was also connected to a 2010 plot to break out an Algerian Islamist from prison who was in jail for being connected with a 1995 wave of bombings in the Paris Me ´tro and on 
regional trains. 
Perhaps the most dangerous friend the 
Kouachi brothers made along the way was the late Anwar al-Awlaki—the American born lead-er of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula. It has now been confirmed that Kouachi met with al- Awklaki in 2011 and that al-Awlaki financed the attack that was apparently in the works years ago. 
Hours before he met his maker, one of the 
Kouachi brothers, called in to a French TV station to brag about his terrorist connections: ‘‘We are just telling you that we are the de-fenders of the prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, and that I, Cherif Kouachi, was sent by al-Qaida in Yemen. . . . And that I went there and that it’s imam Al-Awlaki that fi-nanced me.’’ Al-Qaida in the Arabian Penin-sula, or AQAP, has also claimed responsibility for the attack. 
We have heard this story before. Young, 
vulnerable people across the globe are re-cruited to travel overseas where they are be-friended and brainwashed by radical Islamic jihadists who preach hate and murder. Their terrorist mentors indoctrinate and infect them with the cancer of radical Islam and send them back to their home country to inflict ter-ror and kill. The seeds of violent extremism are planted all over the world and the attacks come whether it is days (or in this case years) later. 
Lately, we have seen this in America where 
terrorist groups like the Islamic State (ISIS) have targeted and recruited disillusioned young people primarily through the Internet and social media. This is one of the most overlooked weak spots in our national security today. 
American passport holders who travel over-
seas to fight with the Islamic State are not going to come back to open coffee shops; they are coming back to kill. We cannot let them come back at all. That is why I have re-introduced the FTO Passport Revocation Act. 
This legislation would authorize the revoca-
tion or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with foreign terrorist or-ganizations. 
The Benedict Arnold traitors who have 
turned against America and joined the ranks of foreign radical terrorist armies should lose all rights afforded to our citizens. 
This bill will help law enforcement locate 
these individuals by preventing them from traveling internationally so that they can be captured and brought to justice. 
Most important, this legislation will prevent 
turned Americans from entering the United States under the radar and undetected. As we saw in France, sleeper cells that are well-fi-nanced by groups in the Middle East have a longstanding order to attack whenever the time is right. We need to act before, not after, they come back to the United States. 
The French prime minister said it best: 
‘‘We’re fighting a war, not a war against a reli-gion, not a war of civilizations, but to defend our values, which are universal. It’s a war against terrorism and radical Islamism, against 
everything that aims to shatter solidarity, lib-erty, brotherhood.’’ 
The Paris attacks are a reminder that the 
cancer of radical Islam stretches far beyond the borders of the Middle East. The United States must do everything in its power to con-tain it outside our borders before the fight once again comes to us. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BRAD DUFFY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Brad Duffy for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Brad has the determination and drive to be 
successful in anything he does, and his exem-plary work with Per Mar Security Services is a testament to that. As President of Security Of-ficer Services, Brad is passionate about hard work and dedication, and is active within vol-unteer organizations in the community. He specifically volunteers with the Greater Des Moines Committee and Youth Home of Mid- America. Along with his wife, Alison, they vol-unteer their time to InnerVisions Healthcare; a West Des Moines based non-profit organiza-tion. In all aspects of his life, Brad is an exam-ple of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Brad in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud Brad for utilizing his tal-ents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Brad on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAYOR 
MICHAEL B. RYAN 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
congratulate the Honorable Michael B. Ryan on his retirement as Mayor of Lake Como, New Jersey. As a mayor, union member and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.030 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E350 March 17, 2015 
United States Army Veteran, Mayor Ryan em-
bodies the American spirit and his contribu-tions are truly deserving of this body’s recogni-tion. 
Mayor Ryan has been an outstanding public 
servant and labor advocate for both New Jer-sey and his home state of California. Mayor Ryan’s introduction to labor and politics began in his native California, but he continued his efforts upon moving to New Jersey after marrying his wife, Marlene Brown. Mayor Ryan dedicated many years to leading his community as a council member, council president and mayor. Although retiring from elected office, Mayor Ryan remains active in local and state politics. For nearly 20 years, he has been Democratic Municipal Chairman of South Belmar and Lake Como. He has also been elected to the New Jersey State Demo-cratic Committee and previously served as President of the south Belmar Democratic Club. Mayor Ryan is also committed to pro-tecting labor rights, currently serving as Sec-retary Treasurer of the Monmouth and Ocean Counties Central Labor Council AFL–CIO and as a member of Teamsters-GCIU 612M. 
In addition to his work in the public and 
labor sectors, Mayor Ryan is an Account Rep-resentative at Dimensional Management Cor-poration and is an active member of the com-munity, volunteering at Camp Zehnder YMCA, serving as an usher at St. Rose Church and as a member of the Friendly Sons of the Shil-lelagh of the Jersey Shore and the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
congratulating Mayor Michael Ryan on his re-tirement. It is my hope that my colleagues will join me in thanking him for his leadership and service to the Borough of Lake Como. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. JULIA SNELL 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of this one woman who has given of herself to her family, church, community, and nation; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Julia Ann Holt Wilson Snell’s 
good works are present across our nation, as an exemplary wife, aunt, neighbor, community worker, business owner and friend; and 
Whereas, this giant of a woman, was reared 
in Buena Vista, Alabama, born July 1, 1907, to the late Mr. Daniel and Mrs. Irene Holt; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Julia Ann Holt Wilson Snell 
was a virtuous woman, a woman of great in-tegrity who remained true to the uplifting of her community and family which in turn up-lifted others; and 
Whereas, she was an exemplary matriarch, 
serving as a compass and wise counselor while bringing great joy to our district, her fam-ily and friends; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Julia Aim Holt Wilson Snell 
loved her family, encouraged all of those around her to make a difference in her 107 years and blessed the lives of many in the states of Alabama, California, the Fourth Con-gressional District of Georgia and in her be-loved church, Beulah Missionary Baptist Church where she was a faithful member; and Whereas, this remarkable woman gave of 
herself, never asking for fame or fortune as she became a quiet storm, a spark that starts a flame; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional Recognition on Mrs. Julia Ann Holt Wilson Snell for her lead-ership, friendship and service to all of the citi-zens across the United States; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby 
attest to the 114th Congress that Mrs. Julia Ann Holt Wilson Snell, of DeKalb County, Georgia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Recognition,’’ Mrs. Julia Ann Holt Wilson Snell, U.S. Citizen of Distinc-tion. 
Proclaimed, this 31st day of January, 2015. 
f 
HONORING THE WORK OF THE 
TOGETHER CENTER 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Together Center in Redmond, Wash-ington. This month, they will be celebrating their 25th anniversary. 
For the past quarter-century, Together Cen-
ter has worked as a coalition of several agen-cies, providing services and resources such as shelter, counseling, child care, mental health services, and medical and dental care. To-gether Center has an incredible impact on the lives of more than 40,000 individuals in East King County every year. 
Together Center has become an integral 
part of the community, supporting individuals and other organizations by connecting them in a convenient and efficient manner. Individuals may address a variety of needs on one of To-gether Center’s three campuses, which con-veniently house 20 agencies. 
I greatly appreciate the work Together Cen-
ter does to lower the barriers to getting critical help that many people need, such as medical care or temporary shelter. 
I want to thank Together Center for their 
steadfast commitment to our local community, and congratulate them on their impressive record of achievement since 1990. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINA 
FERNANDEZ-MORROW 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Christina Fernandez-Morrow for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-
ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Christina has the determination and drive to 
be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with the Latina Leadership Ini-tiative of Greater Des Moines is a testament to that. As executive director she uses her abili-ties to communicate with people from different cultures to advance both women and the Latino community. She dedicates her time to numerous organizations that elevate and ad-vance the Latino community, especially as one of the founding board members of the Latino Heritage Festival. In all aspects of her life Christina is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Christina in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud Christina for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Christina on receiving this esteemed designa-tion, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and suc-cessful career. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,428,120,668.55. We’ve 
added $7,525,551,071,755.47 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. JOHN F. 
CALLAHAN, RECIPIENT OF THE SWINGLE AWARD FROM THE GREATER PITTSTON FRIENDLY SONS OF ST. PATRICK 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Dr. John F. Callahan, who will receive the 2015 Swingle Award from the Greater Pittston, Pennsylvania Friendly Sons of Saint Patrick. 
A native of Pittston, Dr. Callahan is a son of 
the late John A. Callahan and Catherine McNulty. He attended Scranton Prep High School and graduated from The University of Scranton. Before practicing medicine, Dr. Cal-lahan was a school teacher, and he continued to teach medical students after becoming a doctor. Upon graduating from the Pennsyl-vania College of Osteopathic Medicine, Dr. Callahan operated a family practice in Pittston 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.033 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E351 March 17, 2015 
and worked as an emergency room physician 
at the Pittston Hospital and Geisinger Wyo-ming Valley Medical Center. 
Dr. Callahan was instrumental in estab-
lishing the Care and Concern Free Clinic in Pittston. The clinic provides medical services to those who are underinsured or without in-surance. In addition to medical care, the clinic offers dental care, psychiatric counseling, chil-dren’s clothing and toys, and food. 
Dr. Callahan was president of the Pennsyl-
vania Osteopathic Medical Association (POMA) from 1998 to 1999. In 2000, he was named Physician of the Year by POMA. He also served on the POMA board for eight years. Dr. Callahan has acquired several other awards and recognitions from varying organi-zations throughout his career. 
It is an honor to recognize Dr. John Cal-
lahan for his many accomplishments. I com-mend him for his service to our community, and I offer my deepest congratulation on re-ceiving the Swingle Award from the Greater Pittston Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DREW BUHROW 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Drew Buhrow for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Drew is Assistant Director of IT at Principal 
Financial Group, managing a multimillion-dol-lar budget and more than 40 information tech-nology professionals. His career is demanding, but Drew looks to give back to his community at every opportunity. Drew is a volunteer lead-er at the St. John the Apostle Parish in Nor-walk. He also volunteers for the IT Leadership Forum Charity Open, which raises money for college scholarships for qualifying students. Drew spends any additional free time following sports and he actively directs the Norwalk Twin Rivers baseball program. Drew’s leader-ship skills and deep commitment to his com-munity makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Drew in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Drew on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty 
Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. EDWARD L. 
KEYTON 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, Minister Edward L. Keyton is cele-
brating thirty-four (34) years in ministry this year and has provided stellar leadership to his church on an international level; and 
Whereas, Minister Edward L. Keyton, under 
the guidance of God has pioneered and sus-tained the Church of Christ at Bouldercrest as Senior Evangelist, he has enhanced the church as an instrument in our community that uplifts the spiritual, physical and mental wel-fare of our citizens; and 
Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious 
man of God has given hope to the hopeless, fed the hungry and is a beacon of light to those in need; and 
Whereas, Minister Edward L. Keyton is a 
spiritual warrior, a man of compassion, a fear-less leader and a servant to all, but most of all a visionary who has shared not only with his church, but with our district and the world his passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Minister Edward L. Keyton as he celebrates thirty-four years in ministry and to salute him as he retires from ministerial leadership; A true Man of Excel-lence; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ 
JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim April 17, 
2015 as Minister Edward L. Keyton Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 17th day of March, 2015. 
f 
HONORING NOAH COUGHLAN’S RUN 
4 RARE 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I, along with 
Rare Disease Caucus Co-Chairs Congress-man L
EONARD LANCE and Congressman J O-
SEPH CROWLEY , and Rare Disease Caucus 
Members Congresswoman D ORIS MATSUI and 
Congressman G USBILIRAKIS , submit the fol-
lowing Resolution: 
Whereas, rare diseases affect nearly 
30,000,000 people in the United States and 350 million people worldwide, and therefore touch every State and Congressional district in America; 
Whereas, Noah Coughlan from Vacaville, 
California, is set to complete his third ‘‘Run 4 Rare’’ journey across the United States of America on July 4th, 2015 to raise awareness for rare diseases, making him the third and youngest person to complete this achieve-
ment; 
Whereas, the first steps of this journey were 
inspired by Catie and Annie Allio, two young girls born with Batten Disease, a rare disease that is heritable and which results in neuro-logical degeneration that leads to death; 
Whereas, rare diseases and disorders affect 
small patient populations in the United States of generally less than 200,000 individuals, and there are approximately 7,000 rare diseases identified in the United States at this time; 
Whereas, millions of Americans have rare 
diseases for which there is no approved treat-ment, and people with rare diseases continue to face obstacles in accessing accurate diag-noses, sufficient treatment options, appropriate medical care expertise, and equitable reim-bursement; 
Whereas, the Orphan Drug Act and the 
Food and Drug Administration Safety and In-novation Act have helped to drive innovative and patient-centered advancements in re-search and treatment for rare diseases, yet there is much to be done; 
Whereas, for the 10,000 total known dis-
eases, there are treatments for only 500, and new drug development currently takes around 14 years and over $2 billion, causing 95 per-cent of drugs development efforts to fail before a product is brought to market; 
Whereas, Noah completed the first Run 4 
Rare in 2011, a 2,500-mile journey from Cali-fornia to Florida that spanned over four months and brought together families and sup-porters across the country; 
Whereas, Noah completed the second Run 
4 Rare in 2013, a 3,100-mile journey from California to Massachusetts that spanned 105 days and carried the hope and momentum of the movement over nine mountain ranges, across three deserts, and through 17 states; 
Whereas, Noah’s third Run 4 Rare began at 
the Statue of Liberty on February 28, 2015 in honor of Rare Disease Day, and will be a 3,000-mile journey spanning 14 states; 
Whereas, Noah carries with him an Amer-
ican flag flown in Iraq given to him by the United States Air Force courtesy of Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield, California, rep-resenting the resilience of rare disease pa-tients, the bravery they exhibit in the face of adversity, and the freedom they seek through awareness and treatments; 
Whereas, the Run 4 Rare effort symbolizes 
unity and hope across the United States for all Americans suffering from rare diseases, and all Americans who stand with them: therefore, be it 
Resolved, that we the undersigned (1) sup-
port the spirit and message of Noah Coughlan’s Run 4 Rare; (2) express solidarity with the rare disease community by commit-ting to the development, advancement, and completion of a bipartisan 21’’ Century Cures Initiative to help accelerate the discovery, de-velopment, and delivery of promising new di-agnostic tools, treatments, and cures for pa-tients; and (3) support a national and global commitment to raising awareness, advancing solutions, and celebrating the resilience and bravery of individuals with rare diseases and disorders worldwide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MR8.038 E17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D285 Tuesday, March 17, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1559–S1590. 
Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 749–767, S. Res. 102, and S. Con. Res. 10.
                          Page S1585 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘2015 Economic Report of 
the President’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–5) 
S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United 
States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats.
                                  Page S1585 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 178, to 
provide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                            Pages S1561–75, S1589–90 
Pending: 
Portman Amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to en-able State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child vic-tims of sex trafficking.
                Pages S1561–75, S1589–90 
Portman Amendment No. 271, to amend the def-
inition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth.
   Pages S1561–75, S1589–90 
Vitter Amendment No. 284 (to Amendment No. 
271), to amend section 301 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citi-zens of the United States at birth. 
                                                                Pages S1561–75, S1589–90 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 72), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill.
            Pages S1563–64 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the 
bill.                                                                                    Page S1564 
By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 73), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S1564 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the bill.
                                                                                   Page S1564 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Thursday, March 19, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S1575 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the committee-reported substitute amendment to the 
bill.
                                                                                   Page S1575 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, March 18, 2015.
                                                                        Pages S1589–90 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1584 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1585 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1585–87 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1587–89 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S1584 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S1589 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1589 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1589 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—73)                                                                    Page S1564 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:33 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, March 18, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S1589–90.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D286 March 17, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF 
AGRICULTURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Agri-culture, after receiving testimony from Thomas Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture. 
APPROPRIATIONS: MILITARY SERVICES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the military services, after receiving testi-mony from Lieutenant General David D. Halverson, Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management, and Commanding General, Installation Management Command, Erin Kern, Director, Shore Readiness Di-vision, United States Navy, David R. Clifton, Dep-uty Assistant Deputy Commandant, Facilities, Instal-lations and Logistics Department, and Deputy Com-mander, Marine Corps Installations Command, United States Marine Corps, and Brigadier General Timothy S. Green, USAF, Air Force Director of Civil Engineers, Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics, Installations and Mission Support, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
APPROPRIATIONS: LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
AND ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-
tive Branch concluded a hearing to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Library of Congress and the Archi-tect of the Capitol, after receiving testimony from James Billington, Librarian of Congress, Robert Newlen, Chief of Staff, Mark Sweeney, Associate Li-brarian for Library Services, Maria Pallante, Register of Copyrights, Mary Mazanec, Director of Congres-sional Research Service, Elizabeth Scheffler, Acting Chief Information Officer, and Karen Keninger, Di-rector of National Library Service Books for the Blind and Physically Handicapped, all of the Library of Congress; and Stephen T. Ayers, Architect of the 
Capitol. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee received a 
closed briefing on cyber, space and strategic com-petition with China and Russia in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and 
the Future Years Defense Program from Admiral Cecil D. Haney, USN, Commander, United States Strategic Command, Admiral Michael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, United States Cyber Command, Director, National Security Agency, and Chief, Cen-tral Security Services, and General John E. Hyten, USAF, Commander, Air Force Space Command, all of the Department of Defense. 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY 
ADMINISTRATION BUDGET 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Secu-rity concluded an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), after receiving testimony from Melvin Carraway, Acting Administrator, Transportation Se-curity Administration, Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION RELATED 
TO THE ELECTRIC GRID 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the state of techno-logical innovation related to the electric grid, after receiving testimony from Peter Littlewood, Director, Argonne National Laboratory, and Jeffrey Taft, Chief Architect for Electric Grid Transformation, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, both of the Depart-ment of Energy; Lisa Edgar, Florida Public Service Commission Commissioner, Tallahassee, on behalf of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Com-missioners; Michael Howard, Electric Power Re-search Institute, Washington, D.C.; and Lisa M. Bar-ton, American Electric Power, Gahanna, Ohio. 
BIPARTISAN SPORTSMEN’S ACT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife con-cluded a hearing to examine S. 659, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fish-ing, and shooting, after receiving testimony from Jeff Crane, Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, Washington, D.C.; Dale Hall, Ducks Unlimited, Inc., Memphis, Tennessee; and Wayne Pacelle, The Humane Society of the United States, New Haven, Connecticut. 
BUILDING A COMPETITIVE UNITED 
STATES INTERNATIONAL TAX SYSTEM 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine building a competitive United States international tax system, after receiving testimony from Pamela F. Olson, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Washington, D.C.; Anthony Smith, Thermo Fisher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D287 March 17, 2015 
Scientific Inc., Waltham, Massachusetts; Rosanne 
Altshuler, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, New Jersey; and Stephen E. Shay, Harvard Law School, Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC CRISIS IN 
VENEZUELA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on 
Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues concluded a hearing to examine the deepening political and economic crisis in Venezuela, focusing on implications for United States interests and the Western Hemisphere, after receiving testi-mony from Edward Alexander Lee, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs; John E. Smith, Acting Director, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury; Douglas Farah, IBI Consultants LLC, Takoma Park, Maryland; Santiago A. Canton, Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights, Washington, D.C.; and Christopher Sabatini, Columbia University School of Inter-national and Public Affairs, New York, New York. 
SECURING THE SOUTHWEST BORDER 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine se-
curing the Southwest border, focusing on perspec-tives from beyond the beltway, after receiving testi-mony from Chris Cabrera, National Border Patrol Council, Kingsville, Texas; Mark J. Dannels, Cochise County Sheriff, Bisbee, Arizona; Howard G. Buffett, 
The Howard G. Buffett Foundation, Decatur, Illi-nois; and Monica Weisberg-Stewart, Texas Border Coalition Committee on Border Security and Immi-gration, and Othal Brand, Jr., both of McAllen, Texas. AMERICA’S HEALTH INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFORMATION 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine Amer-ica’s health information technology (IT) trans-formation, focusing on translating the promise of electronic health records into better care, after receiv-ing testimony from Julia Adler-Milstein, University of Michigan School of Public Health, Ann Arbor; Robert Wergin, American Academy of Family Phy-sicians, Milford, Nebraska; Peter DeVault, Epic, Madison, Wisconsin; and Angela Kennedy, Louisiana Tech University, Ruston. 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine immigration reform, focusing on the American worker, after receiving testimony from Richard L. Trumka, AFL–CIO, Ronil Hira, Howard University, and Benjamin Johnson, American Immi-gration Council, all of Washington, D.C.; Bjorn Billhardt, Enspire, Austin, Texas; John M. Miano, Washington Alliance of Technology Workers, Belle-vue; Hal Salzman, Rutgers University E.J. Bloustein School of Planning and Public Policy J.J. Heldrich Center for Workforce Development, New Brunswick, New Jersey; and Jack B. Palmer Jr., Montgomery, Alabama. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 30 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1385–1414; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 38; and H. Res. 153, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1720–21 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1723 
Reports Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 152, providing for the consideration of 
the resolution (H. Res. 132) providing for the ex-penses of certain committees of the House of Rep-resentatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress, and providing for consideration of the joint 
resolution (S.J. Res. 8) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures (H. Rept. 114–45).
                                      Page H1720 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Holding to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1665 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:11 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H1666 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D288 March 17, 2015 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Jon Randles Victory Life Church, Lubbock, Texas.
                                       Page H1666 
EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 1029, to amend the 
Environmental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications and public participation, by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 121.
                          Pages H1678–94 
Rejected the Peters motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 120. 
                                                                                    Pages H1691–93 
Pursuant to the Rule, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space and Technology now printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–10, shall be considered as read. 
                                                                                    Pages H1685–86 
Agreed to: 
Grayson amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of 
H. Rept 114–37) that prohibits an EPA Science Ad-visory Board member from participating in any advi-
sory action for which there is evidence that the ac-tion may involve a specific party in which the mem-ber has an interest;
                                           Pages H1686–87 
Polis amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. 
Rept 114–37) that requires the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to solicit nomina-tions for Advisory Board membership from (1) Insti-tutions of Higher Education and (2) research institu-tions based in work relevant to that of the Board; and
                                                                                    Page H1688 
McKinley amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–37) that prohibits an individual from sitting on the Board if they are currently receiving EPA contracts or grants; and then would prohibit them from being allowed to apply for, 3 years after serving as a Board member, for any EPA contracts or grants, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 119.
                            Pages H1687–88, H1691 
Rejected: 
Bonamici substitute amendment (No. 4 printed in 
part A of H. Rept. 114–37) that improves the selec-tion of members for EPA’s Science Advisory Board by increasing transparency and ensuring balance among board participants; promotes public participa-tion in the Board’s review process.
           Pages H1688–91 
H. Res. 138, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1029) and (H.R. 1030), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 117, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 232 yeas to 181 
nays, Roll No. 116.
                                          Pages H1670–77 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Monday, March 16th. 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emer-
gency Responders Act: H.R. 1191, amended, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 118. 
                                                                                    Pages H1677–78 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Schock, wherein he resigned from the Committees on Ways and Means, the Budget, and House Administration.
                                           Page H1716 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1670. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1676–77, H1677, H1677–78, H1691, H1692–93, and H1693–94. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:22 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
‘‘WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES’’ 
PROPOSED RULE AND ITS IMPACT ON RURAL AMERICA 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Conserva-
tion and Forestry held a hearing to review the defi-nition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ proposed rule and its impact on rural America. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FISH AND WILDLIFE 
SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Fish and Wildlife Service budget. Testi-mony was heard from Dan Ashe, Director, Fish and Wildlife Service; and Chris Nolan, Budget Officer, Fish and Wildlife Service. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FOOD, NUTRITION, 
AND CONSUMER SERVICES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Agriculture Food, Nutrition, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D289 March 17, 2015 
Consumer Services budget. Testimony was heard 
from Kevin Concannon, Under Secretary, Food, Nu-trition, and Consumer Services; Audrey Rowe, Ad-ministrator, Food and Nutrition Service; Angela Tagtow, Director, Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion; and Donald Bice, Associate Director, Of-fice of Budget and Program Analysis. 
APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL GUARD 
AND RESERVE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on National Guard and Reserve budget. Testimony was heard from General Frank J. Grass, Chief, National Guard Bureau; Lieutenant General Stanley E. ‘‘Sid’’ Clarke III, Director, Air National Guard; Major General Judd H. Lyons, Act-ing Director, Army National Guard; and Lieutenant General Jeffrey W. Talley, Chief, United States Army Reserve. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY, APPLIED ENERGY PROGRAMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development held a hearing on Depart-ment of Energy, Applied Energy Programs budget. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Energy officials: Franklin Orr, Under Secretary, Science and Energy; David Danielson, Assistant Sec-retary, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy; John Kotek, Deputy Principal, Assistant Secretary; Christopher Smith, Assistant Secretary, Fossil En-ergy; and Patricia Hoffman, Assistant Secretary, Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability. 
APPROPRIATIONS—SECRET SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-
land Security held a hearing on Secret Service budg-et. Testimony was heard from Joseph Clancy, Direc-tor, Secret Service. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
LABOR 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing on Department of Labor budget. Testimony was heard from Thomas Perez, Secretary, Depart-ment of Labor. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FEDERAL AVIATION 
ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Federal Aviation Administration budget. Testimony was heard from Michael Huerta, Administrator, Federal Aviation Administration. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL SCIENCE 
FOUNDATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a hearing on National Science Foundation budget. Tes-timony was heard from France A. Cordova, Director, National Science Foundation. 
APPROPRIATIONS—GENERAL SERVICES 
ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on General Services Administration budget. Testi-mony was heard from Denise Turner Roth, Acting Administrator, General Services Administration. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY, OFFICE OF SCIENCE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development held a hearing on Depart-ment of Energy, Office of Science budget. Testimony was heard from Franklin Orr, Under Secretary, Science and Energy, Department of Energy; and Pa-tricia M. Dehmer, Deputy Director, Science Pro-grams, Department of Energy. 
APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL PARK 
SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on National Park Service budget. Testimony was heard from Jon Jarvis, Director, National Park Service; and Bruce Sheaffer, Comptroller, National Park Service. 
APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. AGENCY FOR 
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a hearing on U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment budget. Testimony was heard from Alfonso E. Lenhardt, Acting Administrator, U.S. Agency for International Development. 
THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 NATIONAL 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BUDGET REQUEST FROM THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2016 National De-fense Authorization Budget Request from the Mili-tary Departments’’. Testimony was heard from John M. McHugh, Secretary of the Army; General Ray-mond T. Odierno, USA, Chief of Staff of the Army; Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy; Admiral Michelle Howard, USN, Vice Chief of Naval Operations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D290 March 17, 2015 
General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Com-
mandant of the Marine Corps; Deborah Lee James, Secretary of the Air Force; and General Mark A. Welsh III, USAF, Chief of Staff of the Air Force. 
ASSURING ASSURED ACCESS TO SPACE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assuring As-sured Access to Space’’. Testimony was heard from Katrina G. McFarland, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Department of Defense; William A. LaPlante, Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Ac-quisition, Department of Defense; General John E. Hyten, USAF, Commander, Air Force Space Com-mand; Major General Howard J. ‘‘Mitch’’ Mitchell, USAF (Retired), Chairman, USAF-Chartered RD–180 Availability Risk Mitigation Study; and public witnesses. 
STRENGTHENING AMERICA’S HIGHER 
EDUCATION SYSTEM 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Higher Education and Workforce Training held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening America’s Higher Education System’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EPA’S PROPOSED 111(d) RULE FOR 
EXISTING POWER PLANTS: LEGAL AND COST ISSUES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Proposed 111(d) Rule for Existing Power Plants: Legal and Cost Issues’’. Testimony was heard from Art Graham, Chairman, Florida Public Service Com-mission; Kelly Speakes-Backman, Commissioner, Maryland Public Service Commission; Craig Butler, Director, Ohio Environmental Protection Agency; and Donald van der Vaart, Secretary, North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources; and public witnesses. 
THE ANNUAL TESTIMONY OF THE 
SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY ON THE STATE OF THE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SYSTEM 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Testimony of the Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the Inter-national Financial System’’. Testimony was heard from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. 
THE FY 2016 BUDGET REQUEST: ASSESSING 
U.S. FOREIGN ASSISTANCE EFFECTIVENESS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The FY 2016 Budget Request: As-sessing U.S. Foreign Assistance Effectiveness’’. Testi-
mony was heard from Alfonso E. Lenhardt, Acting Administrator, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment; and a public witness. 
NATIONAL SECURITY BENEFITS OF TRADE 
AGREEMENTS WITH ASIA AND EUROPE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘National Security Benefits of Trade Agree-ments with Asia and Europe’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
COMBATING TERRORIST TRAVEL: DOES 
THE VISA WAIVER PROGRAM KEEP OUR NATION SAFE? 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Terrorist Travel: Does the Visa Waiver Program Keep Our Nation Safe?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on H.R. 758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING THE SPENDING PRIORITIES 
AND MISSIONS OF THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE IN THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2016 BUDGET PROPOSAL 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Priorities and Missions of the National Park Service in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Pro-posal’’. Testimony was heard from Jonathan B. Jar-vis, Director, National Park Service. 
EXAMINING THE SPENDING PRIORITIES 
AND MISSIONS OF THE BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT, THE BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT AND THE OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE IN THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2016 BUDGET PROPOSALS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Priorities and Missions of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, the Bu-reau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement and the Office of Natural Resources Revenue in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Proposals’’. Testimony was heard from Abby Hopper, Director, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management; Vice Admiral Brian Salerno (USCG, Retired), Director, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement; and Gregory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D291 March 17, 2015 
Gould, Director, Office of Natural Resources Rev-
enue. 
FCC: PROCESS AND TRANSPARENCY 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘FCC: Process and Transparency’’. Testimony was heard from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, Federal Communications Com-mission. 
THE FISCAL COSTS OF THE PRESIDENT’S 
EXECUTIVE ACTIONS ON IMMIGRATION 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Costs of the President’s Executive Actions on Immigration’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING 
FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD RELATING TO REPRESENTATION CASE PROCEDURES; HOUSE RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR THE EXPENSES OF CERTAIN COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
S.J. Res. 8, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures; and H. Res. 132, providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. The committee granted, by record vote of 5–4, a closed rule for H. Res. 132. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on House Administration. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the resolution. The rule provides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the resolution, as amended, shall be considered as read and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The rule provides one motion to recommit without instructions. The rule also grants a closed rule for S.J. Res. 8. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in 
the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to commit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Miller of Michigan, Chairman Kline, and Representatives Brady of Pennsylvania and Scott of Virginia. 
REALITY CHECK: THE IMPACT AND 
ACHIEVABILITY OF EPA’S PROPOSED OZONE STANDARDS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reality Check: The Impact and Achievability of EPA’s Proposed Ozone Standards’’. Testimony was heard from Eldon Heaston, Executive Director, Mojave Desert Air Quality Management District, Antelope Valley Air Quality Management District; and public witnesses. 
CONTRACTING AND THE INDUSTRIAL 
BASE II: BUNDLING, GOALING, AND THE OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘Contracting and the Industrial Base II: Bundling, Goaling, and the Office of Hearings and Appeals’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
REAUTHORIZATION BILL: LAYING THE FOUNDATION FOR U.S. ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB CREATION PART II 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Trans-portation Reauthorization Bill: Laying the Founda-tion for U.S. Economic Growth and Job Creation Part II’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
A REVIEW OF HIGHER EDUCATION 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE NEWEST GENERATION OF VETERANS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of Higher Education Opportunities for the Newest Generation of Veterans’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Robert M. Worley II, USAF (Retired), Director, Education Service, Vet-erans Benefit Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY BY FUNDING 
WHAT WORKS: USING EVIDENCE TO HELP LOW-INCOME INDIVIDUALS AND FAMILIES GET AHEAD 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Human Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Expand-ing Opportunity by Funding What Works: Using 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D292 March 17, 2015 
Evidence to Help Low-Income Individuals and Fami-
lies Get Ahead’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activities’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
MARCH 18, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Forest Serv-ice, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hear-
ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Missile Defense Agency, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, 
to hold hearings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the pos-
tures of the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
Committee on the Budget: business meeting to markup 
the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Com-munications Commission, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine S. 697, to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 35, to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana, S. 438, to provide for the repair, replacement, and maintenance of certain Indian irrigation projects, S. 465, to extend Fed-eral recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe-Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe, and the nomination of Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Arizona, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gam-ing Commission; to be immediately followed by a hear-ing to examine an original bill, entitled ‘‘the Reauthor-
ization of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act of 2015’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the impact of patent litigation practices on the American economy, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing 
with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation from multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing on 
the importance of trade to U.S. agriculture, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, 
Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing for public and outside witnesses, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, 
and Education, oversight hearing on closing the achieve-ment gap in higher education, 9:30 a.m., 2358–C Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Rural Develop-ment budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on United States 
Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, 
hearing on Department of Energy, Environmental Man-agement budget, 10:00 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing on National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration budget, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Cap-itol. 
Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-
ernment, hearing on Internal Revenue Service budget, 11 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on related agencies budget, 2 p.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-
lated Programs, hearing on Department of Treasury Inter-national Programs budget, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The President’s Proposed Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against ISIL and the Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authorization Budget Request from the Department of Defense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and 
Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, hearing entitled ‘‘Naval Cooperative Strategy’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Special Operations Forces in an Uncer-tain Threat Environment: A Review of the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for U.S. Special Operations Com-mand’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D293 March 17, 2015 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, markup on 
the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, 10:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Proposal for the Department of Labor’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing on discus-sion draft of the ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notification Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, hear-
ing on the ‘‘Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regu-lation Act of 2015’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Preserving Consumer Choice and Financial Independence’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere; and Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Iran and Hezbollah in the Western Hemisphere’’, 10:15 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Election Support in Africa’’, 10:15 a.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Does the President’s FY 2016 Budget Request Address the Crises in the Middle East and North Africa?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Un-manned Aerial System Threats: Exploring Security Impli-cations and Mitigation Technologies’’, 10 a.m., 311 Can-non. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy 
and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Effect of the President’s FY 2016 Budget and Legislative Proposals for the Office of Surface Mining on Private Sector Job Cre-
ation, Domestic Energy Production, State Programs and Deficit Reduction’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Funding Priorities for and the United States’ Responsibilities concerning Indians, Alaska Natives, and Insular Areas in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Request for the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Indian Health Service, Office of Insular Affairs, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Information Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity: The Evolving Nature of Cyber Threats Facing the Private Sector’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Federal Workforce Tax Accountability’’, 1 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Tangled in Red Tape: New Challenges for Small Manufacturers’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget: Ad-ministration Priorities for the U.S. Environmental Protec-tion Agency’’, 10:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Select 
Revenue Measures, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on the burdens family businesses and 
farms face planning for and paying the estate tax, 10 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold 
hearings to examine Northern Ireland, focusing on Stormont, collusion, and the Finucane inquiry, including other issues of accountability for past government collu-sion in paramilitary crimes, 2 p.m., 2175, Rayburn Building. 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
the Economic Report of the President 2015, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD294 March 17, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, March 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 
1030—Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E339 
Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E341, E344, E348, E350 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E350 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E344 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E350 Garamendi, John, Calif., E351 Graves, Garret, La., E346 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E344 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E339 
Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E340, E348 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E341, E342, E343, 
E344, E345, E347, E348, E350, E351 
Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E339 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E343 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E341, E347, E349 Poe, Ted, Tex., E343, E349 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E339 Ribble, Reid J.E339 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E340 
Sanford, Mark, S.C., E340 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E340, E342 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E346 Valadao, David G., Calif., E343, E346 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E342 Young, David, Iowa, E341, E342, E343, E345, E347, E348, 
E349, E350, E351 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17MR5.REC D17MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST